i hope people are more honest with me now that "it's a new year" 
blessed myself with a 8 plus today. it’s gunna be a great year man 
it’s crazy like so many of us just get a feeling and i want them to be okay and i wish we could do more 
you going to beat @ bflay at a fishing derby?? lol 
beautiful pre-sunrise on christmas morning taken from carlsbad, ca. it's like a canvas with… 
i love how your new label is taking everything into consideration... a true team that wants you to be successful … 
aja - a drag queen christmas the naughty tour: via @ youtube 
it's not what i want to hear in a pub tolga! shite 
one of my new twitter activities is blocking all promoted tweets' twitter accounts. i hope this tweet doesn't somehow jinx this, but then again it's 2018 now and the world is a wild place. #loserstatus 
brought a wee tear to my eyes 
ahhhh il be 25 in july! happy birthday! (i’m two mins early but that’s okay right?) haha have a good day 
magpie is out of her mind. not a reporter or journalist, a shill. 
logan paul's video in a forest known for suicide contributes to the exploitation of a… 
let's play a game! explain this to a non wrestling fan! 
i need to go to a doom metal show this year 
“drink?” scorn replies, a hint of cluelessness lacing her dual toned voice, the trinkets on her headdress swaying as she shook her head some. “i’ve never drank in the sense that you’re likely referring to.” she’d never really any interest in it, or seen what’s so great about it. 
no no ... it's okay.. it'll get better in a few more hours don't waste your time on me haha ~ … 
i liked a @ youtube video 17 things i did in 2017 
trixie & tony ceann eile a thaitin le gasúir óga. tá ceann ann faoi mhadra michael d. tá sé iontach! 
no hay sol but no se va a secar … 
i like that i'm grown but i'll always be a big ass kid... we got robots so where is the time traveling machine?!! 
#xauusd #spot gold #gold short term technical opinion 4th of january 2018 as long as price remains pressured to close below usd1316.37 per oz, seeing a probability of nice pullbacks towards usd1299.20 per oz atleast for pre-nfp. usd1268.79 per oz is also a nice price to watch. 
when aaron played the vikings he played a single quarter, carolina was his first game back with a major injury. that’s a terrible way to judge if they would’ve made it with him the whole time 
we live in a minute on with gpm if you wanna watch me mess around? 
every 19 minutes, a baby is born with an opiate addiction in the u.s. having to withdrawal as a newborn because your parents are hopelessly addicted to drugs is unspeakable. and it just gets worse every day. this is a national health emergency. 
reality check: trump raised your taxes, trashed billion dollar travel industries with the travel ban, allows industry to destroy the land & pollute your water, left puerto rico without food or water & is now going after your medicare & social security. plus... he's a traitor. … 
that sounds like a really fuckign fun porn name 
sharp as a marble that chelsea, maybe it has something to do with the name, the other bright light would be handler..... 
90% chance of a snow day friday !!! 
i liked a @ youtube video iwatobi best moments | free! rin matsuoka speaking english 
getting over someone you loved you really be counting the days you don't break down over them like a recovering alcoholic counts days of sobriety. 
got this with a bloomin onion & applebees cheese sticks 
issa a good news for a bunch of regular folk … 
working on a national tax plan specifically surrounding commerce and enterprise. tax will be low, tax will be fair and tax will not extort the public. lithuania's economy is in safe hands with this government. we're ready to get to work! 
delingpole: the frozen u.s. is paying a terrible price for green lies - breitbart … 
i liked a @ youtube video filmes que você precisa ver em 2018 - parte 1 | omeletv 
and rewind cassette tapes with a pencil 

now you guys need to chill. honestly if clair the peacemaker here is lost we are all doomed. i didn’t see anywhere stuart said such a thing. if my broodmares acted like this i’d take them out behind the barn and hit them smartly around the neck and shoulders with a crop. 
i have a couple friends who live there too who are gonna help me look for jobs and everything 
one of the hardest hitting wrestling matches i have seen in a long time and man was it worth it… 
thank you! a look back at 2017 - … 
i called columbia gas to schedule our safety inspection & she asked me to spell ‘putnam’ (our street address) & i said: p-u-t-n, as in...uh...’naked’...uhm idk why i just said that...-a-m, as in ‘mom.’ meanwhile i definitely heard her & others trying to hold back their laughter. 
still need to get a plane ticket 
#sipboyz20 @ macfresco44 looking like a man amongst boys out here!! … 
@ misterhoonlee please tell me you will make 2018 great again by being in a tv show this year... 
getting out of new york was a fucking hassle 
add value to your home by choosing a purposeful, yet beautiful kitchen backsplash. 
in honour of #nationalbirdday here are the haunting words of a majestic #redtailedhawk after being rejected as #vancouver's official bird. #vanpoli 
made a cool vid of last summer 
thx for checking out #ff fri fundraisers! this week, i decided to include a little something different to help with a popular resolution and never ending issue for indie filmmakers >>> let me know what you think: … #womendirect #indiefilm 
i entered a giveaway for a chance to win "2 pack inflatable salad bar buffet ice cooler b..." by wisewife. … #giveaway 
h.e.r hasn't made a bad song yet can't wait to see her live this year 
tilde and i are all cheering on this one but i wanted to try messing with the face a bit more. 
abraham had multiple wives. anyway, why are you even bringing this up as a topic of debate? lol, this does nothing to improve man's condition. i'm going to just end it here and let you vent. most likely you're going to respond with 50+ tweets. 
drinking a plimsoll ipa by @ escutcheonbrew 
i liked a @ youtube video imac pro setup tour 2018! 
y bueeeeeno q le vamo a hacer!!!!!! 
i need a rest time. 
yeah, i'm definitely gonna just blame this weight gain on my boyfriend. it makes me feel a lil better that way 
#blackadderbot percy, far from being a fit consort for a prince of the realm, you would bore the leggings off a village idiot 
i can’t wait to get a free copy and i’ll do the same! 
i stuck a knife in my coat just to be edgy 
to all those who have read dead centre, there is now a sequel, and to those who haven't you have a treat in store 
>> a bald fish-lipped man @ michaelwolffnyc, seeks relevance/fame in his waning years for cred/money, knowing that he's built his life off the communist democrats summary of others accomplishments.. the #artofthesteal. a mediocre's guide to momentary/monetary success. #maga-bitch! 
when i cried a lot. happy 1st anniv @ ibgdrgn @ 
i liked a @ youtube video playing fortnite live! | new silenced pistol 
now, autonomous cars currently cost around 250,000$ ! yikes, that might cost you your house! in the future, these cars might be a norm, so becoming a lot less costly. hopefully, they will be cheaper in #theupcomingfuture ! 
i’ll hit u tuesday with a for sure and i’ll pull up then 
yes i am a fandom mommy. the prolapse is from the mpreg 
he’s a tough qb to build an offense around. he’s not a good enough passer to warrant bringing in a bunch to receivers. it’s a bad situation. i don’t see them doing much more than they have with newton under center. 
girls - 5th grade / 11u (d2) - pool a - flames (neon) def. lady wildcats 33-18 #hoopsource @ exposurebball 
talking about a broken heart run into the restroom 
a little #pinkfloyd reference for our #stablegenius in chief. 
a lovely day out on a @ ferriesinfo #sydneyharbourferry the crew are tops, taking photos & giving tourists advice on the best angle for photos. great harbour, great crew! @ maritimeunionau 
ok. a few differences: democracy. freedom of religion. sexual equality. work ethic. rule of law. israeli couscous. 
look pal, he was wearing a complete different tie. they said sorry on twitter but not on air. why? 
when tailgating is a good thing. truck platooning paul martin 
i'm sorry i thought you were a writer? my mistake. 
aye lemme hold a dollar? — no broke bitch … 
… how product managers can manage a shift 
if you're going to come at me with "your truth" be prepared for me to come at you with actual facts. i don't give a shit about your truth; i care about the truth. #factsdontcareaboutyourfeelings #phdinsnowflakemelting #sjwssuck 
i can be under a more solid name u feel 
just spent over an hour in @ heb market street in the woodlands, and realized i forgot my wallet, it’s ok, i have my checkbook, no big deal right?!? wrong!! was treated as a common criminal, because i didn’t have my id, trying to pay for my groceries with a check!! #dobetter #smh 
it was this man fault too but i had to get a lawyer cause they asses was def giving me the run around for no reason 
a lot of comments saying we’re going to sign no one in january. we signed vvd for £75m lol 
nice to see striking out do a #directprovision storyline....provides an insight into how these peoples lives get utterly stuck in limbo 
1 daily follower. 0 unfollowers. crowdfire doesn't miss a trick -via 
if anyone ever has a problem with something i’ve said or done, please tell me so i can apologise and sort myself out. i’m extremely clueless so sometimes i don’t realise if i’ve said or done something wrong, & i really do mean well so the last thing i want is to hurt someone 
i liked a @ youtube video visigoth "warrior queen" (official) 
it’s like $120 a year. that’s more than an amazon prime membership... 
trust me, we’re all still talking about what blatant chaos a completely gop controlled government is in right now. 
whoa! i wanna take a minute to thank everyone who's suddenly buying a lot of #theparlourtrick vinyl! if anyone unfamiliar with that project would like to know more, here's a fun interview i did with @ cupcakegoth about it a couple years back! 
she’s a queen, we all need some confidence like her. yes boo. 
it's extraordinary how some people just cannot see that other people have different experiences from theirs. i once had a teacher who told me that menstrual pain did not exist (i suffered agony). she 'knew' this because she also had periods, and hers were completely painless! … 
try tackling it like a puzzle. outline the edges of your story and then pants away as you go from edge to edge. that's what i did with writing and it really helped flush things out that i didn't even intend, but my foundation is still there 
just signed up for sphere, a global social network. sign up & earn usd. @ sphereofficial1 free crypto … 
so sick of not being able to sleep because my brain decides to give me a million things to think about as soon as i go to bed 
i just remembered being at 333 last year and this random girl was about to get in a cab and she goes "wanna come home with me and snuggle?" and the words i used were "nah, i'm gonna go play video games at that guy's house and get dumb lit on gas". lolllllll...caught the ghost. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist modern talking - cheri cheri lady 
laughing for 20 minutes at a ditigal bagel is going me the strength to get through this ap chem studying @ konokat4 
so if there's supposedly "no collision" why won't you testify under oath? we know you've got a streak of yellow down your back, we just thought it was because you were to cowardly to serve in the armed forces. guess that goes for committing perjury. 
#nowplaying a certain girl - the yardbirds by eric clapton 
@ bigmacmarcusjr hi! we've just sent you a bit more info over dm. we'll carry on helping out there /ar 
at first i thought you said she broke wind on minimum wage....but i still can't believe she didn't keep her word! that's never happened before. this has nothing to do with the election and i'm going to join a union and vote liberal. 
that's a yes from me. 
another corner for the lady jags. jags earn a free kick off a foul. 
love ur own stand a chance 
|| i have literally no idea why i've never made a pinned before. but, there we gooooo~. 
#blackadderbot such activities are totally beyond my mother. my father only got anywhere with her because he told her it was a... 1/2 
and that makes me sick to my stomach, literally. i don’t want to live in a country that is occupied by such sick minds. hopefully the majority are of the oldest generation. 
of those who complete, more likely but still not a given. 
"just because she's hot doesn't mean she's not a thot" martin luther king. 
cleveland starters: collins | carlsson t. broadhurst | a. broadhurst | camper g kivlenieks (5-10-2, 3.33, 0.882%) 
editing a video now. hopefully it'll be uploaded today or tomorrow. 
y am i still not have a new sketchbook 
while “taking a knee” may be a fairly new phenomenon, the precepts and philosophies of a positive mi … @ nfl #boycottthenfl 
obama rips fox news viewers: ‘you are living on a different planet’ #foxnews so glad this is not out president anymore. wish we had the power to send him into exile somewhere where we don't have to see or listen to his preaching. 
found a transponder snail! luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death. 
#win a #giveaway @ queensnycmom & share with your friends as well to enter at 
was told today i should be a comedian: i said my shitty tweets don’t even make me a dollar. this isn’t fair. but feel free to donate money so i can move to hollywood to be a star 
just did the same, in and out like a fast food restaurant. 
“hey dana, wanna meet up for a drink in 20 minutes?” “maybe; we’ll see what i’m doing then.” 
if you are going to forge a statement, please spell the person's name right. 
“leave a light on” by @ iamtomwalker —————————————————————————- listen to tom walker’s “leave a… 
let's end this college degree debate right here and now..shelia jackson lee has a degree from yale. let that sink in a second ...before you laugh.. 
so i confronted the owner(s) whose poor dog has been left outside for hours at a time barking in below freezing temp, and she flat out lied. i have 2 months worth of data, lady - nice try. time to escalate. 
fork because i’m not a serial killer 
li·bel [ˈlībəl] (noun) 1. law a published false statement that is damaging to a person's reputation; a written defamation 
letting go is a hard thing to deal with, especially with someone you love/loved. it’ll never get easier with coping but you do find different ways to cope. 
i’m so mad that movies made me think tons of hot guys ride around on motorcycles. every time i see a guy on a motorcycle he has gray hair this stereotype, this myth, is ruining my life 
there's a fine line between being prepared for an interview, and overthinking it so much you've probably literally ruined your chances already. i think i am testing that line. 
it's not disrespect,i'm a fan tryin to understand the situation i don't doubt shit bout @ mgmt_wavgang i just didnt want two of my favourite beats to be stolen too 
i ain’t saying you gotta proclaim your politics everywhere you go but to never do so is a political project unto itself 
that's a back handed compliment if ever there was one but i'm sure mr jones won't complain 
thank you martin. i am glad you don’t see me as a loser, although many times i feel this way. 
well shit we gonna have to run a game soon! get that chicken dinner 
this is a travesty 
resistance to common germs poses a hurdle to new gene therapies … vía @ sciam 
um i think the male should have a whole different design, it looks good on female but on male ehhh.... 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist asmr - ultimate sleep treatment on a hot day - oily face massage, face 
i don’t think a safety was even close. beleive it was haden back there with him. burns has to locate the ball better but to blame the game on him is nuts. 
pullin up with my hitman stay armed like a wristband 
i liked a @ youtube video radiohead - high & dry 
this is a must watch! kevin ship worked as a highly place intelligence officer! he explains what’s going on in the coming storm very clearly! … 
ohhhh we have a night coming up 
i bought a screen protector for my new phone and didn’t realize it’s a privacy screen so now my phone looks dumb 
vals parents got a new puppy 
tryna make a statement is how you lost me.. 
it's like saying tj is going to have a size advantage over dj.. he does and he knows it hence him pushing down instead of up like every other fighter. gsp won't fight conor for the same reason 
when i retweet the joke about septum piercings being "sexy metal boogers for goths" but have had feelings a few girls with said metal boogers... nice one. 10/10 genius contradictions 
used a protien treatment. my hair smells floral and i hate it. 
a lady yelled @me bc we had pens in too many places in our store & we didn't carry "plain basic pens" at a craft store (we did have them) … 
purpose (have a good day) by teach @ tizzyteach … 
good thing “shite” isn’t a real word ... 
don't worry about him, he'll return again and again. this is only his 1st deportation? this man who killed our friend and director and his 22yr son was deported to mexico~returned with a new name right away=easy return=he'll be back #buildthatwall to #maga to put 
i’ve been using it as a reaction picture for so long but i still don’t know where it’s from cursed image 
thats a topic you dont want to burn your fingers on. secret service agents. 
the fact i am still wearing christmas pyjamas in january is not because i love christmas it’s because they a reallyfricking comfy and they should be enjoyed all year round 
the “everything,” fitton is referring to may hold the key to a plethora of scandals surrounding clinton, everything from the fbi’s handling of her email investigation to alleged pay-to-play scheme between the clinton foundation and state department agencies. 
a bop … 
found a transponder snail! giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters! 
i'm at work rn but i'll post about this more when i have access to a non-work computer 
just am amazed at how a moron manages to make a living. 
i liked a @ youtube video every time lil pump has ever said 'lil pump' 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist panda eyes - super panda 64 
it retired happily in a cottage by the sea. 
i started a live stream on @ youtube: 
she just seemed quite pissy when she came over and spoke to my friends and i, and we didn't get a very good vibe from her, that's all. 
i don't think i have a few videos that i wanna make too :ddd 
#blackadderbot you're the worst cook in the entire world. there are amoeba on saturn who can boil a better egg than you 
trying to organise accomodation for a weekend to glasgow when there's 2 couples in the group and 4 singles is more difficult than i ever imagined 
oh my, .....you are still a practicing pastor, aren’t you? is you congregation...you know , the sheep that follow the shepherd people watching...listening...learning. is this how you taught your daughter to be so sarcastic and rude to people... 
this will be the official mar-a-wanko state media in a year or two. buckle up. … 
tiffany is a princess. a princess who if fought over again, will have to smack a hoe 
such a handsome man would bring #magnumpi alive again right @ … 
honestly don't start talking about everything but this was a very large package that was fast! 
fair point. unless there is some great job growth between now and mid terms, then it isn't a game changer at all. 
this is a joke … 
yes, i have a friend who works for apple and that was in their plans few years ago. companies like that always think on the long term. 
unfortunately we got one hell of a wake up call. 
@ dougpolkpoker man you were right about bitconectttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt!!!! "my wife dont believe in me, dats a scam" 
i liked a @ youtube video rihanna: fenty beauty - review + first impressions 
niggas just be talking too much period in these animes. like a 30 min anime episode will have 20 mins of dialogue mostly then get some action the last 10 mins. 
@ evxlutions @ymoonz_ @ hahzel_ thank god your shit ass stayed away lol dirty fuck lol tell tochi hes a bitch lol 
sometimes i used my hands a lot when i talk 
i liked a @ youtube video from babylon to america: the prophecy movie | sfp 
sitting in your car for about 15 mins when you finally pull up to you house after a long day of work is honestly therapeutic. 
bitch the lights just flickered it was nice knowing you all my ass is about to get ended by a demon andinwbfe 
tbt fbf this song is part of a movie soundtrack can u guess what movie @ lynzcrichton @halienemusic @ emhewitt @ arminvanbuuren 
please tell me you didn’t put this on and go out in the freezing cold just for a pic 
no live broadcast tonight but we will tweet out qtr. scores and will attempt to record a broadcast to be posted on @ audioboom 
sunny’s photos are in such a good quality.i have an iphone x too ...but damm! her camera is better than mine 
good thing for princeton, oh that nobody on na’s team, including romeo, were in a hurry to get down the floor to score with almost 9 secs left. 
any way you can go back to comedy and stop being a democrat shill? johnny carson is rolling over in his grave! 
@ droskes forgot to add: our schools are not failing. such a good point, and such a dangerous (and shitty) thing to say. i've worked in schools for years, and i saw a lot of successes. 
i posted a new video to facebook 
this is not even a joke 
i just microwaved an empty mug with a tea bag in it so that's my level of functioning today. 
i'm about to shed a tear cause 'solo' just came on shuffle 
bernice just awoke from a dream in which she was having a "cane race" with my aunt laverne! 
ryo's glaring eyes will hopefully act as a solid reminder that i need to really get my sheeet together this semester. i also will keep the icon for a second until i actually finish watching the series. 
and then a year later little bb 11 year old me saw my first concert. cher’s living proof farewell tour. i am cry. 
streaming schedule is gonna be about megaman x as much as i wanna hear a new king diamond album 
the gop is delusional in a literal sense if they see the dems as causing the chaos. 
damn. i am a youngin' but it still took well over 3 weeks for me to recoup from my back injury in physical therapy. and ppl living on ss alone could never afford it out of pocket 
they've lost a long time ago yet still can't accept it. their accusations are so old and worn out now, it's funnier than heck! so predictable anymore. lol 
just posted a photo — 
great day to be a fight fan 
we secured a much needed w! beating a very well coached mt. airy team 54-39! we are still a work in progress but we aren’t scared of the challenge! way to respond ladies! 
got back into #subnautica and having a great time :) it’s sure come a long way since i bought this time last year, not to mention how great it’s running on my gaming pc. 
fuck it's a beautiful ass day 2day 
#releasethememo chuck schumer should have his assets frozen we should get a credit on our taxes for no work on stupid democrats that shut down of the government over daca really. i hope this fisa gets released and show the real collusion and end muller investigation. … 
hello friends, i need your help. this individual broke into a home under construction on 129th w ave north of... 
sou muito nada a ver... dps de the weeknd vem aurora... kkkk 
found a transponder snail! oars comes back as a henchman of moria?! 
@ darrylterryjr @ msnbc ur gonna be so confused when drumpf resigns in disgrace a few months from now. don't be a bootlicking dupe all your miserable life. drumpf conned you - not the 1st time u've been suckererd 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist somebody toucha my spaghett but riffed by trisngar 
it's always such a relief when a twitizen reveals and owns their political and policy ignorance publicly. 
it's not a banger until motherfuckin jarmo lets loose on the turntables 
devin nunes compiles a memo that russian bots are expressing enthusiasm about and we are suppose to believe its contents would be accurate/believable? #trumprussia 
i dont even know if thats what it’s called im a child is that what it is 
been in florida for a day i threw the speaker in the pool turns out it’s not waterproof 
tch. senses the shade thrown. he may not know every damn language, like some damned showoffs, but he knows a few himself. 你，我叫你笨！該死的山羊，我不羨慕你！我不需要這樣做！我 - 我也很棒！ ahhh, thank you time spent in china,, 
sit in a sanctuary, i'm all alone i wanna love you, more of you without me exclusivity, let me be your remedy sexual chemistry, we don't show no sympathy i want you spiritually, but i need you more mentally 
distance trump from shutdo.....he’s the fucking president!!!! this is his shit show #gop and you made it!! just because he has a 3 minute attention span and is too stupid to understand squat about politics doesn’t mean you get to hide him away … 
drew a free agent? … 
to be exhibited in a museum is strange. feels like i'm an ornament. however... it's not really bad, it's rather harmonious. 
a man of culture i see 
man, i'm watching fellowship of the ring for the first time in fucking years high and it's like a brand new movie godamn this is beautiful 
do you think you could handle being a celebrity? — i think so, but also i think it would depend on what my career was or what i’d be famous for. … 
we can't even live on a whole continent here 
membership monday! join wvna/ana for $288 a year or $24.50 a month. membership includes free & discounted ceu’s for details check out the link below. register before national nurses week for free ce. #wvnurses #education 
this 3 bed home won't last long! ping me for details or a showing. #realestate 
i took such a good nap, i don’t even remember what i studied. 
i feel like i’ve become a boring bitch since i started school. lmao that ain’t me. i need to get the old ellie back @ babygirltei wanna help me bring her back.? 
brussels is a shithole! 
*first day as a serious musician* manager: you're putting too much flavored syrup in the vanilla lattes. me: you won't talk to me that way when i get a record deal! 
i love when i walk past a group of boys and get called a slut 
atlas, a service dog with a stuff pluto toy at home was ecstatic after meeting his hero at the magic kingdom. 
yes. creating a pin of your blog post and including a link to it whilst promoting, is still really helpful for long-term success of that blog post on pinterest. it can not hurt! 
did anyone else have a penpal in elementary school? 
that is the least surprisingly fact i've heard in a long time. 
oh, i think a mistake has been made. but by whom? 
going to be a great episode i'm sure! 
@ ratchetgawd1 shit crazy how yo lil homie going up, i remember seeing that video of you buying him a grill now my own niggas know the lyrics to his shit!!! 
me cqes mal hanya sw que vas a ver esto 
i cant find a copy of it here in where i live and i sadly dont own a ps4 i just own a ps3 thats it 
part 5 wwe exclusive break down what you miss when #raw25 went off the a... via @ youtube 
i liked a @ youtube video the making of kendrick lamar's "love." with teddy walton | deconstructed 
it’s a drug, you know it’s bad for you but can’t stop doing it lmao … 
labour should make it clear that any contract with a duration longer than the next parliament will be considered to have been foisted on them under duress and may be terminated without notice or compensation - then watch the money-grabbers run 
>we all like. "dad can you help me? oh hi mom, where's vi?" [i nodded taking the science textbook from luke as he sat beside me.]"i put a picture of on my snapchat and all the girls loved it." ( @ abimatthews_ ) 
this is a brilliant resource which would complement other citizen engagement work @ pas_tweets @ oliverescobar @ … 
i liked a @ youtube video zhiyun crane 2 | complete real world review | 3 axis gimbal 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist smackdown jan week 4 pt2* 
booked a spontaneous 5 night holiday to majorca, life’s for living hey!!! @ frankietr0tman 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist 5 types of teenagers!! 
actually don't hate him,but he is a c*** thoughcan't wait till i finish the bastards book...nearly there 
"apple's ibooks to get a revamp soon, report claims" via mashable! 
to all @cryptocriedwolf followers, here is some free insight into a possible $ omg 40-80% gains!!! be sure to come on over and follow @ crypt0bing0 for live wall street short & long positions. let me help you dictate the market! @ binanceupdates @ crypt0bing0 @ 
dee i don't know if this will help you but luffy ate a magical fruit that granted him rubber power called the gum-gum fruit. which is why he says that before every attack. 
when #sonic gives out free milkshakes with the purchase of a cheese burger but won't give you the shake for wanting to pay more money for a double cheeseburger wtf!!! 
like he has a choice! … 
they were probably in a hurry. wanting to go home and get smashed 
if it gets us a wall, no chain migration, extreme vetting, and higher standard for the rest of immigrants. id say f it lets get this shit over with.. cause dems aint gonna budge. we have to be realistic. slap in face to every legal immigrant but im not voting for no fking dem 
cool texts i send me a boba 
3/4 a woman is a distraction for having a bra strap and boys will be boys and their actions are excused. 
when you don’t have a rational thought, post a meme. resist this 
i understand, it was very unprofessional of me. if there’s anything i can do to make it up to any artists i can do my best. i really want to do what i can to redeem it at least a little 
smh they never seen a goddess before so they just jelly of ur presence so they cant handle it as simple mortals 
because you're civilised? you could give these people a perfect 1:1 vr simulation to indulge their darkest most depraved desires and after the first visceral thrill they would not be interested bevause or isn't a real person. they need to feel actually more powerful in real way 
@ saveautohistory if you're going to take a free ride on my posts, the least you could do is follow. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist vlog || walking my border collie baby! 
that's worth a look. … 
of couse i'll have a washing machine & a fridge. 
i’d honestly give cardo got wings a son 
just a friendly reminder that the koala is still live! he's playing layers of fear! come show him some love! [02:58] 
(we were on a plane a couple of weeks ago in this photo. she's my service dog and is terrified of flying. i had to dope her up to get her on the plane! some service dog!! i was her service human!!) 
very average for china over the last 10 years. we do not, however, do comparative analysis on growth from 1941 to 1956! @ cnn should try to be reasonable for a change! … 
(to be clear, i wouldn't imagine i was beth. i made up the people i imagined & they had no relation to anyone real or from a story. but i often named them after my favourite characters in books. i imagined them as though in my next life (!?!) maybe i could be them. weird me.) 
when life smiles to you and then you find it is a fake smiiile !! 
theres always a place on my saddle for you, cookie! when you coming back down??? 
hey guys, i just posted a bunch of sketches on my alt account, check em out if you want … 
hey @ sheaserrano can you put your leverage to work to try and get a new hot boys cd..ill donate my life savings to the cause lol 
2 goals first 11 minutes then a retarded cross later we need to sign a gk asap 
he is amazing awesome and he has accomplished far more than i thought in his first year as potus. he needs us, those that believe in his plan to redeem america. be part of the restoration. take a glorious ride on the trump train. see you there. 
eat both. make a stew with both chicken and beef and add your favorite vegetables and some hot sauce for good measure. man i gotta go now. that made me hungry. rock on pat man.!!. 
found a transponder snail! luffy's grizzly magnum catches caesar off-guard! 
many smarter people than me have offered thoughts on #holocaustmemorialday, and i’m at a loss for words. instead i’ll offer a paper that changed the way i though about history, and the history of the holocaust. … 
that’s a very good question 
question about 18th february. would there be a meet and greet? just curious @ markiplier @ crankgameplays @ apocalypto_12 @ lordminion777 @ muyskerm (plus i got the tickets for my 
no team draws a visiting crowd & more hype for a game than the cats when they come to town! we’re everyone’s super bowl! #bbn 
i made a meme about you, please look 
i quess she had one or two in herjust curious isn’t the word b-tch a derogatory way to describe women ? 
i’m so so sorry nick , thank you for spreading words of wisdom, please join us june 8 or 9 in wisconsin, fighting against wrongful convictions and corruption in our justice system, we need change, we need a movement, we need a leader !!!! … 
they didn't even give him a chance... … 
i know what you're saying, but trump has stated desire to obtain all social media passwords for anyone entering the us..(this may even be a pre-requisite for us entry now?) so i expect we'd all get crucified. 
yeah, f the police! i'm a rebel! 
such a divine masterpiece of sharp beauty. angelic eyes, pure elegance beyond words. 
senior year feels a lot like purgatory: not yet a financially stable adult, too old to stay up late enough to be a degenerate?? 
@ bensplatt just won a mother effing grammy i’m crying so much #grammys2018 
hahahah i need a salad at this point smh 
bleacher report has there defense ranked last does make it a fact no 
there was never a doubt in my mind who the winner would be big up di boss damianmarley bless up… 
i’d like to go for a pint with levein if i’m honest. 
one day i want to be like bon iver so i too will be able to write "(bird shit)_" on my work without anyone lifting a brow. 
y a quien coño voto yo pir dios #eurovisionot 
... what do you mean the cowboy bebop manga was a shojo that's the best thing i've ever heard 
he's a literal p.o.s. 
i liked a @ youtube video how to use bright eye complex with mary radford, rn 
anytime a man shares a self referential thought on how my uterus, ovaries, & vagina are contextualized in society and law it’s mainsplaing, ace. 
mpeg: a crisis, the causes and a solution ) 
richard t. yung, m.d., f.a.c.s., is recognized by continental who's who 
communists have been destroying the usa for along a time they are every where. 
you need to take a rest hyung, good morning 
the channel x: super bowl predictions special will be moved to saturday. not sure if i'll do a regular episode as well. i'll keep everyone posted till i get better 
happy 12 mil @ shanedawson . you’re a gentleman and a scholar. 
okay wait shit them call themselves is only 6:06. lemme tell you it feels like a 10 minute experience 
haha it's a logo end of discussion... if this hurts ya... ya must have a easy life.. cause i got bigger problems #savethechief 
@ realdonaldtrump is putin’s bitch and therefore a traitor to the usa. 
a win tomorrow could save our season #nufc 
what a blast from the past! 
you’re about to find a kid buying a 6.4k pp account 
67 oteichan place for those who want to drink in relaxing environment from the standard dishes of lzakaya to daily specials, you can enjoy our dishes with a perfect drink in a very relaxing environment away from the busy city life. trading hours/ 15:0… 
hate to be picky @ nffc, but we still need a left back #nffc 
i liked a @ youtube video vybz kartel - when since (alliance diss!!!!! life after death riddim) 
can we both be a snapmatic couple? i love taking couple photos in a virtual game showing how sad and lonley i am 
"he went to university decades ago". you utilized this as an argument to mean that he thus "missed" the time when the paradigm shift happened and thus can be excused his language use, which under the fact that he keeps reading as a professor is incorrect. cede. 
i don’t know that pirate cat has a gender and that it is pirate. i’m trying to be polite over here. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist we never freeze - (official lyric video) w/ ugandan knuckles 
just posted a video 
i am their fury• i am their patience• i am a conversation en la paz, baja california sur 
selling puts is a good way to earn income. 
apparently being in the tank for @ hillaryclinton is a sign of independence … 
a female dog was found on 03/01/2018 in gneeveguilla, #kerry #fpie 
if i was ake i'd have been throwing up wanker signs after his goal given we recalled him for six months to sit on his arse so not sure why some were moaning about what was a fairly reserved celebration (to what could have been) 
top tips for hiring a car … #traveltips 
i should never be trusted to drive a vehicle of any kind; not because i am a lousy driver but because i tighten my grip on the wheel with every passing truck. i look in the newspaper every day for that one headline of a car crash where they simply don't know what happened. maybe … 
i know it's a lot to ask but is anyone up and able to run me home from stewarton? 
interesting... considering the large grey-haired lady with navy plates @oelwein library who stalked me for over a year + never left before me - got up + left immediately after facebook closed my last facebook account … 
when experimenting with visualisation apps, give 'newcomer' flourish a try: … 
me too, i’m still shook off it...i had to take a break 
seems like you should probably not lose a 25 point lead or something … 
february is here!! time to make a final push. #mc 
now i know what you've thinking: "how long can this go on?" here's the thing: officially, history is scheduled to keep happening indefinitely at a rate of ten years every decade! that's too much history! can you learn it all? even trained historians don't know all of it! 
this girl who i sit next to was wearing makeup, which she looks pretty in. so as class went on, i began to think of compliments i'd give my future gf. it would be along the lines "sup cupcake" and "no. you actually look like a cupcake." #backhand 
i have my comments locked so only friends can comment. shoot me a friend request when you get a chance. tell me in the question area who you are. 
fuck you and all of your red vehicles you’ve ever owned 
comey looks like you told a lot of lies 
when zlatan comes to a team, he’s the manager 
i guess two pans then miss. *pans of what he doesn’t care or care to know it would be a little adventure* ( @ mlp_flagstaff ) 
a girl just walked by me wearing a salmon colored shirt that said "leroy jenkins" in a psuedo 70s album style 
she's a lady na i'm so proud of her 
i'm curious, if yahoo is going to have two separate players, what's been the challenge? there's been chris young hitter and pitcher before. if he was dual eligible i'd see a problem but unsure with two separate players what the issue is? looking forward to the release either way. 
because sonic is a dumb, dumb universe 
if anything is a gift of the gods to men, it is reasonable that happiness should be such a gift. 
klayman: ag sessions confirms why he should resign or be fired! - via @ freedomwatchusa … that was a totally unacceptable response from the ag. obviously, not serious about cleaning up corruption...or afraid. replace ag sessions with a patton. 
i love that we are gonna have a guy on our team that goes by the name moose. 
no....not at all....even in the slightest....out of respect for someone she is very close to...and i’m also very happy with where i am right now so please stop being a dumbass boatler … 
i told you it is because they think it would be ridiculous to have such a debate 
dentro de tus ojos me he vuelto a encontrar 
not to mention a win over kentucky.... 
then found blender base in living room box, and other half in pantry box. i never found lid for crockpot. it's a principal thing here... 
i thought extra time was mandatory before a replay. 
some clarification: nick robinson did not play for st. joe’s today due to a deep thigh contusion suffered in slu game. tried to go; couldn’t 
i haven’t heard that in a while 
a bridge too far. #filmsfromscotland 
hey trump i didn’t know you were a witch. well you’re not one worth hunting 
#superbowllll foles cool as a cucumber! #flyeaglesfly 
as a @ atlantafalcons fan, i'm up for @ eagles. go get it!! 
join robinhood and we'll both get a stock like apple, ford, or sprint for free. make sure you use my link. 
how u miss a field goal 
i'll be happy for like a day and then it ends 
if you're trying to buy a couple mill ps4 after this game lmk guys got 10+ mill 
that was a heck of a throw and a better catch 
the fish weren't ready to be catched but we still had a fun… … 
initializing game java.lang.illegalargumentexception: duplicate id: tilecrystal at ) これの意味と対処方法を教えてくださいー 
alshon update: still not pumping gas for a living @ lane_kiffin 
robert kraft is the only owner in the #nfl with a mullet!! 
i think lily and rufus. jenny’s been such a disappointment. i want her to go back to fashion. 
we just rewarded angela for being a loyal customer. #jointheclub and #getrewarded too. 
do you ever wake up with a lot of confidence? 
i'll miss waiting for her car pics every sundaaaay! you did a good job, chichoo! … 
i know it's not f*tish talk so it's just mmm a courtesy i guess. 
this guy has the eyes of a maniac ....how come so many people were arrested in his district by ice the other day for human trafficing ? ,,hmmmm makes you wonder ? 
we're a third world couwntry le shithole 
so far it’s about a couple raising triplets in the 70s n one of the triplets is black.. 
lmao just thinking about what i saw is giving a headache like it wasn’t serious but still i’m going insane 
that's not the point. the cheek was uncalled for and as a loyal customer i didn't expect that. not cool! 
that's my issue at the moment. every time i think of take away, nothing takes my fancy. don't like pizza, don't like chips, don't eat red meat and can't bear cooked tomatoes or carrots.. rules out a surprising amount... 
yo this bacon mac and cheese need to be a pizza 
sorry bro, but not by a long-shot! 
just posted a photo … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist jeannie shows off her breast workout trick! 
this is perfectly clipped! haha pimp such a fun guy 
stoked you added...we will make a nice profit over the next few months on this bad boy 
soon soon! i’m arranging a few last things about the merch and shippings! … 
i had a lot of shit to do today. mind you. i just stood in bed. all day 
john kelly, i refuse to use his military grade, is a disgrace to the armed forces. within a very short periode of time, he has damaged all his years serving the us. all thanks to the 
women: dick is not a valentine's day gift! men: well pussy isn't either! women: 
earn 0.5million in 90days from a one time investment of 30k. not a pyramid scheme, not a ponzi, no referal, just pure business, watsapp me on +2348053560670 for more info 
lay it on a bench with the twirly bit hanging over and drop ya neck on it. works a treat. 
also a danger... as is going somewhere else to fuck that up too. i think it's a good thing overall though. 
i liked a @ youtube video todd edwards & mj - hd 720p 
anybody wanna go on a date for valentine's day? accepting kind and humorous people. 
you had a eli super bowl run type of night (helmet catch year).. and i was still able to break even so i’m not the slightest bit bothered lol 
how about a range of videos where you assemble ikea furniture 
so who’s gonna adopt and love a pitbull with me? 
i cried a little over this one. still can't believe it was a judge from the republic of ca. there is hope. 
@ thejoemarino give me a % chance that roquan smith drops to 17? 
at least you’re getting to sleep in! i need to get my butt back to the gym in the mornings. thanks for making me feel like a slacker! 
can we start a petition to get the last version of snapchat back? 
my data is acting like a bitch so videos are lagging 
an i don't care for air play, i rather go live online playing air guitar in my air jays. the air play is a con, air that out like nick cage. i'm waving bye to the air waves. smile on my face talking with my mouth full of wavy lays. 
@_jeri_6 missed out on a good ass workout 
masturbation is a healthy thing, apparently not when you’re in the elevator. 
#impeach trump #potus45 #trump #parades is potus45 attention deficit? hardly seems like he can multi task with all the pressing issues he is worried about a military parade parades, walls and worrying if people applaud him god help us all 
overheard a fight on the subway so now i'm laying in bed staring at the ceiling hope everyone is having a fun night!!! 
hey uh friendly reminder, if youre 17 and youre dating a thirteen year old youre fucking disgusting! 
ag, are they a little touchy, perhaps they should toughen their skin up a little? 
yo this new wax place is only $30 for a brazilian! rather than $50. 
definitely feels like a return to more normal markets where there are actually corrections which last more than a few days (i must be showing my age!!)...time to keep your powder dry...and be ready for when this turns … 
brightest adolescent intelligence (bym) is a 17-gathering out of date non-profits organization, whose commission is to actualize a advantageous community brownie alongside identifying, conjunctive and mobilising 100 big-shock chief and oomph-getters betwixt the... 
really hope i feel good tomorrow. in desperate need of money and leaving work early is not ideal. 
oh that crap. lol, ya, a pretty desperate attempt to stay culturally relevant. you don't need to specifically identify with those characteristics to actually relate to a character. good writing will do that on its own. we identify with values and personality, and character. 
spent a large chunk of yesterday and today planning out and starting to build out a build process that assumed teamcity, like travis (and presumably others) had conditional build steps. nope. :sigh: 
#fortnite has a new crossbow?! come check out my mad skills... and/or lack there of! #twitchtv @ twitchtv @ twitchretweetsu @ twitchsharing @ twitchtvonline @ supstreamers @ 
our kysa technical director is very proud to have worked with a motivated and capable group of… 
long gone are the days when we had the likes of tony benn. a passionate speaker who knew how deal a fatal blow without ranting and raving. awful. #bbcqt 
i’m not a supporter of any type of group, but would ut tell blm to stay out? i’m sure that when i served in the military it was protect the rights of everyone, and that includes free speech. 
no entraré a twitter mejor 
i hear you. i think it's a significantly different when you're diagnosed with chronic illness as opposed to being born disabled - that's not to say there aren't still mental struggles in both cases but regardless how you feel is valid and often it's one day at a time 
check out my new blog post - make a rose quartz love charm! 
dallas, washington and ny had jokes of a year lmao 
paranormal enthusiast wanted! mprs is looking for a new member! must be 18 + female, open minded, team player... 
when you find out your biological mother died of a heart attack back in october #adopted #probatepapers 
unbelievable news!! #ripliam an amazing person and it was a pleasure to work with!!! #liammiller @ brisbaneroar my thoughts are with your family and friends at this 
he’s a chump! 
hit a lot of arms then ran 2 miles #paulsmash #littlebear #mytribe #inkedlibrarian… 
i liked a @ youtube video we're not joining team 10! (age restricted) 
yessir pitt got a steal fr. ball out brotha … 
i'm totally a yoshi player because yoshi story stole my heart and never gave it back, but waluigi or boo are close seconds! 
there was a catch. 
i am about to set the dogs on my lead, and am currently piling up rocks into a small mound. this might break me tho. … 
yall i saw a rumor that there are accounts that tweet the hashtags so you can rt them and then close to the end of voting they'll deleted the profile so votes can be erased. be careful who you rt from. #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt 
my sister had a heart attack last night … 
tell me why i just bought an xbox one and a year membership just so i could play fortnite 
queremos agradecer a @zazukeluis por este increible banner de nuestro clan #clashroyale #clan #gonovacorps 
daily rain report for peterstow, herefordshire uk at 23:59: daily rain: 0.0 mm. max rain rate: 0.0 mm/h at n/a 
sta que te volveré a ver!!!! mi estimadooo sñr. @ 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist gzuz "was hast du gedacht" (wshh exclusive - official music video) 
k, let's get back to the age of the earth. again, it doesn't mean that the creation of the earth had to be at the same time or almost at the same time as the creation of all of the universe much like that baking a cake just last week analogy. 
i liked a @ youtube video cannabis 101: what's the difference between indica, sativa & hybrid? 
i took a gamble out with tron justinsun is definitely active on twitter. don't see why it won't go up again. good name people do jump for names too. crazy as it sounds. 
i'm knitting this for a pattern they gave me and it's this yarn … 
bought a zuccini today from there, flipped it over, and it had mold on it 
if you really think about it, i mean really put the effort in, go full force on this, i’m sure you can imagine a tweet better than this. 
yo igualll si vienen a perú sería tan felizz aaaaa por eso desde ya estoy ahorrando jejej #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt #iheartcontest jhope 
and 3 eccies placed in his tea by a ginger and a midget. 
i want nsync to have a fight the whole hour, but succeeded in finding umaru snacks 
i'm trying to keep it together but it's so hard when you just lost everything in such a short amount of time. these past 8 months have been complete hell and i'm hanging by a thread. 
i started a live stream on @ 
what a joke. @ unilever is poisoning the people of the world. tries a greenwash again. 
see how carpet makes your holiday decor cozy & enter #cricontest for chance to win a $500 visa card! #beautyofcarpet 
im gonna make a fool outta myself during atttid and thats the tea 
i'm still resisting the urge to get publicly ruffled about this, but uh, i gotta say, it's really not great to have my financial future for the next 6mo just kind of up in the air for *three full weeks,* especially when it's a major publisher. 
me parece que le contestaron a susanita gimenez 
yasss it's time for a great show justin case: #joinme #sendmegif 
it feels like morning cos i've had a 5 hour nap again ffs. 
you're so welcome! we suggest adding a free feature called "port validation" to your account to get that extra layer of security. just send me a dm so we can get this done! *mikeperez 
هلا hi, this is awsom, an xray scanner for android is for reel, give it a try … 
i always knew you were a chick... 
was sorry not to be able to come to this, thanks for your tweets! looks like it was a great session. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist semi-automatic (music box version) - twenty one pilots 
@ kevincorke dan coats doesn’t want our political differences to get to the point of affecting the functioning of the country? that train left the station a long time ago. the real question now is, what do we do about it. 
how does my room take 7 seconds to look like a tip 
i pledge that part of the proceeds of every shirt purchase will go towards a bunch of creepy daggers and shit. 
i hear a lot of good things about this show. i'm not a fan of star trek. should i watch this? 
yo me rindo no van a interpretar city of stars #otfiesta 
thanks for reaching out to us. to place an order in germany, just visit us at: or give us a call at 0611 - 949 105 26. we hope this helps and we look forward to hearing from you! best wishes! 
i’ve been stuck in a reading rut for ages and i finally finished the book i was struggling my way through and now i’m so excited to start on my pile of 15 books hahha 
well, it’s been a corker - and julie is retiring for another year 
snap really a dub now 
thank you my love, and a happy valentines day to you as well. i couln;t have enjyed this ride without you. love, family, life,and music. xoxoxoxoxo 
lmao aye, if i recall, we ran out of gas in oakwood and 20 mfs hopped out a pt cruiser n helped me push your diesel i was asleep on a case of natty … 
you envoke violence, so i'm surprised you even acknowledged a shooter or shooting. i'm sure he voted for you, so once again feel really really proud of your supporters sir. really really good guy, but make sure due process first. innocent untill proven guilty, so he can vote . 
@ reggiemillertnt doesn’t get enough of the credit he deserves the man was a shooter 
yasss it's time for a great show braden2001: #music #hangoutwithme 
oh how i love creating for valentine’s this new pillowcase i created has a special place for… 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist central oregon golf - top 100 courses shine 
today was supposed to be a happy day but this morning made it a horrible day 
jennifer aniston will be a very old lonely woman one day. … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist french music in french cafe: best of french cafe music (french cafe 
thank you to the @ wkudietitian team brandi and summer for walking our special olympics athletes through what a healthy shopping trip looks like! these guys will be fueled and ready for seattle come july! 
it was a fight the whole hour, but now i know what i'm buying all the $2 copics i can get my mitts on 
just trying to understand why would anyone need a ar15 ?? honestly i know nothing about guns, the only thing i have ever heard is that ar15s are used by single sick lone people that are out to kill so many so fast???? 
rob just got me a promise ring for our anniversary 
chico malo jajaja no mata ni a una mosca #iheartawards #btsarmy #bestfanarmy @ bts_twt 
so your a real republican....aye right. 
you could say rick and morty rip off a bunch of things, but other people used other people concept and ideas create their own version on it. 
it this trump probe a magic mirror where people just see what they want? i've got lefty tweets saying trump is finished and conservative tweets saying it's vindicated him on my timeline and i don't know what to believe. 
we had a few bomb theats when i was in high school. my kid isn’t school age but i’m sure i’ll be just as much on my toes when he gets there. i agree measures need to be taken. 
gross there’s a snake on the couch ... totally joking but i had to do it 
a lot going on there. you know that i can't multitask watching this stuff. my hands were where??? 
everyone deserves a lawyer, even guilty pieces of shit. if a guilty piece of shit wasn't defended to the greatest extent possible, how would you know the case against them was completely legit? 
just had a 17 kill duo game with @ placeways_ with the best ending ever will post later 
as long as music notes takes to negotiate a license with bill. sorry it couldn't come sooner... 
he’s put a bit of beef in there like. 
who is this busher character? he’s slower than me and has a first touch like that guy we traded for kamara. 
no matter where you get your food, get your drink from chick fil a. (@chick-fil-a) #yelp #yelfie 
i have a new follower on twitter: osman sor paraibano trabailo nu comesios ei jerais patos… 
or are you saying that the only thing preventing these gun toting heroes from saving the day is a 1000 foot buffer zone? 
thieves and robbers both have one thing in common, they both steal. however there is a difference in their takings,a thief can only take things of material from the outside, but a robber take those most precious valuables prize possessions such as peace of mind, joy faith, love 
every. single. word. before "but" was a lie. sell it on another corner.. 
the same people who think a travel ban will solve the issue of terrorism are the same people who think a ban on guns won't work 
a small stone jammed in the kitchen waste disposer. took ages to unwedge it. 
i liked a @ youtube video king dice explains to the devil why he's their (cuphead comic dub compilation) 
damn. what a good friend. i’ll sell u mine for $400+shipping 
mongotv_948 - part 3 - how to get a good start in euro truck simulator 2 ets2 … 
instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better. -- edgar w. howe 
look what you did to me, made a fool of me 
you could not find a better picture for this creep. 
in economic terms? we struggled outside eu before we joined and would again if we left. i fear uk will suffer my line of work i see lots of in-depth analysis of brexit and it's not looking good for anyone. 
after our brief exchange here i'm p convinced elbow gets a lot of fans who want to meet him he seems p cool. i'm sure it was a good day for mr howard stearn, i like meeting ppl i admire too. elbow, did he have you sign anything for him? 
just finishing a wonderful history: "destination casablanca: exile, espionage, and the battle for north africa in world war ii" by meredith hindley. stuff that wasn't in the newspapers, and a look at who shaped our world then. 
and yet the oilers are still a tire fire . the expansion draft can be altered to make lv a contender but no way should they be given another 1st overall . i call bs 
shannon & i out for a new #adventure along the #appalachiantrail @ joshuagates @ desttruth @ travelleisure @ travelchannel @ 
ah thank u angel. fran is a fashion icon 
hi, melania! it is good for parents to teach their young about god and jesus! #randomactsofkindnessday is also a good thought to spread the word to our neighbors! 
baia baia con que veo a minseok #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #exol @ weareoneexo 
well most ppl don’t want a rookie to play third base. 
omaha, #ne - pilot flying j - truck / tanker driver - fuel transport - class a cdl 2000 sign on bon - we are currently se #omaha #driving #job 
chama es que cómo haces?? yo sufro a lot ya con bts y got7 yo no podría 911. (pero still, you should stan, they're baby boys that deserve to be loved by everyone) (además su cb es en marzo) 
>> this fandom use to be apart love and fun. i've this seen fandom turn to toxicity and i won't lie. i was apart of that problem but i've decided to change that. not bring drama at all on this fandom and account but this needs to addressed. if you think you have a right >> 
aye, but 2 wins were in the cup that we got spat out of later. not that good of a start. 
|| i always feel bad when i write a person that i worry about them, or they need to chill / relax before they do a reply. just want everyone to know that i think the person behind the screen, and how they feel is way more important than any rp etc. 
brock knows that of course. he has worked for hydra for years. did steve know about the gate on the west side if the compound though? it was forgotten abandoned after the asset had torn it down once. a car can break through it. he has seen it happen before. 
chinese is not an official language, but in a lot areas in pakistan it is the 2nd language of education after urdu in pakistan. 
every time i post a recipe, i think of this guy. he is funny...to me anyways. 
strictly e30 @ jameskirksocal though a 2002 baur e10 in lime yellow would do nicely! 
it feels like parody, but i've been on twitter for too long, this is the type of stuff that hillary fans say to be sure, i checked the guy's profile, and it quickly becomes obvious: -he's a russiagate nut -he's a #resistance grifter -he's an 8 percenter who hates bernie 
the authors are sami tamimi and yotem ottolenghi. yotem is israeli and sami is palestinian. they actually talk about this throughout the book. and the origins of a lot of the dishes. it’s a great cookbook. 
finally, i #knit a lap blanket for myself! very pleased. 
thanks. she’s safely in a taxi home. you’ve saved me from going out the house too. more fifa time for me. #everycloud 
i’m so happy i could cry. i finally get to leave the job that’s made me miserable and have a consistent work schedule and income. i get to gain some real world experience & my own insurance/benefits plan. one step closer to my dream vacation and new vehicle. 
bitch ass cop wrote me a ticket for legally switching lanes on slauson and van ness. i’m hot cause i’m fasho fighting it and nobody got time for night court 
in pa.'s new congressional map, this republican's 'bad dream' turns into 'a nightmare' … via @ phillydotcom 
that stuff on the red scare might fire him up – how topical is that now? and give him this graph – see what blair actually did to the labour vote. … (that website is a treasure trove.) 
enjoyed a lively and engaging discussion with fantastic questions from @ asu students. … 
a3: i experience this nearly every day as a new teacher! i am constantly wondering if i am doing something right, worried about what i might be missing, or how i can improve so my students get everything they need. #milamkidsdeserveit 
what #music do you use to help you through tough times? here's a beginning list. please add to it in the comments section of the post! thanks 
exactly, and by shortening that rifle barrel to an ileagal length, he committed a crime. 
i started dying my hair green, and right after i slapped on a big glob of hair dye, i realized that i had put away the blue dye in the green box, and my hair was once again mostly blue. fuck 
it takes me 6-9 minutes to load into a game, i cant move without my game freezing and my fps is always below 16, is there anything i can do other than quit the game in general? i think that's my only option at this point @ riotsupport 
hopefully with a view of aleppo.... 
thanks for making a great argument in favor of stricter gun laws. there is no magic bullet (pun intended) that will stop all violent crime, but we can certainly diminish it with our efforts. 
some dudes can't take a hint if it's dropped on their heads 
new content coming to my channel very soon. go subscribe and give us a retweet too, thanks guys. … 
it’s a fine tune isn’t it 
learned from #jerryqian #siptalks: "wake up and taste the blockchain": the cryptocurrency market is like a casino... savvy strategy: learn the system/numbers, then easier to take the 95% dips and the 5000% gains :) 
when the teacher say that u got to do a group project 
i guess because to most people it seems slightly better for you than gatorade/powerade because it's artificially sweetened? i actually like both gatorade and powerade a lot. ever since college, i've been drinking more of them than soda or most other soft drinks. 
i didn't think he could play old but it's a delight to see @ connortrinneer - now if we can just get that enterprise miniseries... 
thank god this dude came in my class and dropped off a bag of point park t shirts and hats 
chet and emma back to a finals at state swim.. emma in 50 free and the 100...and chet in the 200. 
i think i have to make a lot of money 
i swear every time i see a picture with cap vs a cosmic threat i always think wow he is underpowered for this fight compared to his pals. then i remember he is smart and a leader and can kick butt with the best of them. 
what a perfect view 
memories are ambiguous… old ones can be replaced with new ones, creating a new reality. 
automated interpretation of blood culture gram stains by use of a deep convolutional neural network. … 
oh yes i spend every minute of my life playing this game!! dude not even! the point i'm trying to make is don't call my content trash when i at least talk edit my videos and all of that good stuff you just slap a 30 second video up of you not talking 
she’s comparing america’s nra boycott to the islamic regime. basically saying if the gov takes away our guns their next goal is to execute us. which i think is a bit of an exaggeration 
this is what a time to be unhackable * 
i liked a @ youtube video the big update everyone has been waiting for in cod ww2 is here... 
please help this too! we need to work on this issue asap! a lot of people will search for exo today and tomorrow #exolympicsd1 #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #exol @ … 
we’re playing #radio in a few minutes on @ alt_360radio , alt360 on @ tunein or on the… 
3/ i couldn't identify the pile from there, and assumed it to be a dead bird of prey. i know nw oregon occasionally sees hawks, and i've seen one on the trees once or twice. i don't understand what's got the robins so interested that they're all staying on the ground like that. 
flyers plate a third run in the sixth to jump in front, 3-2, over the toreros. 
yeah, i agree, just giving a likely reason i've tried to sing the song before and gotten lost with lyrics lmao 
it's not a game: it's a yard sale. #sabres 
i love my messy cute af “platonic homies” and heres a random factoid sometimes engagements don’t work ou- ok bye … 
welcome to a #flapanthers game bandwagon penguins fans!! 
yessir, without a doubt. i would also volunteer to drive a paddy wagon and help build the wall. #maga 
late, late finish & a birthday brace - five things you might have missed in efl 
what is it about our godless, “progressive” indoctrinated society they creates hopeless, self-centered people, like cruz, who believe life is a function of time + matter + chance; a roll of the dice; no meaning; no intrinsic; who take others with them when they check out? 
whether you give a party a billion dollars in cash or a billion dollars worth of oppo slander is a distinction without a difference. it's like "humanitarian aid" in a war. aid is aid. give more of one kind frees up money for other stuff. 
if you like cider, you should try lambic. comes in flavors, raspberry is common, and is a slightly sweet fermented beverage 
another clue. ones beinging played at lb crazily. the other is a so called cb. 
still not quite sure how i would round off my political views. but i'm pretty sure i would like the ability to say nope you lot fucked up let's give these guys you said where shite a chance. if they fuck up they're getting pumped tae 
im rr e a l ly. im vvery confused and scared this is just the idea doc static //this// is wwhere the eye poems lay static wwhatsg gghghoinh on- 
two thumbs up! chris pratt and his son jack enjoy a boys' night out at motorsport event … 
i need a break from my own thoughts. 
me personally i haven’t heard of a green street gangster i’ve heard of a green screen gangster tho #alltoowell … 
just took a pic of my leg cause it so i could get cheesesticks rn 
and look. i'm not an anti-gmd absolutist. cost aside, i can see the utility in being able to stop a limited attack. but! 10% "leakage" in a full-scale exchange is entering "we'll just get our hair mussed" territory. e.g. even winning in that scenario is a loss … 
it's cyrillic. they're bots. a bot band. 
i liked a @ youtube video my first interview 
2 weekly unfollowers. crowdfire doesn't miss a trick - via 
howdy @ lineman000001 and we are good! cool and just got back from a walk in the woods and holler with dixie. she is now a hot dog without the bun. 
i thought he was a whole homosexual....finally a sexual assault scandal that is a true & spiritual shocker. … 
she put on a damn good performance. still not better than tt but close … 
i liked a @ youtube video solo winter survival! minimal gear overnight in a huge snow storm! 24 hours in the 
i liked a @ youtube video comment awards v71 
sorry but when did the nra become a protected class? because last i checked they are a lobby organization and as a private company delta has the right to cut ties with them. have fun on the unemployment line when your elections come up! 
when we went, there was a small fair going with local products, a traditional english barbeque and a few war veterans telling their stories. check their website for events! if you like cycling, we rode our bikes to several manors. a bike shop is in 7oaks. 
1robert steele: las vegas false flag a hybrid (innocent drill, rogue mass murder unit)? update 22 morphonios on paddock, censorship … via @ phibiblog 
shiny geodude in my japanese hg the file where i got my treecko! so i would say it took around 200 res not really counting since this was just a side hunt i did not have a specific target so im pleased to have found this it looks so good 
"let us bring back the belief that the lives of other people, even of our enemies, are a gift from god." in marches around philippines, catholics protest threats to life 
no no no it's the truth. you're a lot nicer than he is and definitely a lot funnier. 
end 3q (r1-a boys semifinals): north greene 35, cosby 23 
i will be a part of the 'wow' on march 11th lets go 
to every 'know it all' perso saying parents and families 'don't get a say' in what is a normal part of grief....do your homework! you don't get to legislate of determine who is part of te conversation! 
i've just got a new #fan! get access to my unseen and exclusive content at 
i do know the first stretch goals would be to work on a set of illustrated trading cards. first goal would be for just the pens, second stretch goal would be for the metro, 3rd goal would be for the eastern conference and 4th goal for the whole league(2-3 players per team). 
imagine a world, if we disagreed, and weren't able to arm and defend ourselves! @ nra #maga #oustcorruptocrats and their snotty kids too! 
sounds like a story.. 
i came home from a long and stressful day at work and my woman has a beer cracked open waiting for me. i live a good life. 
what does this really do? i wonder how many gun sales walmart does in a year to under 21.... and for under 21 hunters, won't mom or dad still buy them one in their name? in other words... nothing gained? … 
it’s almost been a year since i graduated college.... where did the time go ?!? 
the only reason this administration would be desperate to sell nuclear reactors to saudis is if they could somehow profit personally. will someone please investigate what cushy deal the saudis offered either trump or kushner? how much will trump’s family get as a quid pro quo? 
@ nandomorales8 ain’t you a @ syracuse fan? 
i think one of the biggest things i realized as i started working on the large scale project that i am is that time spent analyzing and contemplating how to implement a specific feature is just as important, if not more so, than the time spent actually doing so. 
those who deny there is a humanitarian crisis in venezuela are perhaps looking for mass famine, or vast refugee camps. neither can be found. the crisis exists in countless appalling stories like this. … 
i’m still truly shook as to how the nfl gone try and tell me dez caught that ball 3 years later, like i ain’t know that. what’s next? brady does a lil sum sum with the refs pregame?? 
or agree on a formal leave of absence until such time as sufficient information has been received to make a knowledgeable and thoughtful decision 
idc about walmart but it's good they're doing this. good for dick's sporting goods … 
no-one should have to through this and i’ll support you guys as best as i can from here! i want to do a presentation at school to raise awareness so that more people can know about this and so that our generation can be heard and make a change 
sing me me song, you’re a singer 
trump is trying to in a practical way stop future shootings. but he is hurting citizen rights. he is trying to compensate for multiple system failures, pd cowardice. fbi negligence, but he wants to suggest guilty until proven innocent is ok 
i can’t wait to have a son … 
io ti dirò le cose dette mai di questo amore noi saremo gli angeli~ il mio petto da cuscino per la vita ti farà sembra cominciata già una storia senza fine farò girare il mondo intorno a noi arriverà natale senza nuvole~ le domeniche d’agosto quanta neve che cadrà … 
yo kiero ke tu boka se pegue a la mia como chikle nuevo 
the ease of it is precisely the problem. requiring a higher skill threshold to kill a score of people it a good thing. i agree, mental health is part of the issue, but deceive yourself into thinking it's the only factor. 
holy shit hit 200 my 200th follower was a piracy streams bot 
still a favorite with barbara jensen n' gaby cobain... 
you have a long ways to go grasshopper. … 
i am beside myself. really, genuinely upset. i fucked up last time and double booked so i had to sell the tickets. this time i didn't even get a ticket. terrible mum. 
#miami_heat: should dwyane wade go back to being a starter? via @ 
wow what a dumb yet revealing remarks by the one who sold uranium to our biggest threat. wow! 
a retrosexual man does not use more hair or skin products than a woman. women have several supermarket aisles of stuff. we need an endcap (possibly 2 endcaps if you include shaving goods.) should know how to tie a windsor knot and only a windsor knot. 
just posted a photo 
friday feels why can’t every friday night be a sunset cruise in arubawhat’s your ideal friday night?! comment below so i can give your feed some love! check out my latest vlog from aruba through the link in my bio! #thewildflowerwords 
of course. but he’s ridiculously young as well. a year or two in the minors working in that. ohhhh buddy. he’s toinf to take care of y’all well. 
a #bestmusicvideo #signofthetimes #iheartawards @ harry_styles 
boys 5th grade - pool a - killer beez def. ky elite 37-34 @ exposurebball 
chutem quem eh a sagitariana 
why am i in such a bad mood?! 
confidently shitting on white people to white people in a professional setting is my cocaine 
the greatest. giant of a man and fantastic human being. the man at the centre of our best ever moment which will never be forgotten 
i hope so...i couldn't shake the bad vibes. i'm a big fan, despite all his issues. prolly mainstream rap's best 100% verified pen, maybe sans jay … 
there will be a little bit, still the system font. 
i’m gonna do some exercise tomorrow and go for a snowy walk because i’ve been super lazy this week. 
so excited for a new @ datelinenbc friday!!!! 
so playing dungeon keeper, i've conquered like half the kingdom, raised and trained many powerful creatures, and this arsewipe nobody just gets to show up with a level 7 dragon and i decided to bring nothing. fucking posers. 
man city v chelsea: pep guardiola says antonio conte is a 'master' tactician 
so ready for the day i get to come home to a husband and kids and be able to say i have the perfect family! but who am i kidding that’ll never happen 
had a great time today i love my hubby so much. now about to go get these brows done and get ready for church... 
have you seen the cat crashing a bike in his dreams? 
i liked a @ youtube video terroriser vs moo. who is the king of the carnival? (golf it funny moments) 
a #gift shop from the comfort of your phone 24/7 
yeah. she wrote “i hate everyone” in chapstick in a window at recess because “friends” were picking on her and wouldn’t play with her. 
what are you, 10 years old? please get a fact check first, sweetie. you even called a fellow ex0-l a snake for educating you smh #iheartawards #btsarmy #bestfanarmy @ bts_twt 
fellas is it gay wanting to spend a whole life with kang jaehee, living together and making coffee every single day for each other while holding hands and at the end of the day cuddle in bed and whispering into her ear how much i love her? 
i think we have a lot in common. first, let's protect kids with guards, locked doors, and metal detectors. then, we can improve reporting on crazies. 18 states do not report to fbi. air force was not reporting. then improve the detection of potential terrorists. step by step. 
not none to many many folk...these are the most trying times in our republic since the constitutional convention. be loving be strong and love those who dont know its not their fault. we are a republic of americans despite our political affiliation. red blue doesn't matter 
"we know were not a finished product and we’re gonna get better so that’s good." -gregg berhalter … 
why do i associate this gif with me using it in a greeny phatom-related scratch project … 
had to make a whole new discord for the outlaws coz they were using twitter as a team chat haha 
welcome to the aac where you have talented players and a good coach. your reward? a 5-7 ncaa tournament resume in 7 straight appearances. that’s all i’m saying. 
thank you @ nyportuguese for allowing us to be a part of this project. 
i liked a @ youtube video al1ce - can you hear the stars cry 
you need the xbox chat adapter an audio splitter and a 4 pole 3.5mm audio cable 
omg she talked about how baby sara doesn't exist anymore and how she's mad about that like i feel like everyone forgot that barry literally erased a baby out of existence 
it's nice of you to backup you're boyfriend's stance on things, but saying he has four people in his camp is silly. spencer has a lot of friends and supporters around the world, today won't change that. what may change is the public event track, but we'll see. 
millennials more likely than seniors to fall for online scams: a new report says fake check… 
good evening! it is 7pm and here is a look at temperatures across the area. #wvwx #vawx 
i dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives. 
yeah,the truth is a shit 
we had a great time riding to fort pickens today in pensacola, florida! i love riding with my… 
i always get the feeling you could do with seeing some pictures of a plane to help with your designs. note how at the back they have little wings on the tail too, that they handily call stabilisers. they might help to stabilise things a little 
do you think every journalist in the room gets to ask a question? send in someone who doesn't preach and simply asks a question and records the response. you know like they taught them at journalism school. 
she makes my body feel things a lot of good things … 
@ neglectedbanana havent heard anything off onion rat in a day lol and news fam 
if your a uber driver or lyft who complains, stfu and clock off mf, you drive when you want to #uberpassengeradvice 
i liked a @ youtube video live stream with r. wayne steiger, dr. claudia albers and planet x news 3/5/18 
reminder last date for payment is sat 17th march. if not paid, your name will be removed from the list to give others a chance to go. 
hi megan. my email is fb linked: … phone 805-636-0747 (but i don't hear so well) i'm at the motley a couple times a week (i have the only laminated, lifetime free coffee card for the motley). :) cheers 
i liked a @ youtube video swiping tinder & playing fortnite! 9999+ wins. 
what's a growth team? 
its funny how certain songs can bring back such great memories of such trashy people and still put a smile on your face 
when your fav band starts a second usa tour and forgets to pop over to europe/uk... don’t forget all your fans @ bonjovi @ jonbonjovi lotta jovi love over the pond. 
the swift protocol is a dao-based protocol that implements a universal basic income (ubi) … abstract the swift protocol is an implementation of a decentralized autonomous organization (dao) 
insightful (i am not a benedict option person; nevertheless a good interview) christian life in exile | the american conservative … via @ amconmag 
lmao your a fool 
do you ever budge a new book in front of your book list you want to read, because you want to read it that bad? cuz same. 
my dad’s a mechanic so i’m good, thanks 
happy national cereal day from sunbelt bakery! no, we did not make it up, but we’re all about it. granola on yogurt, as a snack, as a dessert topping, you name it! #givemeallthegranola #entry #granola - 
don’t pickup hitchhikers near a prison 
i liked a @ youtube video r/creepyasterisks top posts | creepy people of reddit 
i know it’s a wednesday night, but i’ve been dying to open another new wine i bought for its interesting name and label... 
@ marthamaccallum good afternoon! good luck on @ thestoryfnc your doing an "awesome" job on @ foxnews this week...as always! keep up the good work. prayers you and your family have a wonderful and safe evening. stay warm & god bless! #thestory 
in just a moment on @ cbsmiami, details on the gun bill that just passed and @ defede explains why this is a big loss for the nra in florida. 
hmmm didn't think about that...a cool down, nerf the amount of hp it heals by 50%...buff enemy attacks. it's a start? 
i liked a @ youtube video people i hate 
he never gives interviews. if at all he gives one, the interviewer asks some questions previously greed upon and the interviewer seems to be praising modi most of the time. one tough question asked was 'how do you have so much energy?'. that's a tough one. mushrooms? 
#mtgdom non-rician scriptures {2}{black}{black} enchantment - transmission i—place a +1/+1 counter on at most one target creature. the creature additionally becomes an artifact. ii—destroy all non-artifact creatures. iii—exile all cards in all opponent's graveyards. 
not because it’s not viable or a nice relationship or whatever but because i literally cannot stand the thought of rey wasting her time on a romantic arc 
yeeeaaahh i think the original cartoon will remain the best for a while … 
tyrann mathieu, here at @ nflnetwork thursday, said he and agent spoke with cardinals thursday. they asked him to take a pay cut. 
a master of docker no less... 
mcdonalds in brazil actually thought the best way to celebrate international women's day was by staffing their stores with only females. the men had a day off.... 
no...the topic of this entire thread is on creationism/evolution...it stemmed from ken hamm's post...and shared dna among species is evolution...you switched to abiogenesis...which all evidence points to...but you actually don't have a point...just antagonism 
rob, occasions like tonight's cowboy's home game where it was heading for a sellout before all the beautiful rain stopped many of us from getting there might be a good future place to lobby and hand out information about how to petition for a separate north queensland territory? 
and represent a loss of jobs. companies that purchase this materials for the manufacture of goods has reprted it may have to lsy ppl of in order to break even. tariff not terrif 
my mom said she would but i'm not sure if my dad will get the tickets yet; if he does, i'll definitely go in a heartbeat! 
i was making a yin yang reference but i feels u. i typically only whistle when i’m trying to get my dogs attention 
he has a 9 mill dead cap hit on the jets still yes 
excuse me, v's color is not that brown, but the picture below is a picture taken during the interview that looks very similar to real skin color! :) 
why are they such a mood 
i have a tyrod jersey. we could put that name plate on it 
belu lucius va a ser mamá, va a ser mamá. no puedo mas de amor 
drinking a son of a baptist (valentine) by @ epicbrewing @epic brewing denver — #photo 
halloween 2017 emme as chuckie finster from the rugrats @west yarmouth, massachusetts 
you said lake district was poorest place in england. i proved it aint. you said you don't care. called out. 
if i am the browns... i can't trade for taylor and draft another qb in the first. i'm not a fan of either of those qbs. besides future wr l. jackson 
it gave you life experience and taught you how to work efficiently with a team!!!! 
i died 4 off a 25 killstreak in ironsight. i need me a nuke in this game lol @unkonzious 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist adorable kids at spn cons 
i love it! i've learned so much! the insults have been breathtakingly beautiful and when you all come together it's like watching a masterpiece appear before my eyes! xx 
the future is selling girl scout cookies please invent a new nnid for my japanese 3ds or just use my american one... 
why would you sign a player who misses 5 games a season through nits 
i do hate to kill those though, but it must be done. we had a beautiful huge widow once and it hurt to kill her but also can’t leave her with us and the kid running around. i thought about catch and release somewhere but ultimately decided to neutralize the threat. 
prop clocks all say 10 to 2. it's a set. it's all quite staged - but good! 
need a third selection= both 
no tf. i got a husband tf. he wouldn’t appreciate you asking me that 
i liked a @ youtube video paper mate write bros. pens featuring johnny brown 
i love scrolling through @ suspiciousnoodl's artwork. watching their avatar's steady evolution is a pretty fun experience. the steady shift of species and specifics; it's kinda like watching one of those "rise of man" slideshows. 
steinem...shut up and go on a cruise somewhere. let some other more significant and effective role model emerge. you and your ilk are part of the reason and problem that we are where we are today. if you were so good, so effective - why don't we have more congresswomen then? 
not sure if its a trap … #futuramafry #fry #meme 
is the uk becoming a dictatorship? 
qui a connu nightwish ici ptdr 
you left me for a man, u showed ya hand. 
voy a llorar ctm #thewingstourinchile1year 
i liked a @ youtube video battlefield 1 trick reload in real life with the mosin nagant? 
what about a... 
what is a kpop but center bottom is me going insane thx 
it was a red, but i reckon thomson was just trying to make sure his fellow fans heard him. 
im taking a bite of my beautiful homemade grilled cheese on egg challa bread cooked to perfection in a panini press when this shit just falls out on to my plate 
arrived fashionably late so missed the queues - disappointed with photo op, £120 for 3 seconds with norman and i didn’t even get chance to say hi due to being rushed in and out. spent a fortune on merch though #walkerstalkerlondon2018 #walkerstalkerlondon @ 
how cnn functions as a digital media company 
blessed to have so many good graduate students over the years in team paleo. @ chrisatx played a key role in the transition from usf to ut. great to see you paying it forward with next generation of scientists at tamu. long may you run! 
on yeah. i’m really looking forward to this year. i think we’ll surprise a lot of people, especially if the young starters take that next step 
due to cancellation of school for tuesday march 13 any student who purchased a ticket at school and will ride... 
real talk got mine about a month ago now and i'm following the same path lolol! it's just two completely different experiences. 
teams rpi-skipped by uga to host: duke, depaul, iowa, buffalo, green bay, mizzou, marquette. someone once told me an actual excuse they got from a committee member when a very marginal uga team got in was "it wouldn't be the tournament without andy landers." so, yeah. 
behind the scenes, obama is pushing this anti-trump republican to mount a primary challenge against trump - … - @ dcstatesman 
germany’s world cup kit is a thing of beauty! #germany 
i bet there was a scene phase somewhere 
too beautiful not to double post! antipasto inspired pizza with a fig balsamic glaze 
i hope you have opted to use 9mm loads and firearms.arger guns and load a make it all more difficult. 
mina? my little baby is going to be in a movie? 
i get so confused when u bought a sketch book with em all 
get rich quickers have alts and ico's to play with, and those that want to build a peer to peer electronic cash system can. what's happened has given people choice for participation. i'm happy grq'ers have moved out, more space to do the work, plant seeds for cash growth. 
help me win a gaming pc from xidax! 
my viewing experience in a nutshell 
i liked a @ youtube video what mdma feels like 
my sense is @ tgowdysc has been “a good soldier” for the @ housegop and @ devinnunes used him and maybe even lied to him in order to get cleared through the ethics charges and has decided he has had … 
i liked a @ youtube video the better elder scrolls - tes: oblivion - part 1 
hes a thiccque one 
i liked a @ youtube video ksiolajidebt plays | among the sleep 
take it from a former british eu negotiator—may will regret destroying trust in these negotiations … via @ prospect_uk 
found a transponder snail! a tearful farewell: the going merry's last voyage. 
@ ali_nejad such chaos at the table. grab the bullhorn and tell them to keep the conversations to a minimum of two at a time!!! 
hahah im at a loss idk how to do it but thanks buddy!!! 
if it's reported it will be blamed on alp state governments, muslims or union thuggery. or it will be spun to the benefit of #fascistlnp. these mongrels adept at rolling turds in glitter, putting them on a stick & selling "popsicles" to credulous voters #auspost 
i have at this point. not necessarily for the book but more story telling than a descriptive analytical thing. mostly just saved on the hard drive so far but i have one thing i am pondering trying to sell for publication somewhere... but it's complicated heh. 
i, too, have been embarrassed by my parallel parking skills a time or six 
yeah this looks like undercooked fries on a safeway roll 
agree. back in the day the hawks received 2 #1s for fredd young. earl is worth more than young by a long ways. 
"tweet a retro game you love with no explanation and nominate 5 others to do the same." @ toasty_bd @ realwhchocolate @hbawhiteywhite @ kamaalharris 
can’t forget a nice cold one enjoyed with the boys while the wind blows thru ur hair 
can you be nominated as an economic adviser by the rest of the drivers to nascar? seems like you have a better handle on it than anyone else, and you’re the most vocal. 
the flying machine - smile a little smile for me … 
what’s that got to do with parkland murderer who the fbi , the school administration and the local sheriffs office ignored all the clear signs of a deranged person bent on murdering children and teachers? he wasn’t an nra member. he passed background check because fbi allowed it. 
jonghyun's "i just need a..." is soooo underrated!! figth me!! 
first 20-miler since october is in the books. despite sinking into a hole covered with leaves… 
every time i see videos of people interacting with or petting wild animals even in “controlled” settings i get super fucking nervous. there’s a big difference between picking up a house gecko and trying to touch a seal or raccoon. doing this stuff puts them at risk as well as you 
boi is definitely a gender neutral term 
for some, love does funny things to the brain. for others, it can be a guiding force in life: 
march 24th in over a hundred locations. 
this is what a “leader” looks like @ ndjacknolan, @ ndmikebrey & @ tnoiendi 
there is a rainbow outside right now and it’s so beautiful 
@ twitter excludes conservative parkland student @ kylekashuv from the discussion despite his meetings with legislators and efforts toward a bipartisan solution … 
picked edinburgh by 4 and cardiff by 8 so i'll take both winning by 6, perk up the superbru a bit... 
having a headache, is the maddest thing. 
everyone needs a spirit animal! 
i liked a @ youtube video prs paul reed smith john mayer silver sky | why is everybody so bent out of shape? 
it def looks like a schiff reply.. look and arduous 
between the pace and lack of shooting it’s borderline unwatchable unless you’re with a group. the group atmosphere makes the tourney imo. 
a bit of anglosplaining colonialism from robert the fud there. 
me and my friends did a dance to this song in 6th grade and i had no idea this song was about sex 
i see a familiar face! @ 
he who hesitates is thrown in a steel cage with a metal probe in his ass. 
arree a bailar 
@ pbbunny97 just a daily reminder of how much i adore you 
come to green bay. weidner center. we’re a bit farther north than detroit. 
not a good idea to “piss off” the president, either, sweetie. 
thank you. god uses you. must know when i have an off day. not really a bad one, just struggle to keep in trusting mode or happier. 
can't wait to see the same mothafuckers wearing those "kiss me, i'm irish" shirts to be rockin sombreros in a little over a month. #justsayin #nationalityviaalchoholism 
you like krishna? achutam keshavam is a blessing then! melodious...didn't know you were a hindu and practice it :-) — thank you, i am playing it now.... the flute in the beginning . i really admire bollywood songs d... … 
can i get a code and i followed and retweeted and liked gl everuone 
que duro es extrañar a venezuela aun estando en ella. extrañar esos amaneceres con un café con leche y un trozo de pan. los almuerzos de mis abuelas con un plato donde no faltaban las tajadas extraño mi país, extraño la gente que fuimos y que hoy solo parecemos sobrevivientes. 
if things continue like this, i don’t see very significant civil unrest as being a far distant reality. … 
nadja 44 was a great episode. i'll have to see what will ultimately become of nadja's choice here, so much still lies ahead. 
raf and “a tradition unlike any other” are doing the game, watch what you wish for! 
booked my flight to vegas today and i have a 3.5 hour layover in denver. you already know my conspiracy senses are tingling. 
me in the morning en route to a doctors appointment..... 
icb i paid $35 for a fuckin iphone charger again . capitalism will chew on my bones before it spits me out 
if i have feelings for you im not gonna hide it. love was not meant to be tucked away under a rock. it is only useful if words are teamed with actions. maybe i should wait til i know its reciprocal but i want to tell the world i love mavis <3 
looking for a kelsea ballerini ticket for tomorrow night at the metro. if anyone knows anyone please hmu! 
there’s a difference between the temple knights and the heavens ward. each has their own individual militaries and the former which ser aymeric commands, are chill. but the latter, that answer to thordan, are cucks 
this girl just said bermuda is more of an island than a country i'm fed tf up 
vamo a hacer esto 
haven't busted out a 5 star rating for a new release since hell or high water but you already know i'm dusting that motherfucker off for sicario 2 
woah you’re a property manager @ mhamms in flint michigan!!? i can’t imagine. so you guys can now(as of today) sue the f outta whoever messed that place up? 
get it done on time starting at $5 per page. no plagiarism. always. i am available 24/7. . *retweet to save a life!* 
i’d rather a group of horses kick me until i’m dead than see that. … 
chris brown a real nigga 
people like this kid, with warped views are actually incredibly and absolutely racist. they just don’t understand why. they grew up in a time when race became a national issue- this time for the wrong reasons: used as a tool to pit americans against eachother for political gain. … 
lucky escape: dramatic police dash cam footage captures the moment officers rescue a man from a house fire, seconds… … 
i asked someone for a professional letter of recommendation and he told me “you right it as good as you need it, i’ll sign” highly disappointed! 
im doing a group order if interested!! … 
drinking a prohibition pilsner by temperance row brewing co. @temperance row brewing — 
we would never begrudge anyone for adjusting their pledge, but for one brief moment (so brief we didn’t catch a screencap) we broke $20,000 that’s how close we are right this very second! … 
@ cerritosfalcons baseball drops fourth straight close game, this one a 2-1, 11-inning setback against host @ eccwarriors. the teams will square off on thursday at 2:30 p.m. at kincaid 
flaps deploying. a.a. a319: via @ youtube 
your lady bears did it again! 2-1 victory over a very skilled and strong cy-woods! a whole team effort with 2 beautiful goals by kaileigh duncan. #wtd #bridgelandfirstclass #gobears 
if you thought you was special! try a frosty at wendy's & a blunt! 
one time sadie and i asked if we could get a picture with gavin and they asked him and he looked at us and said “no” and i’ve never been so honored to get rejected 
it was a long time ago and i don't remember all the steps. even after i said delete, it said it would be available should i change my mind. to this day if i click on a link to fb page, it tries to get me back. fb is insidious. try here. … 
had both m+f morgan & trying for chrom now. got a much better morgan (m) copy. which i’d hoped for but chrommmmmmm come hooome! the game got my hopes up with that pesky 4* roy animation lol whyyyy 
just got tatted a month ago and already itching for another one. 
thank you for your great videos me and my 4 year old love to watch my hubby is even a fan now #trackersummergiveaway! 
sure that’s a brilliant strategy for 2020. take $ out of hard working american pockets. brilliant. solid platform. maga how out of touch with the american people are the left? bizarre. 
found a transponder snail! after two years, luffy is making moves again! 
my brother the beat maker and that. listen to aberrations by the black orpheus or ur a bum … 
nope. not supporting a gun trafficking organization. 
trading martin/kj apa/julia/ halsey/crystal/fergie/rosie h-w/tove lo/harry/cara d/ josh h/ kris jenner/noah s/tøp dms ; trade trading ffs free follows celeb netflix big ig acc paypal money harry styles access tweetdeck iggy a 
i don't believe in an interventionist god but i know, darling, that you do but if i did i would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you not to touch a hair on your head to leave you as you are and if he felt he had to direct you then direct you into my arms... 
a sign of life in my garden! 
need beats!? to all emcees out there, in search for grimy, boom bab heavy drumz soul orchestra type production , look no further!! i have a new batch of beats for ur current /future project. me @... … 
i once considered being a palm reader. on one hand, i thought i might make a fortune but on the other hand, i couldn't really see a future in it. 
of course he greets her casually— as if he hasn’t been presumed dead for a while. ❝yo! wassup, mona!❞ palm waving towards the petite female. 
"we ain't got to put a title to this wave" #titlewave ft gud_asf out now xcii ft gudatit- title… 
now i'm going to wake up from a nap and come back to reality and realize tigers are not that good 
a new youtube channel of mifods ): … interesting talks spanning theory, math and statistics! 
an hour before the @ clarkcountysch board meeting about the proposed gender-diverse policy, there’s already a crowd outside the auditorium. 
sages improve to 7-0 after beating oakwood 14-3. @ sagesbaseball was led by wileaver who had 4 rbi’s with a double & triple. wittig got the win. he allowed six hits and three runs over four and a third innings, striking out three. #gosages #flythem sages host westville on 
so this dude i'm not mentioning in the probably-futile hope of not showing up in his self-searches seems like kind of a dick, huh? … 
bolton as a war hawk and regular fox commentator was a great critic of our national security apparatus but as its director will be an absolute disaster. for america it's like grenade practice where somebody got mixed up and threw the pin with the grenade still in his hand. 
it’s nothing more beautiful then people who have the same vision as you the bro sent the beat n didn’t ask for money ain’t ask for a ticket nothing he simply said make him proud 
it's the gd white house - $31,000 is not that out of line. in fact it's not bad in context. replacing curtains in a room at wh could run $15,000. always drama 
i just saw a loyola player execute a “face guard” box out. he didn’t get the rebound, but his man sure didn’t. that’s why they are still playing. 
conrad appel is a weird dude. never allows disagreement. blocks tons of voters on twitter. sues people regularly. hopeless. … 
everytime i see a post with anything to do with eating ass i automically think of sophie 
zabeen hirji shares why she's excited to be the chair of @ civicactiongtha: 1. civicaction is the neutral sandbox that convenes people to tackle our city's most pressing issues. 2. civicaction is on a mission to change the face of leadership. we want to make change faster. 
a big ol’ nothing burger across the stat sheet for ol dragon again 
lol— what a shock! your puppet committee says you weren’t guilty, and they blame obama. yawn. btw, so what reward are you giving devin nunes, mr. president? or is he being blackmailed right along with you? 
just got home from nc. went down to get away from the snow. two days after arival it snowed. just my luck, went out and bought a lottery ticket, didn't win with that ether. 
i liked a @ youtube video petite asian teen in security uniform striptease 
like you take a month to fix everything and you a day to say goodbye. that would be perfect. 
you could win the lottery, destroy a series and just pretend that season never happened #dansdead #thingsroseannetaughtme 
don’t make a sound while you watch three a quiet place clips: the #horror thriller opens in theaters on april 6 the post don’t make a sound while you watch three a quiet place clips appeared first on … 
today’s show one i definitely won’t forget! things went a bit wrong (the show being stopped after the first dance) it was still the most amazing show! let’s not forget the audience participation part of course my favourite part with alan! @ otimabuse @ ianwaite @ mariusmabuse 
i just died to a bum ass nigga with that gun. cuh wasn’t even good … 
nah it’s a mom who isn’t tryna spend money thing lol hate to break it to y’all 
we will be watching alot of #ultra20 on #youtube. and watching for updates from #wondercon! it's a full weekend hanging out on the couch. 
sometimes you just have to die a little inside in order to be reborn and rise again as a stronger and wiser version of you. 
show toda hr tem , sobe a forte @ 
a lot of radios there. tv is just tucked away. 
depois desse show prometo ouvir smoke + mirrors com carinho #imaginedragonsnomultishow 
dude is gritty and is a proven winner. 
deleting if it's a flop 
july 15th canada's prime rate cut by 0.5 per cent - a commentary by #agentjum #abodepm #zerovacancytips #agentjumie 
things to remember - be present for each play and make sure your players have a teachable spirit. @ pitmanpride @ pridegirlsbball @ … 
i'm out at a club and couldn't find the primary sources at short notice so i let ellis make my argument for me haha 
feel for oz media today. so quick to attack other sporting nations on the slightest whim. now their cricket side blatantly cheat -including the captain - and try to hide it. i’m sure they’ll rise to the challenge and find a way to make sure it was all south africa’s fault though 
someone gave me a sachet of ultra green coffee. not my cup of tea. errrr... coffee. 
such a pleasure to see you! i loved the cinematography session too … 
no females can’t run game on me. i’m a season veteran 
“i will give you a chu” get this demon away from me 
it's not too late to register for the bgsg field trip in new orleans--black geographies past and present: a visit to the whitney plantation and the black geographies city tour. monday, april 9. promises to be excellent, so sign up now via the aag website! 
celebrate spring with and @ sweepsdbcom by entering this giveaway for a chance to win $25 amazon gift card or paypal #sweepsdbspring #sweepstakes #giveaway #entertowin 
not every form of release is healthy. and our fandom has a disproportionate tendency to allow and at times outright encourage severely unhealthy or dangerous behaviors. artists like my husband bear the worst of it, getting sexually harassed/threatened several times a week. 
ikaw din if you're hurting or anything that causes you to sleep with a heavy heart, kaya mo yan 
my boss just made me roasted in the oven with a lil olive oil and garlic and carrots #yummy - she used the frozen florets 
b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l … 
@ gamblinghurts i personally think it is very easy for people to jump on a bandwagon and claim an addiction or as you said earlier a mental problem but in general is society that messed up? you’ll always find a way to spend your cash. 
author, don't give your character a magic get-out-of-jail ring and spend the rest of the book explaining why it shouldn't be used. i get that it symbolizes avoidance of responsibilities, but it kinda ruins the narrative. 
i liked a @ youtube video silva - infinito particular (bhaskar remix) [clipe oficial] 
rapper dmx counting on rap to beat the rap at his sentencing: a lawyer for dmx plans to use… 
ohhhh jezzus christ all mighty, what a photo!! the tears and all!!! lighting, juxtaposition!!! oh oh my!! 
miss it, but don’t miss a certain one x 
the 4 senior beagles pulled by a shelter friend. please donate for their care on our website donate button they are going to need lots of extra vet care … 
everyday i see a grown azz man’s booty hole on my tl and i’m tired 
ok i am not religious but a little guilty of a few of those... i believe in knowing & acknowledging love languages, have my apps sorted by color and i also love podcasts 
and she tastes just like a peach 
our language is not a barrier for our love mahal ko kayong lahat army #armylanguagesday 
i liked a @ youtube video crossmap deagle shot! | fortnite highlights #1| @marvbryy 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist minecraft: um novo shinobi! - naruto orespawn ep. 11 ‹ dengoso › 
my birthday gift from @ missysidney came in today. it's a canvas map of westeros! it'll look great next to my canvas map of middle earth! 
31: i've had 1 girlfriend for 3 years, then a boyfriend for about 2 months and then now currently with my amazing boyfriend. 
whats ur mood? u feelin like a rock? 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist minecraft: a besta de uma calda! - naruto orespawn ep. 6 ‹ dengoso 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist minecraft: jutsu bola de fogo! - naruto orespawn ep. 4 ‹ dengoso › 
some people don’t understand the skin they are blessed with. i love being tanned but guess what i can only use it once in a blue moon because i have eczema. call me casper the pissed off ghost 
watching the spanish dub of kakegurui and i can without a doubt say that the same 6 people have been making the spanish dubs of everything for the past 30 years 
i’d love to be a beta reader for you. i have done this before for a friend who wrote a novel. 
it’s been 84 years since we got a pic of jerrie, what a blessing, it’s going to be a great year 
amazon crushed it with same day shipping. i needed a projector. ordered last night and got it this morning with plenty of time before meetup. that was super solid. 
i love making a difference in somebody's life. #happiness #kindnessmatters 
the simpsons had a similar theory a very long time ago 
honestly a legend that’s just facts 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist guitar r&b instrumental beat - "your love" 
i used links from credible sources, one a left wing news station and you still refute them. the obama administration gave money to our enemies. that’s a fact. the only argument you have left is to tell me cnn is using fox talking points? pathetic. 
always a pleasure any support is welcome see: 
i'd be okay with profit sharing my private data. like ok facebook you can sell the fact that i like to eat grilled cheese sammies on tuesday to advertisers, just give me a lil kick back. 
if you never had a signature at the end of your text you too young for me 
you’ll get thru life a lot easier putting self first … 
these 10 (100% naturally sourced) elements have been molecularly charged through a patent-applied proprietary manufacturing process to positively influence the red blood cells at a molecular level inducing increased osmotic pressure and intra-cellular homeostasis. 
he's a con artist basically. its horrid 
i’d like to thank my question of love course for helping me understand a lot of the literary references in blue is the warmest color 
i wish i had a time machine 
damn it...and magic johnson was about to tell a great story on the espn broadcast...stupid dp! … 
nuremberg demonstrated that the "following orders" claim does not mean you aren't a war criminal. 
all they need is a wake up call. 
back in my day we called a keto diet the aitkins diet. 
better three hours too soon than a minute too late. 
i liked a @ youtube video subaru wrx review (awd performance pt.2) - everyday driver 
hi @ sp4joelleeyork! thanks for the follow! i just wanted to send you a quick video and say "hi!" 
that’s crazy. like it’s your fault they give it away to a bunch of people for free. 
i like when people try to tell me something im doing is wrong when i know 1000% for a fact what im doing is right lol 
i liked a @ youtube video brazucas naturalizados vs seleção brasileira - fifa experimentos 
actually, i believe governor greitens is forging a *third* way you may find opening before you, whatever you decide. 
i liked a @ youtube video the smallest jumpshot triple 
sorry for the late post...just saw this. the 29th was actually vietnam veterans day and we did post a few things to recognize that... but a day late... here is the... … 
met a group of people returning from delhi with green thundu. not farmers but we're paid 2000 per head to come and stand in komanam in delhi. (experience from a family member). farmer my foot. this joker's lie will be busted soon. 
we had a store in jacksonville florida poisoning our community. citizens were being arrested for possession, hospitalized and murdered … 
lax accountemps salaried professional services staffing executive: job requisition lax accountemps salaried professional services staffing executive location ca lax job description job summary the staffing executive is a very unique role within rhi,… 
he's had a bit tysons pablo 
the classic bounce up and down and yell the lyrics in a hot sweaty room club 
you got a headache from that miserable golf game. whoever invented it is a sadist. rest up and feel better. 
casssshhhhhh!!!! astros ml a 30 unit fire play winner. we are 17-1 last 18 fire plays. we literally cannot lose !!! 
like its 2 am on a sunday. man keep your w. im not doing this rn. 
スコープバグ辛い(´×ω×`) 
a sacred month [update] 
i think bert called caleb joseph a "leading lady" and i don't even know & now bert says that's a latroy thing wut. 
i don’t understand why a team would shift on freddie and leave the entire left center field gap wide open 
happy birthday to the dad of all dads and one of my best friends! hope it’s a good one jimbo. love you bro @ 
me: ready player one is a joyless nostalgia mashup cash-grab also me: 
team lead call transfer: job description what will i be doing? as a team lead call transfer you would be responsible for executing your position’s responsibilities in alignment with our spirit of service culture and driving company success through… 
i see why these names take off. i guess it appeals to the younger audience which rocket leagues viewership has a large majority of. just makes me cringe a little inside when i hear them and i don't think it's good from a professionalism standpoint haha 
may today be a great day 
yanchens a bottom change my mind 
here’s a map and here’s a bible, if you lose your way. 
had the 1st pick in my baseball fantasy league - took jose berrios. someone commented what a stupid move it was. jose pitched a complete game shutout today. 
if you have a small business, are you looking for some articles to read about marketing stuff? go to for some easy reading about cool topics like seo, creative pursuits and much more. #read 
thank you, dear babs!! i hope you have had a beautiful easter sunday!! 
#goirish travel, forrizzle? can i see a replay. 
does the article break down immigrants by legal/illegal as well as by country of origin? from a cursory glance it appears it does not which would make it an incomplete study at best. 
have you ever wanted to do all the things in a relationship ... but not put the title on it , becuase same 
false creek-fairview 8.1°c falling slowly • dry and cool with a gentle breeze • barometer steady • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
i bring up abortion, because it is a very good example of double standards. you demand unlimited rights to an abortion, but wish to severely curtail my god-given right, to own whatever property (or weapons) i choose 
#blackadderbot as far as i can tell, the message was he's got a terrible lion up his end so there's an advantage to an enema at once 
my son’s school has metal detectors, so giving these kids a freaking clear backpack seems ridiculous to me and insulting to these kids who survived a mass shooting. that’s my 2 cents. 
and mine’s a representation of my life 
yep...we got hit in ct also. cleaned a good 5 or so inches off my car mid-morning and a few hours later it was almost gone everywhere else. 
what a smart man. 
@ realdonaldtrump needs to grow a pair. is he a flake and can’t answer little tough questions? 
this is called "invisible funnel" - a secret method to sell effectively without appearing salesy. watch this in action vía @ kyvio 
everybody is in a nasty mood rn and i’m just sitting here eating chips like back tf way from, idk if your shitty vibes or contagious 
win vs atown 8-3. wp- e blucker r neal was 1-3, 3b and 4 rbis a villareal with inside park hr bland,sampson, and campbell all had mulitiple hits. #silverstreaks #focus #dialin 
if you’re a nra member, the left will call you “complicit to child murder.” if you’re a racist, murdering communist, the left will call you “controversial” … 
for sure unraveling of ambitious part of efficiency standards highly material. but ditto materiality on us net exports. harder to be market force if you are using a lot more oil domestically. 
wanna give a giant shout out to @ thattechshop for sponsoring me get your computer accessories, grips, chargers, phonecases even stickers use the code headhoncho09 and get 20% off #smallstreamer @ twitchsharers @ twitchshare @ twitch_sharer @ twitchsharer @ retweet_twitch 
stormy daniels' attorney is asking the treasury department to release information it may have about a $130,000 payment the porn actress received from trump's personal lawyer. 
combi ovens market expected to behold a cagr of 10.3% through 2017-2027 
you know how boring people that don’t have social media are, why would you want a spouse that’s uncultured 
i have a picture of tetora nagumo sa ved on my phone that's apparently so high definition it's 4mb 
if you want a good laugh tell a hegelian you're in dialectical behavioral therapy 
no but something you don’t do in a relationship because it’s disrespectful … 
now the #larams need to get their edge rusher and i strongly believe @ uchennan_42 would be a great fit in wade phillip’s defense … 
i hate that people wanna ruin someone’s shine because of shit said a while back... let the man shine … 
not arguing that at all but the eto was a european war. as a result, it took time to get americans, who were inclined to isolationism at that time, to get involved in a foreign war. 
hamas is a political party. any criticism by western media that it is “just a terrorist group” or “isis-like” is as fraudulent as possible. it literally is the anc model 
since men lead them, unregulated, untaxed.....a potential abusive mess. jesus was wise enough to tell us he is our only teacher. 
being the girlfriend of a guy who works third shift is some rough stuff. 
that’s a joke, right. 
i have been softblocked by a person i’ve talked to for weeks and i don’t understand why i thought we had something special charot ㅋㅋㅋ 
it’s been so long since i’ve painted my nails a color other than black and i feel so happy 
they were able to spend years together where they have great memories along with a child!! and instead of being bitter they decided to give each other a chance to more happiness even if it’s apart. 
do they fucking show up anywhere else please. a dad and his son 
< it was keeping them from a lot of moments together. 
i feel lucky to have had the pleasure of meeting you both and looking back on the experience of meeting you guys, the influence definitely shows. thanks for making a fan feel as appreciated by you as you are to them. 
i’m so excited to learn from my amazing friend roman nowak in an online webinar in just a few minutes. @ nowakro 
marlena is having a busy day, first val, now abby. love seeing her in doctor mode dishing life advice, diagnosing mental disorders and such. #days 
someone please record this episode that ally is in and upload it to youtube or something after its over bc i'm busy working on a project thx 
@ poole_mhs is it too late me for me to enroll in one of the 2021 officers i couldn't go on wednesday because i was too busy and had to re-tale a test 
i have a easter basket full of candy...should i smash or nah?? 
canadian radio plays quite a bit uk stuff so this isn’t surprising. 
a little more work balancing this painting of my daughter and her puppy. . . . #landscape… 
i wouldnt mind adding origen but im not a fannof tertulian! 
i feel honored to have been told that i look like lisa bonet, you (alicia keys), kerry washington, aaliyah haughton, have eyes like janet jackson (my mom told me this), and a smile like michael jackson. i might as well be a celebrity, lol. love you alicia 
so conor smashed a bus that khabib was on and the pussy was too scared to step out 
i do my main shopping at morrison’s they can go fk themselves now, is there any large supermarket that has not jumped on the halal bandwagon?why when islam is supposed to be a bloody minority in this country, i’m fkn sick this it’s getting harder& harder to find non halal al food 
rt: we live in a generation where people are so afraid of looking stupid that they'd rather not even try..... 
sanitation as a non-drug intervention is a powerful tool for malaria eradication. fighting behavour resistance is as much as important as parasites and vectors resistance. 
nope, that exists in a few maps 
been on a hiatus. feel like crawling back into it. 
your energy is charming... you could heal a broken heart with that voice #kover #kofriends 
@ realdonaldtrump both of these departments are making a mockery of our laws, you can change this. make an open announcement that devin nunes will see rosenstein on any documents unredacted and if he is handed any redacted documents it will cost rosenstein his job immediately 
a friend of mine said something similar when christie got passed over for vp in favor of pence: "christie's like the girl who spent the whole school year giving the varsity quarterback bjs only to have him ask the cheerleader to the prom." 
kennedy curse is for a reason. they earned and deserve it. 
celebrating 5 de mayo - @ llvclub may 2-6, 2018 we still have 2 rooms left for our may 5th event ... what are you waiting for? book today and prepare to meet hedonism in a different way ... llv style!! 
keeping himself sat up, he moved his hands onto astoria's lower back and captured a nipple into his mouth to suck on it. "mhm..." oh, salazar did she feel incredible. the blond did his best to thrust up into her with more vigor, knowing the » 
they had a threesome and she waited for him to wake up! holy shit! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist star wars black kid vine 
i liked a @ youtube video nahson! - party time (ft. shadow t.) 
you are a magnificent being. your light is shining into this world with the utmost respect to who you are. you are here, in this moment, to move forward with confidence. 
it's a great time to subscribe to the coffee sprudgecast - sprudge 
sis is gonna wear a nun outfit for tour — and she gunna rip it off during into it … 
and here we have an example of a sick bastard wishing that people and property are severely damaged. all because he has a small dick. fucking state of the left. trump 2020 … 
car crashes into multiple homes on green bay's west side green bay, wis. (wfrv) - a vehicle crashed into multiple homes on green bay's west side just after four saturday afternoon. the green bay police… 
that is messed up. i don't think that was in the sentencing. wrong is wrong ergo prison but a deal is a deal. $2- to put your life on the line 
i’m at a 8 year olds birthday party and all the kids are recording and taking selfies with the birthday girl 
you covering this for the athletic or there as a fan? 
i liked a @ youtube video sale!! roblox: dance your blox off ~ ballet & hip hop 
i won the i'm a legend achievement in assassin's creed origins for 28 #trueachievement 
you should post that on a pc master race forum. i would get a chuckle out of the responses. 
i liked a @ youtube video draft breakdown! new york metapods draft! adrive army battle league s4 
this is a perfect example of not knowing what you're saying. wilcox is not a kid nor a prospect. he's a veteran ahl player to backup ullmark. 
you deserve to be a champion. 
how can u not smile when you see a dog leaning out of a car window 
never go to new orleans if you have a streak. #wrestlemania #wrestlemania34 
what a match! what a moment at the end of the match! charlotte & asuka killed it! #wrestlemania 
they changed their un but it’s r/a/plinet they never apologized for this tweet and treat it like a joke whenever people call them out... 
a young couple was called to heaven before they could be married. the disappointed groom took st .peter aside and asked him if it was possible for them to be married. "i'm afraid you'll have to wait," st. peter... … 
i won 4 achievements in the walking dead - a new frontier (win 10) for 168 #trueachievement … 
i mean if you can get to one commercial break it’s a miracle. and so many public places has this s?!/ on. 
yes!! asuka finally took a l 
last year i was in orlando for mania. this year i'm in bridgeton. shoot for the moon. reach for the rainbow. have a dream in a scheme. 
@ mojobynum you can't handle texas believe me you'll be lost, in the lone star state, get a job 
wrestlemania off to a great start. loved the asuka/charlotte match - that belt should never come off of charlotte. streak was causing the woman’s division to become too predictable 
thank you for reaching out to us today. i will assist you from here. what can i do for you this evening? if you need to send me account information, please do so in a private message. ^cm 
hi sisters rt to be in a fun gc u have to -stan cimorelli -don’t let it die 
(1) to help with this article, we created a brand new facebook account, as a test case. guess what? countless settings do not protect users by default. … 
“get paid to drive a jeep” translation •pay a $700 start up fee •$240 every month after that •get 3 people to join and be sure they get 3 people to join •buy a jeep with your $500 jeep bonus (if someone drops out and isnt replaced have fun with ur jeep payment for that month) … 
i liked a @ youtube video twice "what is love?" m/v 
pretty sure my mind is so frazzled all the time cos once when i was little i stuck a pair of tweezers in an electrical outlet 
i haven’t eaten dairy in a week and i’m still not in a stable relationship with clear skin and direct career goals isn’t that how this is supposed to work 
yuuri takes his time with opening the box, mumbling to himself as he tries to figure out what it is. he sees a piece of cloth and pulls it out, revealing the front of it and reading. "daddy's little buddy?" he looks at yura with a confused, lopsided smile. "what's going on?" 
a bit difficult and i think they lady needs a brain. trump stated cohen was not working for him which put cohen up the creek without a paddle. … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist seven kayne - si te lastimé (video oficial) 
i liked a @ youtube video the savage nation april 9,2018 podcast - michael savage nation 4/9/18 full show 
a concordance is a dunghill: eye-popping and shiftless 
why do people always ask me if it’s weird that my best friend is a lesbian 
i don't want to be mean but i'm wondering if you are just a hopeless romantic, in love with this idea. mueller is a horrible and wicked man. 
the nine: us girls had no idea what was so funny ... and here i was thinking i was telling a really funny story … 
my baby daddy isn't even going to be in the room, he doesn't want to be and i don't want him to be.. it's strange but i haven't even got a birthing partner yet 
i liked a @ youtube video facebook ceo mark zuckerberg tries to define hate speech 
i liked a @ youtube video fortnite battle royale - gameplay trailer (play free now!) 
what a pleasant surprise 
best thing i've seen in a long time, i thoroughly enjoyed it!! you totally rock!!!!! 
lol me? couldn’t harm a fly 
i hope you are right. but i am not convinced. i'm glad zach's book has been a success, but it's success is surely linked to him having a fanbase that preexists. it will be hard to replicate in the future 
if you guys would ask nicely, then i may answer you.....but you all have been pretty pushy, and rude. a guy called me gay, i was called a bitch by a dog, and a female called me a dick. try being nice. 
10 april 2018 6:58 pm cdt officers responded to a traffic stop at the maze bank office in los santos. the vehicle was let go without any criminal charges. 
i swear if they actually give her that name in a ftwd appearance... 
good evening. we're seeing that your train waited at jay st in order to make connections with arriving a trains. ^hkd 
what are your dreams for the future — career wise, be a makeup artist. not career wise i wanna meet owen teague and bill skarsgård!! … 
this congressman deserves to be run out of town. allowing the nation to be compromised; spreading untruths on tv. not a patriot, sir. … 
paul ryan isn't retiring. he is out to reap the benefits of the business deal he made: making billions for billionaires so they'd make him a millionaire for life. 
he's just mad he's got a hot wife that doesn't want to bang him. 
man being a philly fan takes years off of ya , but i stay true to my teams , they'll come thru soon enough : the eagles for example 
please tell me you didn't stop at a crosswalk fully in order to send this. also ! 
really? have your own wheels or save a grand? 
why is jared kushner involved in nafta talks and why is he going to peru to meet with ceo's when he doesn't have a security clearance. @ senategop @ housegop @ … 
a hot take on the bud light rita flavors 
had to go out with bang with a banging prom date can’t wait 
so the doctors office messaged me back and asked what i cut my finger on and if it needs stitches. i cut it on a dog food can so now i know they will say i need a tetanus shot cause i have no clue when i last had one. do people really keep track of when they last had one 
the only other way it could be read, is that prey are not stand-ins for poc, but white people. which is sort of worse, because then it's basically a disney movie lecturing poc about why they shouldn't discriminate against white people. since white people actually did prey of poc. 
have a safe flight we love youuuuu 
so happy james and i got a house in oro valley i’m over the east side lol 
hello 911 i’d like to file a report i’m being threatened … 
been a fan since eight days a week 
wish that would've surprised me-just a little! smh 
have a safe flight! 
this is a stick up 
justin wilson's issues are far easier to fix. he throws 96 mph and is left-handed. that's a great start. he doesn't even need to have "good" command, it just needs to be better than walking a batter per outing. now, if it's in his head forever, that's a big problem. … 
it’s a class! taught by the same guy who teaches the monk class 
aww so cute have a good flight 
it’s such a pretty color i loved having purple hair 
if this is the standard for suspensions this playoffs. there will be a lot of suspensions coming up. i’d say marchand is suspended by game 4. 
snow white had a thing for shorties 
you and me both. to be acknowledged by him would just blow anyone's mind. he is one of my inspirations to try to become an actor. to be able to join him in the ranks of canadian actors would be a dream come true. he totally deserves the deadpool statue without a doubt! 
i just bought a new ferrari f12berlinetta in #csrracing for ios #sweetride. download it for free! 
spot-on call for dops. three-game suspension for kadri for going hammer down on a defenseless wingels. 
this afternoon, we took full advantage of the beautiful weather and did some reading outside!! it was the perfect way to end a busy (but awesome!!) week with my favorite learners!!! 
i am embarrassed to be a kentuckian tonight. the ire i have grown to have toward bevin is immeasurable. … 
the man deserves it. he’s a true work horse 
read a great review of #5sos3newyork … 
this report should scare every american: with a mushroom cloud background, russia state news warns citizens to stockpile food, prep for war … 
unemployment payment. havent worked for 7 years should be on a pension which is roughly double $$ they wont recognise me as ill. so i get to sit here in poverty also. #auspol 
i heard it was a good one 
"good. i'm glad you're taking a little break, you deserve it. don't work yourself into the ground." he actually laughs at that comment, "well, you know, i'm standing upright and there isn't a hole though me anymore." 
easy to say that he feels relieved to hear that she's doing good so far, a reply text was sent out seconds after : - "i'm glad to hear it, fate; and don't let you that curiosity of yours get the best of you! it's just something nice." 
@ raffdegruttola hi raff how are you and simone and skye doing? i have epilepsy gone 5 years with no fits and no one will give me a job cos of it something to do with health and safety policy, i think it's so wrong what do you think raff ? love your utube videos raff amazing xx 
playoffs all day is a beautiful thing but i can’t even watch it cause i’m on the clock 
i posted a new video to facebook … 
it's time for you to play a yakuza game 
not to mention it's actually hella rude and incredibly insensitive to constantly be making jokes about jisoo being religious. like the whole "jisoos christ" thing? yeah, not funny. it never has been. it's like everyone insists on making a joke out of his beliefs and - 
love mason jars! they are so versatile! here is a link with “how to” tint mason jars!… 
yessir trying to find a team for mes currently 
my mom thought this picture was like one of those, “spot the errors” games in a magazine. 1.… 
applied at glamorgan uni, norwich and @ dmuleicester for game art. got my offer at dmu whilst out practicing drawing at bristol museum, wasn't expecting to get a reply. 
no shot is truly going to be like the other. as a cinematographer, you need to know every technical aspect that can help you make your vision come true. #cinematography #film #photography 
excited to go live with @ lizhabib in a min... tune in 
baby tu me tienes a tus pies ehhh 
voy a empezar terapia entonces 
@ whitney_wonders i have a question. 
ima need them to not be in a drought lmao it isn’t fair 
listen. i will be laughing for a while. 
having some family time. i’ll be on a in a little 
would finally be able to do a back flip 
in a row 
and to make matters worse, the bug bite i thought i had is actually a ganglion cyst caused from overusing my wrist. something basically untreatable. i have to go to an orthopedic doctor to get “evaluated” 
this is going 2 b a legendary comeback.this is the announcement article. 26k rt ....yet there r only 2200 positive votes. @ bighitent posts @ bts_twt articles 4you to review,give your opinion&promote.don't b rt pleasetutorial here … 
best leaf period of the playoffs so far, and plekanecs best as a leaf for sure. who would have thought a kadriless, komorovless, martinless, leaf squad would be the one to out hit the bruins. #tmltalk #standwitness @ steve_dangle 
the young jedi was rather confused at first before he noticed her. what species was that? she clearly humanoid yet fish-like. was she in anyway related to the mon calamari? he couldn’t say. he waved back with a smile. 
agree. times are changing and we need to accept that people are different. and that’s okay. doesn’t make them any less of a person. 
thank you sonia - it’s a thrill xx … 
palestinians defending themselves with stones is so ancient and biblical. so if the jews should cast their modern weapons aside and start stoning back, there'd be a real biblical war on their hands, they know, and palestinians will win the war with loose hands and not cowardly. … 
i got a brazilian wax the other day and it made me feel two ways 
i liked a @ youtube video ipl 2018 mi vs rcb match 14 : evin lewis full match batting #rcbvsmi highlights,mi vs 
yes, let’s not torture him, just give him a little harmless water boarding and see what he says about his relationship with cohen then! 
one more hour left till the end of my pager shift and then i can bring this damned flipphone back to the clinic and stop checking it incessantly every 4 minutes to make sure i havent missed a page 
i won the hop-a-long achievement in cars 2 for 12 #trueachievement … 
your girl literally bragged about having the hardest gg choreo sorry if acting all cutie and moving your head and feet around like a princess doesn’t seem hard to jongin 
also i held a baby today and i liked it 
if you're really eager, and want to practice for #nls9, give @ aliaonline a go! … 
just declare it a rodent sanctuary delta. problem solved. 
today seems like a good day to drink wine and embrace mediocrity 
it would a “relief” pick for me. like phew, thank god it is not...moore, harrison, te, dt or a lb 
i liked a @ youtube video the fugees - ready or not 
check out some of the open source contributions such as , k8s installer, smith, railcar, crashcart, ... all developed under oracle umbrella and used (and even) praised by community. strategy has been changed for a while now 
if you cry racism after being denied use of a bathroom reserved for paying customers you are the problem. 
i miss jason from the good place why must i wait so long for a return 
people porno tweets instead of rt’n it because they can’t have just everybody knowing they a freeek-a-leek otl 
got music playing between rounds and having fun!! you should come and check it out. stay a while, lets see if see can get some wins. 1 so far today. @ rsg_retweet @ flyrts @ sgh_rts @ shoutgamers @ retweet_twitch @ twitchrtcbot @ small_streamers - watch me 
“suspicious, or just a man of color sitting in his car?” same thing. 
found a transponder snail! whitebeard and luffy working together to save ace? 
wtfffffff, i'm seen some bs, it's a bit like this. loool … 
from “come over” to “come home” is a real relationship goal for me. 
new topic posted- closer look at how rookie dalvin cook did in a shurmur designed offense … 
trump: russia probe is a hoax" … #test 
#blackadderbot how lucky you english are to find the toilet so amusing for us, it is a mundane and functional item for you it is... 1/2 
2018 #booktomovie releases - read the book before you see the movie! or, be contrary - watch the movie then read the book. give them a go these holidays #thebookisalwaysbetter #librarianbias 
it sucks international views don't count, even though a show is huge outside of the us 
i have some great news to share with everybody! all episodes of it takes a thief are available on the discovery app! 
i love how the yankees have yet to find a real long term solution to 1b and 2b. production from both positions has been ass since 2014. 
i liked a @ youtube video {ytp} meet the engineer who lags 
don’t forget, u have a lot of californians, etc. who have left liberal areas & sometimes u just can’t fix stupid. make sure every republican gets out to vote! 
it will could be a soul check. nothing to laugh about, there. 
you are a kid tho 
its a big departure in some ways, but had a lot of great additions or modifications to make it motion control friendly. idk man ppl overlook it a lot 
well i used liz in persona but apparently she's not getting in and i hardly played bb that much but i really wanted litchi in bbtag but not looking good there. i want to try ruby because she has testament scythe and a couple of his normals, lol...maybe give orie a shot... 
can i be honest, if he is just going to drop passes after some contact or get intercepted by some shorter guy 8 times outta 10 then it’s not gonna make much of a difference. i’d rather have some tuning updates or changes to gameplay. why aren’t we getting that? seriously though 
turns out it was a joke...poorly executed but a joke nonetheless 
like seriously, i dont walk into a room quoting assata shakurs biography everyday. but god damn, if they don’t mention the bible constantly. 
i liked a @ youtube video splyce vs team kaliber-cwl seattle (1080p 60 fps) -call of duty ww2-esports vods live 
in life you have to realize that what’s done is done and life goes on. grudges aren’t worth the time and effort. accept the apology you never got and get the fuck over it. you will be a lot better off and that’s a promise 
*looking at a 2 year old’s drawing of a butterfly, which is just a bunch of scribbled lines. i lean in to the kid & whisper* what is this some kind of a game to you? 
@ bhoolz do you still think oladipo is just a average hoosier? lol 
living a drug dealers dream w/o the repercussions. 
can’t have a conversation with someone new without either my height or bird coming up 
verne troyer (mini yo, austin powers) has passed away. depression and suicide should be a major concern. be kind to everyone because we never know what the person is going through. #kindness #depression #suicideawareness 
i liked a @ youtube video gordon ramsay wheres the lamb sauce-animated 
metro l.a. offering free bus and train rides on sunday to commemorate earth day 
i didn't realize @ joelosteen was still a thing. 
i mean shit i find a freshly baked cupcake attractive so i guess that makes me a cheater lol 
azerbaijan! congratulations on a fourth straight dtf @ julcypapi! commiserations to belgium and @ ianascoke! 
hungarian protesters rally for âpress freedom & orban regime changeâ (photos, videos) - 
really starting to wonder if everything does happen for a reason 
"right" as in correct...or "right" as a political position.your business, just looking for clarity. 
guys we need a win...and not just a win but like a assured win...one with no ifs, buts or maybes... 
he just happened to make sense this time, but even a broken clock is right twice a day. … 
haven’t seen age of ultron in awhile and...this movie is a hot mess. characters all over the place, weird sex jokes, hawkeye’s random family. it’s just too much. 
hmm. of all the ferrets i've had in my life i realise aggs is the only one i haven't worn as a hat. too small perhaps, more a fascinator than a hat. and i hear those are now passé? so it could be a question of fashion. the one in my profile image is ptolemy. 3 legs. a tricorne. 
wow, amazing! ~as! a~ is broadcasting on ,come to join! 
physicists' tests tell when something is a particle or a wave but nothing can be both yet light is sometimes a wave sometimes a stream of particles instantly accelerating to speed of light which is #impossible as it would take 'infinite energy' and take time. but now we know 
just swung by the esports arena at the luxor in las vegas, where ninja held his event. this place is very cool! it's like a giant mega lan center. you can order food and booze and it's only $25 for the whole day. a bunch of the @ h1z1proleague boys are scrimming here right 
i won the bloody business achievement in the walking dead - a new frontier (win 10) for 21 #trueachievement … 
we use both parallel and box squat. is a box that allows the athlete to get to parallel. 
as a basketball writer for 8 years i had to learn to remove myself from bias. this is a legit sentiment. nba fans will love watching the jazz objectively. … 
i hate myself for being a stupid 'coz i fall for some who can never appreciated me and my damn feelings :/ 
i accidentally posted it in a tweet once. it’s been deleted. 
i tell you i have a man and you disrespect him and ask for my number again? surprise now you cashapped me $100 and me and him using it to go out ha 
atribuí nota 9.5 ao episódio 4x9 - heart of a secret de when calls the heart #bancodeseries 
creating a gif search function for normies to use is the greatest pose of all time? 
we’d love to have you as a guest on @ topdawgdynasty to discuss/promote. @ ffcrusher @ ajwilly2 #shamelessplug 
false creek-fairview 18.7°c steady • very dry and comfortable with a gentle breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
i took the "maplestory 2 class quiz" and i am a knight! you should sign up for the closed beta and take the test too to get awesome rewards! #playmaple2 
#nowplaying beth takes a picture - michael ellis on #listenlive 
and i’m not going to a single one.. don’t remind me :( … 
get you a girl the way ross looking at meek … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist how to swaddle a baby / swaddle a newborn baby 3 easy ways 
say goodbye to color fading and that unwanted yellow! our keratin infusing de-frizz brightening purple shampoo and conditioner combines a special color enhancing formula and other key antioxidants with our keratin protein complex to gently clean and condition hair. 
throw me a follow on twitch ill be streaming tonight around 10 … 
this 13 year old in a multi-track studio with some great production totally nails @ metallica's … 
dont worry, it will be back. at a later date. 
i liked a @ youtube video all your responsibilities hitting you at once like: 
i won the a spanner in the works achievement in assassin's creed syndicate for 20 #trueachievement 
see, we all need a good hug now and then! @new tripoli, pennsylvania 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist the beastie boys | fortnite (battle royale funny moments) #7 
what a messsss 
@ pulitzerprizes you should create a gif category just for this. … 
i thought i wanted to be a software engineer or a history professor. a few months after working at the plainsman, i realized journalism was what i wanted to do with my life. 
three achei boa, a com o giggs achei ok, mas higher é disparada a mais fraca :/ 
thank you #workcon18 silver sponsor @ kracorp for providing provide businesses with a trained and reliable #workforce by preparing job-seekers for today’s competitive #workplace & global economy. more kra's innovative solutions > 
i also have a few @ reba @ lindsayell @ coleswindell @ jason_aldean haha guess y’all know you made it when there so many of you my country music maybe one day we can get some the real mccoy’s to follow us whatcha think @ mrbobbybones check out my #imposters! 
acid rap was such a good mixtape, a shame i won't listen to it nomore 
► así fue como melania humilló sin miedo a donald trump 
this is everything i want out of a game 7 
improving my cooking skills is a must, no way me and my family gone be eating out every night. 
i'm joining the movement to support refugees to make a life here in australia. will you? #refugeeswelcome @ auscrsi 
#repost @ steevedaviault here’s something some of you will get a kick out of it ... photo of me… 
you know no one is their just a bunch of hypocrites lol 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist lanco - greatest love story 
imagine thinking people shouldn’t buy tickets to a concert simply because they don’t ult an artist 
why do i feel like @ krisjenner is having a crisis meeting about @ kanyewest ! him in that #maga hat is just too much. i’m all for opinions but cmon it’s trump ! 
not sure if any of them have enough evidence on them but if someone does now would be a great time to speak up 
i liked a @ youtube video how to enable animated desktop wallpaper in windows 7/8/8.1/10 with wallpaper engine 
then let’s all go to that bar with a trump hat the left is making supporting trump the new counter culture movement. boom … 
2 daily followers. 0 unfollowers. crowdfire doesn't miss a trick -via 
“cold water that’s a must baking soda that’s a plus 28 to 56 scrape the pot n make it jump” 
comey you got a “f” 
every industry is becoming more increasingly fast-paced, making deliberate practice a great learning and training tool for the era of disruption! … 
since u been gone is one of the most iconic pop songs of the 21st century and that is a fact … 
swimming in a fish bowl year after year 
amor infinito a tony stark. 
she's a mess but some of her looks are just >>> 
thank you so much for being on top of it mike, espn tv is doing a lousy job of saying who gets what in trades. 
queen of jeans puttin on a clinic in vocal control dang 
feeling truly lucky to be able to say that i love what i do. i can’t imagine picking a better or more rewarding career 
right?! lol i didn’t use it around my nose because it brought out my pores but i liked it on my cheeks area lol! it was so thick that it covered a lot 
thank you!! god bless you too!!! may your weekend be a happy one as well!!! 
hubby @ roosterdebate and wife professional development on a saturday! #edcampkc made it possible. theater and 5th grade don't typically gather for pd after 10+ years teaching, we found a way! 
happy saturday!!!! a new episode of shore to shore news is on the air at right now. 
the very slogan of national review is a screech of impotent frustration … 
things i promise i won’t do when im drunk at formal trying to have a good time: 1. check my email to see if my organic chemistry prof has finally responded to say whether or not she’ll round my 89.6 to a 90 2. coke 
lions have one good year against a rodgerless packers and they’re all big and bad now y’all got jokes lions, i’ll give you that. 
none of you demonrats are sorry except for being a sorry excuse for a human being! may karma slap each if you hard. 
let's walk together in a flowery path for a very long time @ weareoneexo 
your video @ weeklychris made me tear up a bit when you spoke of depression but also opened my eyes. money is powerful and its so easy to abuse its power but i'm glad you've seen the brighter side of things. thank you for opening up and sharing a piece of you. 
@ poppyharlowcnn @ johnberman no. if anyone gets a nobel peace prize for bringing north korea to a peace agreement that actually sticks, it should go to moon jae-in, not the self-promoting one at a rally where the crowd was ginned up to shout it. 
overwhelming urge for a tennents in the fittie 
just about as believable as there is a god. 
now that's a beauty right there 
yasss it's time for a great show orξgon420bish: #mobile game 
i ain’t 21, but i became cool w/ the owner of a store...now i get to buy liquor or beer w/o my id 
a wall of my childhood i miss fable 
not as a celtics fan!!! i just miss seventeen games a day. 
i hate to hear a fat person say “my fat ass...” it just makes me uncomfortable cause i start sizing them up like damn you are big af. 
a ver, activity 
kumail... i can think of a few things to call you. 
you think its gonna come back? people think that its a scam because of the bug in their system 
i wrote him back, a little confused, because i never took a photo of a 5-year-old girl. the only girl i photographed included in that spread of photos is 16 years old. 2/n 
character???? i think we know she has none. a porn star...give me a break. 
sometimes when you tweet a thought it’s good to have a point. it makes it much more interesting for the reader. 
a very interesting thread, thanks. i personally don't think i'd ever cope with pairing. i can't deal having to code or think with others present. complete stage fright. having someone work on a problem with me literally prevents me from thinking... only way i can describe it. 
we shall give him a hearty pat on the back, indeed. thanks for letting us know how much he helped you! 
peter parker was, in many ways, at the bottom of the food chain at u.a. on top of that, he was new to japan in general, seeing as he just moved here. in fact, peter believed he was one of the worst heroes at u.a. on the opposite end of that spectrum,-- 
will is a phony bandwagon fan who just shows up when the team is winning. 
wow. so i work a block away from hollywood blvd. the one day i decide to work at another location, n’sync was there for their star on the walk of fame. lit could’ve went during my lunch if i stayed. 
#blackadderbot hairy blighters, sir, this is a turn up for the plus fours 
oh, now you're a fucking lizard? first nigerian ikea scam, now a lizard person, what next? a hardcore flat-earther? 
it’s all negative!!! mane said slavery was a choice 
starting off #mermay2018 with a sunset sweetie 
if you follow me and i don't follow you, like this tweet so i can find you - i'm a follow-back guy, but also wise to the bots:) 
@ jcolenc calls kayne to give him his two cents so he doesn’t have a screenshot to post … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist game theory: bowser's broken home in super mario 
got a bitch in da back got a hoe in the front 
@ upper_circle we are @ edfringespring and we are hosting a benefit concert very soon featuring some amazing west end stars! 
false creek-fairview 16.7°c steady • dry and cool with a gentle breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
i have a cholesterol problem but i love a bacon an egg butty sometimes as a treat with a good dollop of dare i say brown sauce there i’ve said it , sorry have to go 10 big guys with riot gear banging on the door obviously missed their breakfast , smoked or unsmoked guys 
he could only pay for a doctors note, not the actual exam. 
@ michellecreber so the company that owns my little pony is now the owner of my pet monster. let’s just comprehend this for a sec... @ nora_mermaid 
#liverpool reached the #championsleague final after riding their luck to contain a fired-up #asroma in a 4-2 defeat at the stadio olimpico on wednesday that sent them through 7-6 on aggregate. … #romlfc @ asromaen @ lfc @ 
#marriedarfirstsite why do the experts say jephte and s. had such a steep curve??ryan was clueless and didn’t seem to care at all. 
and maybe turn on some tunes and have a dance. i'm sorry you will not do it with the effortless groove of onesmo. but your clumsy efforts would have made him smile. 
kanye can explain something as much as he wants, i still wont understand a damn word the moron is trying to say.. literally he tries to make it seem like he knows what hes talking about and its just nonsense in my book 
i want you in my life girl fck a solo .. 
1) this is the kind of political games we need to stay away from in #ny21 . it was a mistake for @ adirondackatie to fall into the trap, and @ dylanratigan for doubling down on it. don't feed the trolls. 
sounds a lot better than $4.09 and $3.35 
actually, cambridge analytica is rebranding as emerdata, but this is a good graphic.. … 
yeah they will definitely play it for a long time! so, maybe when we both have the money for tickets, we could go (i also know very few people who would go to london to see musicals ) 
had to get a father's visitation suspended because of suicidal ideations. 
as a "flat earther" i simply can not accept this. how unfortunate. 
watching the @ raptors take on the @ cavs and to be honest, i’ve never seen a top seed in a division this disappointing. it speaks of the strength of teams in the eastern conference. this raptors team won’t even place 4th in the west but they were the top seed in the east 
rudy has been a busy man! 
i often totally disagree with martin keown, but i think he made some excellent points in this. i also think jermaine jenas is an excellent pundit who will often argue 'the popular' opinion to make a very valid point. really interesting punditry here. … 
i liked a @ youtube video insane amir khan bottle trick 
when it comes to the gun lobby - can’t laugh but can and do vote. muting optional you never know who else might be reading and a light might click on for one person that #commonsense gun regulation doesn’t = ban on all guns 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist fugget about it 202 - mennonites! (full episode) 
it’s all fun and games till they knock on my door and arrest me, then you’ll be the one who gets a jd note :) 
a series of unfortunate events 
lebron james is a freak of nature. #cavs 
i'm sorry the owner of this account is currently take a hiatus because she don't want to meet jjjjustino219 
red mountain strands a leadoff 2b in top 4, down 3-0 to mtv 
update: police believe the snake was a baby rattlesnake. victim is a 15 year old female. 
she should give him a taste of his own medicine then 
who had a life of suffering and way more pain? … 
#amandaknox shared that people shouldn't be judged having done a wrong thing if the balance of their life actions show more good than bad. she also confides to brett her view that prison will not help a person reflect on their bad deed it just breeds anger. ok then. 
the nra is helping the gop usher in fascism. more guns means more government. it’s a vicious cycle 
breaking news: 6.9 magnitude earthquake strikes hawaii by kevin ryan a 6.9-magnitude earthquake struck the island of hawaii nearly an hour after a 5.4-magnitude quake hit. the earthquakes are likelly related to the eruption of the kilauea volcano. no immediate word on damages. 
a great inspiring touching movie 
exclusive: a former victoria badminton coach charged with historic sexual assault against young boys is out on bail tonight. we will have this story and more vancouver island news live at 5 p.m., watch live: 
respete a randy 
i ran into a new one today. somebody who thinks the only reason to 'friend' a person is to talk via private messages. 
everyone that flips packs ain’t a hustler and every hustler don’t flip packs 
aye somebody needa do that avengers pixel thing on a pic of joel embiid "coach, i dont feel so good" 
omgithought he was a lawyer why is he saying anything ?!!!! 
maybe someday tvt i wanna make a comic! 
a bump before work!!! 
new game!!!! take a shot every time covington misses 
@ coloradomayhem 17u black is a solid unit. beat b&b 11th elite 62-58 and advance in the championship bracket. now 4-0 in the tor tourney. 
kaffy looks like such a strong man in that lovely dress #headies2018 
@ilovemakonnen5d you dont understand how long it took to get a follow off you ive been staying up everynight since its 1 am over here in the uk love you so so much and thankyou for everything 
i’m selling 2 backwoods for a dollar. shop w me 
but fortunately we already have 3 years of history to show what a disaster the largest tax in the history of alberta has had. 
just imagine if this wasn’t a little wide eye little boy. pretty sure “adorable” wouldn’t be her words. this isn’t cute. 
brilliant by fleury to jump over that puck so it didn't bounce off him and in. i've never seen a goalie do that. 
shoutout once again @ hoopsshowdown was a success!!! by the way @ best_announcer had me in tearsgood work dawg 
such a tease. congrats cool guy!!!!!!!!!! i am beyond proud of you. i love you 
a president presides. trump derides anything and everything: people, places, institutions, traditions, the 4th estate and last of all, government itself. 
yup! watched the first half, recorded the second. hell of a last home game for arsene. 
the zieteirion theater in new bedford ma! it's a beautiful theatre that carlin himself played. it's no carnegie hall but it's a beautiful, intimate, theatre in a city full of gays!!!!! 
check us out! today we recorded with a 23-year-old tech star, one of the youngest 1st ads in the dga, and a reporter for entertainment tonight! … 
this is amazing. i love how marvin's cape kinda has a life of its own. 
nothing wrong with a mother protecting her child. 
uhhh....guns aren't toys. looks like the child thinks it's a video game 
10th grade girls - pool a - sha county chaos def. lady lions 35-29 @ exposurebball 
i bet all these fashions make the #meggala ballroom look like a modern interpretation of olympus. 
spring is here! make the most of it and you could win a $10,000 visa® prepaid card. #sweepstakes 
yknow that video clip where a cow or something is lowered into a river & the river appears to boil ferociously, & it’s raised again within seconds to show that the piranha have devoured it to the bone? put a pound of cherry tomatoes on my kitchen counter & walk away. same. 
"...rich in detail but also a fantastic read; i thoroughly enjoyed this humorous, but tragic journey." the cherubim rosewood - author larry d. shackelford #free with #kindleunlimited #christian #osfarg 
why do all these black conservatives have a noticeably high amount of european admixture? 
is it normal to just be able to inhale a whole bag of popcorn by yourself #someonestopme 
all we get from you and your trolling friends is hate. we think you are hateful and don't understand how or why you could act the way you do. maybe you should try a new approach because you're failing miserably 
here's a look at the mid-atlantic radar map. #mdwx 
i took a bombass nap then woke up and got weiji,,,, today was good 
i liked a @ youtube video babymetal - distortion (official) 
for a great low rate you can get online, go to the general and save some time! 
“i want to take a pic up there but not while jc is there... can we just call mikey?”... if this doesn’t describe playlist idk what does 
he done made his life a lil harder now he gotta lay in that bed! 
drinking a so folkin' hoppy ipa by funky bow brewery & beer company @wit’s end — 
one run is nice, but insurance runs there would have been a lot nicer. we can't leave those chances open next time #pinstripepride #mlb #yankees 
i just saw acuña hit a homerun in person and i’m salivating. 
#blackadderbot no, no. i have won the battle, i have saved the kingdom i think i can find myself a horse! 
just signed up for a gym membership...hopefully paying it makes me go 
i'm the you control you keys type but if it were facebook, i'd imagine it would control the keys for you. it's too broad of a product with too many normal people to force you up the learning curve of a seed phrase. it's an interesting idea maze to explore. 
#dwp say nah. how to treat people on benefits with respect – a lesson from scotland | ruth patrick … 
i don’t have a webcam so i scotch taped my phone to one of my monitors to facetime with my friend 
only a small bit of vote in oh, but so far it looks like a decisive win by warren/cordray against kucinich/sanders. 
one time @ shrlck_lam was trying to come up with a cantonese version of “that’s what she said” except in cantonese there’s no gendered pronoun so he came up with “that’s what [they] said last night” (佢噚晚都係咁講) and i still think it’s brilliant 
here again...... but i'm a little late this time.. can't get enough… … 
a copter takes in the sunset. probably a slightly better view than mine. 
ahh sorry for not uploading but heres a vid for you guys 
hello to malaysian. we have a new government. hope they will do their duty well. amin 
a fan was really nervous to say something to sebastian so he went to go hug her and look at the way he hugged her my heart is so full!!!! 
ok ithink tomorrow is a good time to see infinity war 
shit i still wake up in sweats sometimes cause i think a paper is due that i didn’t write 
@ twittersupport hi! it's like two days that my followers don't have any notifications by me. i don't know what's the problem. it was working perfectly so far. also, my account was suspended two days ago for a bot suspicion due of my suspect activities. is this the probleme? 
there’s a pink one at spencer’s in flatirons mall in the bachelorette section lol 
1 weekly follower. 2 unfollowers. crowdfire doesn't miss a trick - via 
i liked a @ youtube video hobo johnson - father (official audio) 
empress catja. my eldest baby (18 yrs old). found her in my parent's garage when i was home on leave. she was eating birdseed from a bag and weighed less than a pound. very first animal companion of my own. she's a firecracker but so snuggly. we curl up together every night. 
if u fw somebody help each other it’s gone take a lil minute cause hatas don’t like that just stay down 
see a virtual tour of one of our newest listings 2000 little raven street 201 denver co 
yay! i hope you have a fun time adventuring beth! 
imma meet a girl, get good feelings, take her to st thomas and if she don’t complain about the heat nor mosquitoes, she’s the one 
i’m currently wearing a bralette, which i’ve read is a fashion bra. i am currently wearing it fashionably i think. i want to buy more clothes that match this because it’s freaking comfy #tmi 
made a couple of good saves but the short misses really derail what could be great rounds for tiger. hopefully it all comes together tomorow and he can get into contention ahead of the weekend. 
love that i work at a place where being smart is still cool!! thanks for upholding the culture @ mrsj_foley @ msthornburg @ sid64ish @ skidtrhoades @ … 
you want it to? or are you feeling a little... oral first? … 
i'm just amazed people like you exist. you must be sooooo proud of saying hateful things to a woman whose husband is dying. bravo. truthfully, this is the exact behavior we've come to expect from trump supporters. i hope others treat your family better than you treated his. 
so a #oneborneveryminute marathon for me tonight. 
i liked a @ youtube video was pink diamond changed by greg's love? - steven universe theory 
look bro. like i said, not finna swerve for a squirrel.. both wheels on its head. it had time to run either way but it got shook and froze. 
she’s a bit dusty. 
i liked a @ youtube video mike sherm - hot nigga | shot by @ lewisyounasty 
watching baseball and doing laundry on a friday night. because i'm awesome. 
dawg... what tf was she trying to do … 
i'm actually livid that the cw passed on #waywardsisters. i thought it was already a go. and i was looking forward to it. 
then the first game better end in about a minute and a half. … 
and what i really meant to say was, i’m not attracted to all white men. it’s only a select few. i prefer black over white. or hispanic over white. that’s just my taste. i’m not objectifying anything. 
can we stop giving him a platform? 
lmfaoooooo. they all ran like this nigga had a gun. … 
how to make a successfull game step 1 dont force microtransactions down our damn throats every 2 seconds step 2 dont call it a game if you do more waiting than playing 
he’s a machine ain’t he. 
just finished a run on strava for 1 hour, 59 minutes, 50 seconds going 9943.0m. 
it’s a brand new day so i’ll give you praise . 
unfortunately the @ eurovision has become a farce especially when israel & australia who are not european countries are allowed to participate … 
gold coast more advanced, but with a lower ceiling. brisbane will pass them before suns make finals. 
when it comes to twitter, there will always be those people who ruin a good thing. 
i don't get the tix and realize the show is on a weekday lmao 
what the. bs sr. looks like a young person disguised as an old person. … 
un campeonato con sabor a fracaso 
i see females glorifying this thot but if it were a guy saying this all hell would be raised … 
nws has issued a severe thunderstorm warning for belmont county until 08:45 pm 
she's pretty and says things that a sizable portion of people want to be true. modern politics isn't about facts or truth. it's about narratives. the "immigrants are lazy and entitled" narrative helps people justify their racist thoughts. 
this wasn't school related. it was a dance competition that's privately owned so they can do whatever they want. no no...her school is very pro maga 
i had a fabolous mommy’s day with some of my favorite people. happy… … 
— of regina, henry has grown into a considerate, mindful and intelligent young man. happy mother’s day, @ _madamemayor. i’m in awe of you. thank you for raising our son. thank you for being henry’s best chance. thank you for guiding me whenever i lose my own parental 
the old pat white steve slayton says were so much fun to watch. the most dynamic duo in college ball for a long time. … 
he is a reform party member and will realize it soon enough. to answer your question, of course not. 
i finally took some more ibuprofen after shuffling around in agony all day and i feel like a civil war soldier who just got their first hit of morphine 
we're going with #evilgenius and a bottle of pinot noir tonight in case any ladies are looking to fall in love #truecrimetruelove 
i’m bout to do this media shit with no hand-outs.. no family members that have a friend to put me on , no sneaking in the back door .. none of that shit!! imma get this shit from the mud , so if you not on the boat now .. don’t hop on once i get on. 
merrifield hit a solo home run over the left field wall. soler grounded out to the third baseman. moose got a base hit to left field. perez grounded into a double play. three down. to the top of the fourth we go. 1-1. 
it’s a simple design. they have a tab for listen now, library, browse and search. what more do you want? lol which app do you use? 
a derby fan calling us tinpot is hilarious, they’re literally wednesday songbook fc 
if i love you, give you my time, and make you number 1, consider yourself lucky cuz this loyal chick will always ride for you. if you backstab me or hurt me, consider it misfortunate, cuz you just lost a real one. 
weather be like: mon - 75�� tues - 22�� wed - 57�� thurs - 30�� fri - 80�� (with a chance of snow) 
and as you said they were soliciting white house leaks...again in the most leaking administration in the history of the county wikileaks got nothing? not a single leaker sent them anything despite being whistle-blower central? or maybe they did and are deciding to sit on it? 
not as another sequel (just because they won't spend the money on it to make it that way), but could certainly see this working as a reboot, would love to see a new generation of species films 
there is god? there god i believe yet what to believe i don't know today standard,, god give great to perfect freedom,,, and does not need a person to say thank you god,, i wonder his sign, do not disturb on vacation forever... seem an inevitability and an authority did existence 
well for goodness sake. you mean those mean iranians may act up again? that took a lot of brains to figure out. 
for athletes: posture can be difference between winning and a play-ending injury. #posturemonth #realignyourthinking 
“god will take you through a storm so you can help somebody else.” - @ glparksjr | @ nhbcfamily #victoryinthevalley 
@ tylerjessica i just want no drama and a good royal wedding! is that too much to ask?? 
girl for u?? shiiitttt....... i'll throw in extra 40. plus a complementary 10 minute foot rub 
concerns mentioned tonight: recreation, transportation and a larger slice of the pie. in particular, several have advocated for a spot on fields road, where they say the city should put a planned athletic complex. … 
omg a whole series like 30 for 30. they could do four seasons of it. the best. what a time to be alive. 
this is not really a story yet. 
they've put out a good number of devastating pieces about the palestinian slaughters, all just brilliant. 
i liked a @ youtube video what's inside a magic chess board? 
#blackadderbot i'll just have to sit this one out on the touchline with the half-time oranges and the fat wheezy boys with a note... 1/2 
"oh i'll just hit a fly ball here and get the run in." -spectators 
why is it that when men walk into a room they only acknowledge other men? women, let’s start walking into the room and only aknowledge each other first, praise each other’s work, and welcome each other into the conversation. #strongwomenlifteachotherup 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist music is magic on air via real raw tv(2) 
and i thank god i’m married to a painter.. saved us soooooo much money... … 
if you don't know peter, please look him up. he's an inspiration & one of the very best on healthcare. thanks for being a leader for our country's health. … 
i’m currently in class and i thought it was a good idea to watch the bts fake love second teaser. me rn: 
‘keep on’ is a phrasal verb using the verb form of ‘keep’. it is commonly used with a gerund clause, which contains a verb used as a noun ending in –ing. used this way, it has the meaning of continuing on or persist in doing something without any intention of stopping. 
kenny, scottish beef or british beef. what can charge a premium price? 
so honestly, i was just a broken hot mess lol. and i began to realize that he loved me in spite of my mess but not only that, allowed me to use my mess as a message for others. … 
my grandpa went to where my dad keeps his vodka, poured himself a shot and went to the bathroom to take it so my grandma doesn’t see 
maybe he should talk to a lawyer. 
if you think the words "brainstorm" you will hear it say "brain storm", if you think the words "green needle" you will hear it say "green needle". all the same audio in a loop! … 
you should, if you haven't already, sync up with @ sdf_pubnix - they've run a couple public instances. i choose other: general hackery to learn more plan9 btw 
i wanna be able to order a bad ass ig thot to my doorstep like papa john's comin thru this hoe 
#blackops4 would be more appealing with clan wars, please listen to your players @ callofduty @ charlieintel @ treyarch @ activision it’s what keeps most of the people that get bored from switching to a different game! #callofduty 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist smith machine glute bridge | core by liz 
this is what i love about our @ whitehouse & the @ realdonaldtrump administration - there's a time for work and some time for fun. good people doing a great job. little things like this connect with the people. #covfefewillneverdie … 
good. team will be patient as he makes transition to being a pro, but u can see the skills. 
#nephpearls build apps get app builder $9 a year visit now 
@ chrissymetz i just can't stand to see you! you are so incredibly fat, that i use you as a reminder when anybody eats a lot! i just say: hey, your wanna pull off a chrissy there, right?! you make me puke. 
haberman: leaks have vexed the president … shows how stupid these people really are: what was said about a national hero and all they are worried about is it was leaked. trump is poor excuse for a real man! 
going live in a minute to open up the albums i got. 
good things in the buff riku spinners and could use your help, take a look an... 
i liked a @ youtube video you wont believe how many robux i have! (roblox) 
have you ever tried wearing a genuine baltic sea amber bracelet? i started wearing one after reading it helps with anxiety, and i haven't felt any anxiety since wearing it. 
brah they got the steak lookin grade a? 
they have mandatory mental health checks before you can carry a weapon in public. you have to prove that you know how to properly use a weapon in every facet before you can carry in public. and only a small percentage of citizens ever get that license. 
i deserve a nap..on this lovely friday evening. 
lol that's a good way to put it 
america doesn’t have a gun problem it has a sin problem. return to the lord and we’ll see less of this behavior 
*when she hit amethyst felt horrible pain* my skin is that of a demons. 
i liked a @ youtube video bohemian rhapsody: the movie - official teaser trailer (hd) 
so since my mom said the concert ticket was a birthday and christmas gift she got one for herself to go with me and now she doesn't want ga and my heart is just- 
it’s 7:59 on a saturday and i’m lit 
like a state trooper i make my money on the road 
it’s a weird game at times lol 
minthorn lays down the bunt and it leads to a run from reece on a tv throwing error to make it 5-1 tl in the bottom of the sixth. 
this is the part of sports i hate. the excessiveness of the behavior of some. while it’s all fun and games watching bills mafia go apeshit on nfl sundays, threatening the life of another is horseshit. i’m sorry that happened. did you file a report? 
he traded fournette for mixon and dj moore right after that too. thats a pretty fair trade but im one of the few mixon pessimists so i thought it was funny 
i arrived as a boy, i leave as a man – iniesta in emotional barcelona farewell 
repost from a_cat_and_a_gat my… … 
guys give me à link or livestream i need to see my queen ariana #bbmas 
sorry, in you’re tutorial “creating a realistic water simulation in blender”, you change the vertices of a cycle from 32 to 16. but in blender 2.8, i don’t find these option :/ 
the number of technical documents i read that can be summed up as “hey we did a thing!!” without explaining why they did the thing drives me up a wall 
crusader kings ii is now a board game, so you can murder your friends in person 
protejan a este hermoso angelito a toda costa 
referring to you seem to me to be a decent and smart kid. 
nothing like a photo op with a pedophile "nader’s problem was pedophilia.... but in may 2003, nader was convicted in the czech republic of 10 counts of sexually abusing minors and sentenced to a one-year prison term, the ap revealed in march." 
uuufff!!! le hace mal a mis ojos... 
day 1 had me slumpted but it was a great time! 
shannon sharpe deadass wore lbj jersey with a goat head...but yet if i simply say “i think kobe better than bron” i’m obsessed & delusional 
hoping for tanaka today. he can be a great pitcher whenever he wants to be. he just needs to relax and pitch like he knows he can. also i'm hoping didi will get things going tonight. he's back in the clean up spot where he's produced a lot this season. hopefully he will today. 
did you just talk to a cute cloud 
did you know it was possible to get a sunburn through a white shirt? because i didn’t. the more you know 
as you may be aware through our media exposure and participation in some of our events, junior auxiliary of taney county is more than a non-profit organization; it’s a group of women united by a single cause and dedicated to helping the children of... 
in the mood to take a nap on the cheeks 
this man deserves a follow!!! awesome! 
also the bookstore ran out of 2018 stoles so am i really a graduate ? 
today i learned an important lesson that if food instructions are in a language you can't speak, don't disregard them and put it in the microwave... 
i wish they showed that! go cole! what a great dad. what an embarrassment that was last night. it was painful to watch. 
i liked a @ youtube video what happens when you try to sell a fake rolex to a jeweler 
i forgot a big chunk is in slow motion. i have 8 hours of footage and at least 2 hours of interviews. still anxious. … 
if anyone wants to go clubbing or like out out where i gotta dress like i'm actually going out (and not just drinking and getting tacos) in the next ten days, ya gotta tell me like by tomorrow bc there is a suitcase in my closet and i am officially packing #jacquk 
i think tizen is a much more resource miserly os that is better suited for smart watches and devices than wearos. the issue is the app gap. poor decision by samsung imho. this is a tizen death knell unless it gets another master. 
believe there should’ve been aright before that scene. it was probably the worst one out of the whole series,totally unexpected too. once again,i’m sorry for your friend,i hope they have a good support system.thank u for being open to my point of view and not lashing out 
there are shows i love on @ netflix & some i don’t. so i won’t stop watching just becuase they made a deal with obama, but i will not watch anything that liar is involved with. i’ll just give it a . anytime hollywood picks a side in politics you risk loosing half your fans. 
all i ask for is a bit of effort and reassurance 
nah im just a dumbass and used xbox cause everyone i play with does but god bless cross compatibility 
a fan asked cap if there any songs he composed he wants the fans to listen to. cap: “please wait patiently” (stardust_0710) 
his only consistency is a walk an inning lol, absolutely amazing his era is in the mid 3s 
it doesn’t have to be so complicated. give the “kicking” team the option to have the “receiving” team take possession on th 20 or do a traditional kick. with this setup they would only pick kick when they need an onside kick. 
it's a good laptop when it works! 
me memba when me woulda send a whole novel to somebody a tell dem how me feel bout dem.. lmaooooooooooodemreplywidokaystillooooooooo 
indians have two men on no outs how about a triple play boys 
i have seen this back home in pakistan, people selling their vote for a plate of rice , but never heard this kind of nonsense in the developed world. where are tories getting their ideas from ?? pathetic!! 
oops!! before the season started @ thescore predicted a last place finish for #vegasgoldenknights ... now they are predicting them to win the #stanleycup ! … 
no, i’m more of a chocolate fan can you just make a flavor with almond milk instead ha? 
so many wonderful donations to my project today ! help me bring a classroom dream to life today with a special one day match offer where all donations are matched! we are over halfway there! … 
make-a-wish america has opened a few internships for the summer semester.these are paid positions, more info below: marketing internship: social media intern: human resources internship: apply by may 
826 boston night of 1000 stories. amazing young authors and new americans from dozens of countries with terrific stories. @ easternbank is a sponsor. #joinusforgood 
such a specific age bracket but if i were in tennessee, i’d be there! 
update || harry will be wearing a black and white striped glittered suit tonight. 
all of a sudden rae is completely terrified of outside and wants nothing to do with it. i think she just hates all the cars that go by. 
i don’t have to explain a mf thang! 
excited i just found a leather soft… … 
lossa track and field. what a day. notables; r.boldy 1st jr. sprint hurdles. m.suchoplas 1st sr. h.j 3rd sprint hurdles. g.talyor 2nd jr. 1500m. r.selkirk 2nd mid. hj. n.eastmond 3rd jr. 1500m. a. nielissen 4th mid. lj. p.gatchalian 5th mid. sprint hurdles. 
you were a wonderful guest, emmy! so nice getting to know you. 
if your opinion on tomi lahren being assaulted in public is anything other than “that’s unacceptable in a civilized society and whoever was involved should be charged, convicted, and imprisoned” then your opinion is wrong and stupid. 
finally the nxt title will be on the line, when kassius ohno goes one on one with ec3. after doubting his nickname and ability, ec3 got his wish, when he will face ohno in a match only to be won via knockout. can ohno prove why he is called the knockout artist? #wwe 
yee-haw! “howlers” with @ seanflanery @ collinschadm landed a distribution deal with archstone/sony pictures entertainment for a fall 2018/halloween release. #howlers #comingsoon #horror @ ridgwayj10 (pic cred via hans_hernke/ig) 
i liked a @ youtube video circus-p feat. gumi english - copycat | cover by fokushi 
i feel like you’re being a liiiiitke dramatic. like, is it really necessary to burn down the entire state? 
@ totalbiscuit greatly saddened by this news, we have lost a great man. rip, you are already missed. 
ok, crazy liar. we'll save this place without your help. have a good one 
the anniversary event homescreen is absolutely amazing!!! every hero moves just a bit!!! @ playoverwatch is there any way of getting this in gif form without the play, training, hero gallery text on screen?!?! please!!!!! 
ya tengo mis vuelos a new york y a monterrey 
i’m so ugly i take multiple showers a day just to attempt getting clear skin 
drugs release social tensions in a cosmetic, superficial, way. 
how to unlock an iphone 3 and a mustache on me. i'm not ugly, just reduce my graphics to have a better update server.... 
just for a example i see no reason to keep shipping the reylo thing. given all that has now happened in the two films there. in but you know what i wont step on some ones buzz. just because i think it does not work i dont ever want to be stuck in my own bubble. love or hate wyw 
#missing: columbus police are asking for help finding stanley lapczynski, who suffers from dementia. he was last seen wearing a home depot shirt and blue jeans. if you see him, call 911. 
yea don't watch ms 13 or the illegal are all the killing or drugs in houston!! @ dloesch yea that's a #1 target !! i got a 1000 says pc is a dem! just shooting from the hip … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist benedict cumberbatch doesn't like watching himself 
...that's not exactly fair. abortion needs to be a personal decision due to economic factors. it's a morality vs. ethics dilemma. if abortion was illegal, what would society do with all the unwanted babies? 
@ nba2k i have a problem connecting to the server 
a veteran's perspective on memorial day … 
a stain on the soul of our nation. drains our national honour. @ steveschmidtses 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist drinking fortenight shield in real life 
you're a damned fool, padraic, who champions the murder of the most defenseless among us, and then dresses his illogic up with some tired gibberish about rights. ireland now becomes no better than mexico under the aztecs, a pagan place embracing human sacrifice. 
was bumpin w pusha t for a solid minute until drake dropped duppy and now.. 
did emmit till rape anyone nah he got killed for looking at a white woman 
wit a 2-1 win over the @ bluejays, the @ phillies go top of the national league east! #bebold @ phillies @ ukphillies @ thegoodphight @ 
my favourite past time is being op abused on in a 2donkeys game and getting screwed out of a 5 kill game because the respawn command is a fun command 
shit got me heated bro, win every game in the last 2 rounds and beat a team that made it to the chip the very game before the championship....and they advance over us 
exactly, how he got away with is inexplicable. oh shit v.a.r should have come in play. 
by the way, since i've fallen off the face of the planet. as some of you know, i'm as big a geology geek as i am a who geek. i got frustrated with distorted media coverage—especially in the uk, oddly enough—so i've set up this blog. photos, videos, info. 
wishing a happy 25th anniversary to the home run ball that bounced off jose canseco’s head. 
the football gods know best. imagine going through a champions league photo album and you see captains lifting it. beckenbauer, maldini, schmeichel, gerrard, raul, terry, puyol, casillas, ramos, lahm. and then henderson 
@ realdonaldtrump if the undercover fbi spy really was working to catch russian infiltrators they would have caught them while in the act & not after the fake facts.the traitors add chapters of lies to that witch hunt on a daily basis.its safe to use the phrase jv cover up artist 
once a scammer always a scammer and you never even made me a thumbnail or anything for free like gg 
lol , i guess that is why, i just created a discord server for chat , for cam models and fans , ha ha ha ! 
it's okay cub. you are a bit innocent for that. 
fact check: you were given a high-level counterintelligence briefing by senior fbi officials on aug 17, 2016, and warned that hostile foreign adversaries like russia, would try to spy on and infiltrate your campaign. … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist ducati monster 696 first oil change + screen cleaning 
the reasons gays come up with to post a thirst trap. "new haircut!" "just out here mowing the lawn!" "i am feeling down today" "i love this new song" "love a good coffee in the morning!" just post the god damn slutty picture and own it linda. 
tomorrow is memorial day. although we can’t thank the ones we have lost, we can still thank everyone who serves in our armed forces. bring in your military i.d. tomorrow and get a free game of bowling! we thank... … 
katie takes a few off photos and suddenly she’s the ugliest thing in the world. but also that bitch is hiding behind her profile pic, her face never to be seen, she must be ugly as fuuccckkk 
confused: when the conductor says that (for example) “the f-train is running along the q-train track this weekend,” does that mean that it’s actually a q-train? or does it have an inherent f-ness that can’t be eradicated by its occupation of q-ness in all but name? 
b this is such a good song 
add me as a friend on youtube … 
honestly in sun/moon there's a person like every 5 feet who's like "pokemon love fighting!!! it makes them happy!!" and i do not buy it one bit 
hi, we've dropped a message to you, please check. rest assured we will do our best to help you. … 
the city of sanctuary has found a new hero, now the rest of pandora will meet their new savior. #borderlands2 in one hour, mortals. it's going to be another 
me being a crybaby is a catharsis. i feel attacked … 
roseanne identifies as a progressive. barr blamed her "progressive politics" as being the sole reason behind the rejection of roseanne's nuts' pilot. cindy sheehan was her running mate for crying out loud. 
yah, with sort of a nontraditional federation style which i like a lot. almost like a deep sea whale. 
i literally said out loud can you stop. i know how to use google. there’s nothing wrong with being a fucking idiot sometimes i also said april was from the office when i fucking hate that show … 
“killers” ice t “she’s on it” beastie boys “can you rock it like this” run dmc “all you can eat” fat boys just a few that you might want on that playlist 
worth watching if you're as big a kubrick fan as i had an album of some photos from pax you probably haven't posted, now is the time. 
ew my shuffle just played a racist's song 
false creek-fairview 16.7°c steady • dry and cool with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
sign me up for a man that will dick me down and cuddle me in their big strong arms every night #waiting 
q25 wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. doug larson #aldubhanggangdulo 
they thought todd would never find a way to make skyrim retro. he succeeded. 
starting to see all the political stuff come up about #rosanne. blaming liberals, against free speech, this and that. i even saw something about christianity. not sure what that had to do with anything. i already have a headache. 
roseanne is a wild card. i knew she would eventually be in hot water. just didn’t think she would blow it this quick. hopefully @ abcnetwork is considering a #darlene spinoff now. i mean, she has her new job with better pay. she could rent a place by jackie. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist chinese asmr 苏恩惠~兔耳女仆 哔哩哔哩 
no thanks, i don't need a device that will record my conversations, save them, and then transmit them god knows where. 
na, wouldn't trust that duterte is still in the right mind. that's being kind. no president will brazenly protect a crook in his own cabinet & call corruption sheer good luck of his crony. how does he make clean people in govt feel? or any decent, hardworking filipino? tangina. 
it’s weird to have a comment on reddit blow up. 
6 weeks paid short term disability. you plan on starting a family? 
this is why this game is stupid. no human can jump on top of a door … 
i remember the first time i saw that episode. was with a friend, years after its first run. we both chuckled that the idea well had run dry by that point in the 7th season. lol! 
@ eahelp was i supposed to receive a pack and token for the store issue? 
giuliani is a phony. he is not a patriotic american. his drive is basically drawn by his need for publicity as validation of his worth. 
yeah i thought let’s give it a try and how about when nothing surprises you anymore? um well, never mind. one should never let that ‘wow’ die. peace. 
jheez that’s a death wish. lil reese literally known as the chiraq grim reaper lol 
haha ok. let me guess you think wilson is not a dirty player too. 
@ akaworldwide to be honest, i was never a fan of hip hop but after i've listened to #beyonce, i was so taken by your music bro. i wanna join megacity right away and listen to good music. 
it’s a reasonable plan. … 
i liked a @ youtube video how to get better at aiming! | sensitivity & movement tips & tricks | fortnite battle 
sculpting/modeling curly hair is a pain in the ass. need to find a consistent workflow. yevon help me. 
ivewatched this ay least 92837494 times since last night he’s a whore! … 
a story behind the place dining table and dinette. mt @ eq3: @ vitadailyvan sat down with cdn designer shawn place to talk about the design and his creation process. eq3 2536 granville street #southgranville #findyourperfectstyle 
lmao. that's a good one 
kids are googling #sadmichiganfans at dinner in june and i’ve never been more proud as a dad 
for just a sec i thought they were demanding payment for the other hotel. … 
dude...u need a hug .. that's all i can argue 
today was a blast! nothing better than spending a beautiful day with good horses and learning from knowledgeable horse people. come on out tomorrow for day 2 of the harmony horse expo. … 
ha we should be on a team 
8th grade boys - pool a - milwaukee sharks def. runnin force 48-33 @ exposurebball 
sana could be a ravenclaw, too. she seems like the most open-minded. tzuyu is either a ravenclaw or a slytherin bc she's witty but she uses her wit in things like savage remarks and stuffs. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dante battle - shin megami tensei: nocturne music extended 
sometimes i think pictures aren’t actually whitewashed but they’re just like brightened ?? and the lighting has a lot to do with it and idk but sometimes they are actually whitewashed and i’m like wtf 
yeah u should probably be able to find something !! and it probably will be a bit cheaper since people just want to get rid of them 
also... chuckles. are you serious, i'm already having a hard time with mal missing some (i'm actually sending recs to the manga database every now and then), why double the effort... 
after finding out about this 2k.... i personally think they should change the age to 16+ and watch as these young kids dreams come to life in a second. 
i liked a @ youtube video yankee candle halloween haul 
well done. i can see you doing a very good job at this 
“imma be bored until (s)he gets off work.” a childish sentence i see every time i get on here 
trump’s child separation policy is a moral and constitutional abomination - slate … 
the thought had crossed my mind a time or two. 
it's not demi's fault. katy perry let everyone know that sexual assault against males is perfectly acceptable. especially if you're young, popular, rich and more importantly a a woman 
my baby ven a mi lewis el artista … 
find yourself a pup that cuddles with you 
i think i'll be stuck here while i get a vibrating purr massage on my thighs. 
that’s not even a wednesday night crowd baum stadium! … 
calling photographers! looking to join our community and volunteer your services at our next event? we are in search of a photographer friday, june 15th from 8 am - 10 pm. you will get an onstage thank you and be credited on flikr and all of our in… 
me gustó el video “whack world by tierra whack a film by thibaut duverneix and mathieu léger” de @ tduverneix 
we've seen your dm and we're here to help and give you the best service that you deserve, reyn. we've made a report on your concern, kindly check your dm for more information. thank you. 
"man is it ever ugly, but it's made a lot of money" - terry bulcher | 9 minuten video over de populairste 'buy-button' aller tijden :-) … #belcherbutton #copywriter 
he’s 46. he’s a registered sex offender, has 10 open warrants and i believe the mother is part of it!! 
"name of the company, aerotyne international. it is a cutting edge, high-tech firm out of the midwest." … 
aww it’s a surpise!! i wanna spill the beans but i think it’s best to save it until i can upload it :33 
all in all the goal of so-called "bathroom bills" is this: conservatives (yes, i include terfs in this) petition a bathroom bill in the bullshit cover of "women's safety" or "think of the children" in order to force trans women to use male only restrooms. why? 
i liked a @ youtube video kyro swanks - gangster grillz (prod. gee smiff) official music video 
hey @ mrbriankenny! great show! tbh, i'm not a huge fan of smoltz as an analyst for a few reasons, but those were some good convos tonight! and that transition? priceless! #mlbtonight 
what a wonderful lobbyist for gina he would make, except all his ‘mates’ in parliament despise him now! 
is this a trick question drg? 
bitches ain’t give a fuck about my relationship soo ..ill make a married man leave his wife. … 
another rich out of touch doo-dah who has never attended a public school, nor her children, yet she knows the needs of our schools. betsy, go away, go back to your money and stay clear of our kids. 
you should call her tho you sound like you need a talk 
one time i was driving to church, stopped at a stoplight, belting out showtunes at the top of my lungs, (i mean jazz hands & everything), & one of our pastors pulled up next to me at the light, honked, & gave me a thumbs up. it was not embarrassing at all. 
con el pri y pan el país es una porqueria! todo debe de cambiar! todo! basta de estilo tan malo de gobernar! hay que apoyar tecnología ideas y ciencia mexicana y venderla al mundo! que seamos potencia! basta de depender del extranjero! ademas nadie puede cambiar a trump! 
gabby dimarco is now a legend. wait for it. … 
a yank is derogatory word for an american. this fucking brit 
i think there is a good chance editorial won't let bendis screw the pooch just yet 
a big women crush wednesday shoutout to my… … 
a hot girl can get thousands of likes... how many can out troops get? 
i swear if there’s ever a coup that overthrows . @ elonmusk from tesla like what happened with x, i’m going throw something 
waking up before dawn for a long flight, so if you wanna ask an anonymous question that i’ll answer at 4am please do 
i give up ffs its 1am so i go to bed and my dads like ‘omg a day before we go on holiday and shes pissed off with me’ no im fucking not. but keep telling me i am... i fucking will be. sorry its 1am and i need sleep as i wont get any tomorrow. sorry i hate got with a passion. 
@ aritofanini boatos aqui que esse edward tá a sua cara hahahah 
blockchain technology is ideally suited for helping to reach both goals. thanks to the blockchain, anyone can now buy a share of highly-profitable real estate. this helps the small investors have more opportunities #genesis #realestate 
appeal to the awareness and sensitivity of men and women of the world and a call to the preservation of our only planet: un: "13 million tons of plastic are dumped in the oceans every year" 
what a small world 
i am supposed to be preparing a presentation for the ceo of my company but all i want to do is play fortnite. 
why would i advertise for a nonexistence site? 
whyseveryone suddenly talking about a lisa teaser 
has that 3rd thing always been there? are we gonna get a 3rd boss? 
hi majed, if the attempt actually took place and the customer is not home, our drivers are supposed to leave a notice at residential addresses. i'm sorry if you received conflicting information. can you please dm me your tracking number? i'll take a look for you. ^james 
i felt like such a little kid today. my dad put my bike together & as soon as i got home, i started riding it 
you are a beautiful human being 
holy snap! i last read (i think) part 4 and have been off and on twitter for a long time and just assumed you stopped. got to catch up! 
well marcon would have had trouble having a battle of whits with an unarmed person! 
i was so very not ready for the absolutely bizarre turn this took @ williamcrawley needs a prize for maintaining composure. i was laughing in horrified hysteria. i don’t think i’ve ever heard a more perverse claim on what’s “biblical”. homophobia’s one hell of a drug. … 
that's hard to do - based on the roster, you basically need to find a taker for one of jv or serge or both powell and miles. with no salary returning (ibaka could return a small ~7m salary). in any case, this all assumes cleveland wants to play along rather than try to keep lbj. 
how can you have a phd in chemistry and be a wakandan refugee? 
when you continually have to remind someone that they are in a relationship, i think it’s time for that couple to break up 
this is my life in a video. … 
@ vol_golf i shot 79 (8 over) and another 79 (7 over) at troon north, and boulders golf club in scottsdale, az. looking forward to potentially being a vol one day! 
i have. even his parody names have different rhythms and have a structure that, while funny, suggests a culture that shapes the way names are formed... 
this is what i mean by jordanism is a tumor on the nba. … 
all temps will be in f. i often forget to notate after the first notation...which drove my chem professors nuts. i'm also including one additive which...i'll explain in detail when i post it all, it may help the thc release/bind better and is a food additive. 
setka is a crook and albo is a dual and shorten is a philanderer 
thank you!!! after 3 years i know like. one anatomy. a single anatomy 
what the fuck there's a qr code on the back of seungsik pc? and it's for a video apparently? 
we tried to have a family movie night and my brother said he couldn’t join bc his feet hurt 
it’s riley’s birthday!!!! a.k.a the day the actual sunshine of my life was born :,,)) 
if you're not religious, you spend a lot more time appreciating the world as it is, the mysteries of the universe around us, and staying the hell out of other people's affairs... 
i really don’t think the da team would even let them do that tbh they’ve already said multiple times that they’re working on a game that’s extremely character based (thank fuck) 
pulling sludge out of a transmission is always fun 
robyn still hasn't released honey so i'm gonna call this a lie … 
oh i blocked spankula a long time ago! 
really hoping to see a @ sushitrash and @ postmalone colab. would bem awesome as fuck! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist *free* playboi carti x duwap kaine type beat prod. @ ihatescay 
we want a civilain oversight committee to review investigations that were already reviewed by team leaders, supervisors, managers, criminal ops reviewers, leadership, crown prosecutors, defense and then judges. but no appetite for civilian oversight on how govt spends our money? 
arms be bout to fall tf awff rt @ nepri_jamesss: i want it to be known that doing your natural hair and slicking it into some type of bun or ponytail is literally a full workout. 
i am but a remnant of a time long past, and though i am not the first, i definitely am not the the last. i am but a wonderous sign of many more to follow. those who are truly born again of god's word and spirit will testify on our behalf as word that has and will become as flesh. 
such a bum bro 
leading off: goldschmidt heats up, quintana faces brewers: a look at what's happening around the majors monday: 
i wonder if sekiro will have a customization mc or not. 
when you’re working and your manager sends you on a bottle run lol #sundayfundaaaay 
alright now #itsaqueerworld better find me a man 
clint: i didn't wanna do this, but i do know one way we could get the money. tony: you'd make a decent prostitute. clint: i'd make an amazing prostitute. 
#hindu utthan event in pune on 3rd june >we eat with them >we pray with them like the work? do contribute monthly a/c name: jan swabhiman welfare society, a/c no: 000701254577, bank: icici bank, branch: connaught place, new delhi ifsc code : icic0000007 
along why i don't care about "year of the linux desktop", and a good reason i am actually glad that steam has less than %1 linux users. i for one am not looking forward to windows gamers jumping ship to gnu/linux. so far no ones killed anyone for their opinion on init systems. … 
jonathan van ness waved at me and blew me a kiss at la pride! thank you @ jvn for making my life happy pride! 
i liked a @ youtube video céline dion - ashes (from the deadpool 2 motion picture soundtrack) 
you, a snowflake: buhhhh war & violence is bad me, a smart pragmatist: have you heard simon's incredibly irritating super deep voice 
hey @ lvh, i gave my son a couple hundred light up pens to test. does that qualify him as a pen tester? 
life is great so here’s a selfie :) 
@ remedygames alan wake had no fan base when it was released it was a new ip it's been 8 years since its release and it has a huge fan base now but still no sequel you guys are dropping the ball big time 
a quick question @ todoist : i saw your article on your website regarding todoist and google home: is this article in french too? i can't seem to make my google home understand that i wanna talk to todoist. is the feature available in french? 
maybe you should have discussed about having a much more open policy with the game changers. right now it isn't trustworthy. they need to show gamers the policies around it and communicate better. example been levelcap, kicked for no apparent reason (to us). 
y’all ever have a nigga threaten to get his girl cousins on you lmfao 
to those who think #robertdeniro should respect trump more, explain this: "a very low iq individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies". respect goes both ways. wanna bet deniro will use "punch drunk" to explain the deal with kim after this comment? 
it’s a good movie! 
inflict injury on oneself to win the enemy's trust: pretending to be injured has two possible applications. first, the enemy is lulled into relaxing his guard. second is a way of ingratiating yourself with your enemy by pretending the injury was caused by a mutual enemy. 
know thy self, know thy enemy. a thousand battles, a thousand victories. 
i just care about a #shrm18 vendor who provides @ garrettpopcorn 
i liked a @ youtube video cholo goes to beverly hills 
i liked a @ youtube video 23 year old game of tag 
after a big day of #e3 stuff, gonna watch #sdlive right now. 
i've always wanted to be followed by a famous person. lol!! 
i'd have to go back a long way to remember seeing a face with so much bitterness and anger all over it than @ owensmith_mp today when he crassly yelled at @ frankfieldteam in hoc. 
a minute 
finished product of dinner looks a little crispy but i swear it’s only because of the italian dressing marinade 
#samklein taking a ride on the slip ‘n slide today in #pipelinepark @ neversummerind @ coppermtn 
if we wish to wrest an advantage from the enemy, we must not fix our minds on that alone, but allow for the possibility of the enemy also doing some harm to us, and let this enter as a factor into our calculations. 
make a sound in the east, then strike in the west: in any battle the element of surprise can provide an overwhelming advantage. even when face to face with an enemy, surprise can still be employed by attacking where he least expects it. 
@ giantinsider what running backs do you guys think will make the final roster? does robert martin have a shot? 
the crip in you just won’t let a piru nigga be borrect lol 
prepare for the next nba season by purchasing a… … 
i liked a @ youtube video seth rollins and dean ambrose and the hardy boyz entrance - raw: sept 11. 2017 (hd) 
well i’m officially a stay-at-home dog mom. living the dream. 
tiey, what a smile … 
benedict cumberbatch - a career appreciation thread with links, infos and more 
why do leftists attack trump for deescalating tensions with a totalitarian regime with a horrendous human rights record, but praise obama for doing the same with iran? (i support the iran deal fwiw) 
harlyynrae, sweetheart, with a superb body and great breasts like you have, how can anyone fake image you? i think i would see a fake immediately!!! xxxjohnxxx 
my dad be so excited to train me lol..its a good feeling to have someone be excited to train you 
some wise person once said we find happiness in people misery like we laugh when someone’s slip on a banana.i don’t appreciate ppl trying hard to gather negativity for someone else film and i’m aware that someone has some truly shity fans but let’s not compete with them going low 
they seem to have a way to exempt themselves from what we are required to do. … 
i can take @ fawadchaudhry to the cleaners, but i have a bigger dream to come true just like any other loyalist of ik. and that is seeing ik as the prime minister of pakistan. so keeping myself quiet. … 
@ wwedanielbryan and @ therock i’m thinking about getting to some more healthy habits so i’m designing a diet for my self but i need for you to recomend me at least two of the best books about healthy eating if you can thank you guys #inspire #determined #heathylifestyle 
heading to le grand this evening to catch 2a no. 13 @ emsoftball hosting recently-named no. 15 @ bcluwcsd. comets bring a 6-game win streak into the contest, and the mustangs sit in 2nd in the nicl west, 2 games ahead of bcluw. #iahssb 
… i've just reviewed @ pajafaudree's book, "singing for the dead: the politics of indigenous revival in mexico" (duke university press, 2013) in the journal multilingua. published a few years ago but i recommend more linguists read it; it's a page turner! 
i just saw a lil white boy smoke crack and meth on the tl like that shit was funny nothing new but the internet really too much 
you need to renew your law degree mate,no need for a link between breach and contempt,he was in contempt as soon as he started filming,what you are arrested for and what you are charged with are often different. 
using the bible as a political justification is just as silly as using “may the force be with you” as a justification. … 
important and not just if you suffer from any of the issues mentioned (you should not need to suffer from a thing to want people who do in a better position) … 
and from this day forward, we will refer to upskirting as "choping". chris chope truly is a vile individual … 
every time i see the sunfish cover i get to see my bubbie and ... do you know how emotional that’s making me? very. she was so beautiful and tough as shit. i wonder what she thinks of being immortalized on a book cover 
i believe he labeled one of his tweets “day 30” so i’m pretty sure he has a calendar on his phone or something 
‘glasgow fire: major blaze ravages art school's mackintosh building’ all i can think is there must be plans and drawings behind this and this is a test. what do artists of tomorrow need today in their places of learning? … 
you know what they say about mangoes... you eat a man and go. 
. @ vinylmeplease is giving away a copy of god's favorite customer by #fatherjohnmisty. enter 
5/6/7/8th girls - pool b/a - lady trojans 5th girls def. lady centurions 4th girls 34-11 @ exposurebball 
didiiiirectito a la verga tu tweet bórralo now! 
aye, but unfortunately kdy has leslie laird, another labour mp & one i did meet re: council making mistake with rent a/c then trying to evict me, she seemed very nice but proven since just empty words. 
what am i supposed to say now? i've been here for a year straight while everyone, and i mean everyone, was away for several months or weeks without saying anything. it breaks my heart to see how my daughter's story doesn't continue. i just want to get the first chapter done. 
i just assumed old johnny rolled a rubber off-screen, so we wouldn't have to see patrick swayse's dick. 
kyla mainous has a show on 06/16/2018 at 09:00 pm @main street tavern in covington, ky #concert 
there's a man asking for money in yaletown but he plays this recording on a 10 second loop: "donations will be saved for housing, anything helps. alcohol and drug free, except for pot." 
he wont sign it! there will be a loop hole in it. not what he wants this is a rhino bill paul ryan will be leaving soon when the rhinos leave they always leave a mess! no! way this bill will pass. it's not what he wants! i don't trust him... 
such a classic! 
#saveshadowhunters #notourlasthunt please @ freeformtv if you can't afford to produce shadowhunters, air 3b in august then give the rights to a streaming service or network that can. there's no point in holding hostage a show that so many want simply because you can. cruel. 
my dad, thomas everett newton, usaf vet, he was a photographer for the blue angels. rip, 11/11/09. happy father’s day in heaven, dad. 
my body feels so dead... working 6 days a week has really taken a toll on my body... can’t wait till next weekend to work the last saturday for a while 
he has psoriatic arthritis!!!! give him a break!!!!!! he’s practically handicap. hitting the ball before it stopped rather than him breaking something trying to retrieve it in the sand. i’m appalled!! 
you may want to consider a consult with me. go to . … 
i’ve taken a few film classes so i’ve watched a bunch of musicals from the 1950s and i hate the way they kiss. they literally just smash their faces into each other 
i don't have a specific brand, just buy whatever has the least english on the label. 
#nowplaying on #cacoteoradio #reggaeton cosculluela - a donde voy (feat. daddy yankee) - … 
reducing the masculinity in the younger male generations nowadays too so no one kicks up a fuss(they shat it during the riots), they legit sat on the table and have this planned out so thoroughly that majority think it’s just a coincidence and can’t possibly tie in together. mad 
found a transponder snail! candid shots of the straw hats on their new ship! 
your argument is entirely opinion, and your agument is that since it’s called the “world cup” the trophy should be in a cup form, however you fail to notice the the sheer number of people who watch and attend the event, comepletely blows the stanley cup out of the water,l 
sending a postcard, one word: "flip" … 
amo un chingo a courtney act … 
when you are arrested and convicted for crimes against humanity, i want them to carve a swastika in your forehead. 
love is more kinds, but what is very safe and a eternal is love which come from the door of sweetheart. 
yay... 11 hours into my first shift back from vacation i finally get to sit down for a minute. 
cuomo went through a back entrance to avoid this crew 
i’d follow a dog anywhere … 
“i didn’t mean to-“ his hands were raised in surrender and he undid another button, but kept the one above his sternum buttoned. “fair?” he said with a chuckle, leaning in and nuzzling noses. “i know what /you/ want is to look like a couple out here.” … 
68° and a light rain...no complaints here....i also don't have baseball to work....so let it rain! 
falcons need to be uneasy about blowing a super bowl. get a life. 
you have no sense of morality if you say someone deserves to die. im a firm believer of rehabilitation not punishment/death. don’t @me. 
lrt i'm gonna have a heart attack 
trust yourself. know the ones that are the hardest to teach need you the most. learn with your students. create a joyful classroom that celebrates each student. find a "critical friend"! you've got this!!! 
remember when it used to be cool to share the stories of the desperate, grueling journey your ancestors undertook in order to get to america and pursue a better life? 
holy crap. i was searching for some keywords on twitter to see what others thought of the new voltron season (i like to see what other people are saying) and it’s a wall of erotic roleplaying. 
forever was just a phase 
i liked a @ youtube video girl says shes preg with baby jesus 
x made terrible decisions in his past and he was trying to make up for it. this generation doesn’t want anyone to be better they just wanna keep putting people down. don’t forget what someone did but don’t prevent them from trying to become a better person 
i knew that,a long time ago 
i must admit, gentleman thief media sure does like to add a dash of romantic cliches. the sad noble in a political marriage being swept off their feet by a dashing rogue. the princess carry. the free fall kiss. the sleight of hand revealing a bouquet of flowers. 
nothing like a good run to relieve some stress 
just got a box of leather/rubber gear in time for the fetish ball this weekend and it came with a nice note and a sketchy insert 
a belt from the ‘90s inspired andré saraiva’s next venture 
dear angelenos facebook friends, my company is looking for a graphic designer to work with one of our key client in town (music!). check the offer! (social media visuals, animations and video) 
yeah i might need to take a trip to @ publix since they have organic ice cream 
student: i want to work for nasa me: woah cool i went there it was awesome we ate pizza under a rocket ship student: oh. me: yeah, it was pretty great, everything taste better under a rocket ship. #nasa #counseloroftheyear 
i liked a @ youtube video australian e-grill plays degames live ~ come say hi 
you also need a really good juice bar. double ginger shots are better than a triple espresso. 
you can't turn a prepaid bitch... into a plan 
"coming back to a place you know you can play well at ... it's always a comfort." 2014 @ wichitaopen winner sebastian cappelen ( @ scappele) is ready to chase a second title at crestview cc. 
so many great players and you take some sorry ass dude that looks good against a bunch of scrubs 
he gone be able to do anything in atl.... free reign ... i’m sure he gone be more than a role player 
konipshun phit has a show on 06/23/2018 at 06:00 pm @music lynxx in mentor-on-the-lake, oh #concert 
im starting the killing of a sacred deer i hope its not scary 
maybe, but for you love is a gangbang in the basement of a run-down building. i'm not sure we can compare here. 
i'd wear that jacket to a u2 concert, b/c i really don't care about them, but not to any type of detention center. especially one for kids that aren't criminals. 
el líder tiene k liderar a su gente.y buscar soluciones. 
i gave a chuckle if that makes you feel better 
rae sremmurd dropped a triple disc so it’s not that surprising lol 
if yo chevy blue like whirlwind that’s a special type of blue......that is to be admired 
i am such a happy egg i got to see the supreme court (i was so excited i took such crappy pictures) and wowie wow i love it i’m so inspired and my dc trip has barely begun 
watching the #warcraft #mdi with a full lap. life is good. 
sorry, for not putting any update' s on the channel. but some stuff happened this week/last week and i will return in a few weeks. can't say a specific date in case something happens. i not be active on any social media until i get back. @ ross_mackieyt 
#blackadderbot baldrick, believe me, eternity in the company of beelzebub and all his hellish instruments of death will be a... 1/2 
ur lumping together illegal migrants who killed people, w/ little kids & their parents looking 4 a better life? then u told one of these parents today that their deceased family member looks like tom selleck? then u signed photos of all their deceased? you r one sick, sick "man"! 
we are proud of @ tedlieu today and humbled to have had him as a guest on our politics podcast! listen here: … 
today's money being wasted on a wall of shit and a gestapo force, only the money from 2009 matters 
no your wrong those images are from a protest. and a fake news reporter put it on line said children were being caged due to illegal entry. lie! 
i'm not sure "both these series involve x, therefore if a person likes one series, they'll like the other" is the best method for getting people into anime or anything else. 
holy fuck this is a great photo of the sun on my tl bless 
well the judge and the defense are still trying to pry that from mueller's team. so far no go. they indicted a corporation that wasn't created until after the date of the indictment - the virtual ham sandwich. nobody has seen any evidence yet. have you seen any evidence? 
i’m actually very proud of leith. one of my favorite characters. he went from a kitchen boy to a man with a title and land. he lost two of his loves 
i have created a new channel. … #guybehindacamera 
you mean the story that starts with a planet that is under sith occupation and later is blown up is a good example of the universe at rest? 
thought travis was calling me a top 
like she’s cute but a tour??? 
alliance joyce we got a second group 
i remember when mike was a man of faith, that ship has sailed 
ok no. seriously. no. white woman calls cops on black 8 year old child for selling water without a permit. that is unquestionably racist. you don’t get to school black women on racism. i am sure you pretend allyship too. you are dangerous. educate yourself 
yes, your fire truck is floor scale. :o) one of the scenarios in grand theft auto 2 had a fire truck that was armed with a flamethrower instead of a water cannon. 
he now has military bases to house kids. using kids as bait for civil unrest so he can deploy troops, est. martial law& literally take over the streets. seems imperative for him to meet w/putin on our soil. a powergrid attack w/help frm n. korea at same time could be devastating 
pissed a liberal off today. was in line to check out and he asked if he could cut in front cause he had 1 item. i told him no. the lady behind him had 4-5 items and was wearing a trump shirt so i let her cut. he was pissed. called a manager over and he said it was my decision. 
have a good show! 
always a fun time with @ zoeattinello by my side 
im not the one who started saying one was better than the other. i orginally said i couldn't decide between them to prompt appreciation for their genius, but then i got a ton of replies saying it was easy to choose between them, why are u struggling. 
you have been repeatedly saying that they kicked her out because of "opposing views" but that's not it at all. the problem with sanders is that she is a government employee, paid by our tax dollars and she goes up to that podium and constantly lies to the american people. 
el sabado me voy pal carajo, me pueden invitar a salir esta semana si quieren 
whoa!!!!!! @ jennaharrold let us know if you need a place to stay! 
to a point?... furnish me with the details of the reasons why you don't agree to it in it's fullest 
are you light as a feather? =) 
you're not even a little bit wrong that's what's so great 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist jacob lee - chariot (official music video) 
#repost @ michaelbleby with get_repost ・・・ making the afp wonks more collaborative and breathing agility into a modernist shopping mall: @ hassell_studio’s majura police centre allows the… … 
the letters of secession from the various states are jam packed with references to slavery. it truly was a war between "slaveholding" & "non-slaveholding" states. 
my sunday: universal studios in the am, ride 2 rides, drive to pasadena to talk to kevin feige for 10 minutes, now back to universal fo dinner and more rides. not a normal day, but a fun one. 
i hate seeing babies in their walking stage still having a damn pacifier i personally feel like they don’t need them or needa be out that habit at 4-5 months. but i’m not a parent 
what?! vegans are constantly sharing info about the barbarity of factory farming. like all the fuckng time, dude. get a clue. 
“san francisco” is high key one of my favorite songs of all time. @ themowglis are high key some of my favorite people of all time. coincidence? you 
it’s mandatory that i eat dem cheetos hot fries 3times a week 
once you shake off that pride hangover, come have a beer. another great week of world cup and good times. see ya tomorrow! sagebakehousesf @ sneakysbbq @san francisco, california … 
oh wow, if only yikyak was still a thing at this point in my life, the place i went to high school would be having a field day rn #missedopportunity 
now we are going to have years of moronic accusations of mark warner being a 'drunk' but yeah, how dare someone refuse to serve sarah huckabee sanders. 
illegal immigration and immigrant responsibility act of 1996 signed by pres clinton provides "expedited removal" for non-asylum seekers or those determined to not have a "credible fear." expedited removal orders are not appealable but may be reconsidered. … 
take a picture for us 
stuck - mxmtoon - i love this already - wow this is so relatable im crying?? - no really this is so relatable. im actually crying (ive kinda had a bad day and this hit the spot) 
fox has become a liberal outlet with the exception of around four shows, it’s a good alternative to those who see through cnn 
#ai technology is now being used to determine with precision if specific treatments can be applied to mental health patients. accurate diagnosis is a great challenge in psychiatry, making this finding very promising. 
sounds like a legitimate threat too her. imagine the president of the us threatening her, for calling for the gathering of a crowd. when the president starts threatening elected officials, it’s time we unelect him. threatens infants and toddlers and black women. 
wonder what your parents think of their baby girl hangin with the leader of the free world? in what world can this happen? just sayin as a plain old maga mom … 
i wish any of my art teachers had let us use a process of revision, and reiteration. it would have been good for my anxious and therefore perfectionistic elementary school self. i didn't need to hear "nobody's perfect"; i needed to see there were chances to revise. 
last minute dinner meeting with a major supplier for us. was not looking forward to it after a shit day, but it’s turning out well. 
i’m sure she’s taking a job... 
white people are so weird ! they’ll be living together, got a baby together, paying bills together, and still get nervous to get married lmfaoo bitch what you hesitating for?? 
prediction: montas goes on the dl tomorrow. a's call-up 2017 texas league championship hero, james naile. 
2/3 qatar's continued support of international terrorism is an open secret. just like the saudi's. again these are on my shithole country lists. america compared to these country's freedoms and human rights and quality of life is way superior. america is not a utopia. it is 
thanks lewis at #winecountrytrattoria for getting my friend and i a last minute reservation! #pixarfest #castmembercompliment @ disneylandtoday 
nope, just learned to disregard it i have noticed though that i often have a dozen or more drafts for the same email listed in the gmail web interface. it's like saves a new draft each time instead of replacing the previous one. 
anyone could say yep that's mine. we did change him after season two (which was four years ago) why pipe up now and make shit that no one wants or cares about. your on ps4 and don't even use the fucking name, get a life. 
false creek-fairview 19.6°c steady • dry and comfortable with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
buddy, a former #housepig on his #sunsetstroll across the pasture. this guy who weighs somewhere around 300 lbs was sold as a tiny baby #minipig and then he just kept growing. now he's… … 
the same way you can be all into stupid ass songs and movies and dumb ass shit is the same way you can give a damn about this! 
i must’ve been smoking some fuck shit when i tweeted this because there is no way in hell that any of this was a good idea. … 
that is a flat out lie. hc worked all her career to help the less fortunate regardless of skin color, religion or socioeconomic background. we have never had a more qualified woman to lead this country. 
i appreciate the sentiments, but since i’m not twitter elite and don’t act like a know it all (ok with this) my exposure #onhere is limited. appreciate the good followers like you. 
yeah it's just a shit organization and the guy who's gonna give roman polak 3x$2.75m on july 1 isn't gonna turn it around lol. screw it, i'm writing the damn column. 
imagine how mad peole would get if they didnt bring it back but i have a feeling they will bring it back later today or tomorrow with the week 9 challenges 
i had a horrible childhood. i had nightmares everywhere, and everyday. 
trying to stay positive but it’s hard when every visit or test brings more questions and disheartening news instead of answers and treatment. i can only say i’m glad i came home because even though this is all costing a lot of money, us care would have cost 1000 x more. (no joke) 
2am crisis hitting hard, thinking about how i'm 24 fucking years old and i've never even been on a fucking date... what a joke 13 year old me had so many hopes, but now i just feel like i'm unlovable and that's fucking stupid and untrue, but what can you do 
i want a burger but i only have 14 dollars in my bank account :-( 
i said the same thing if i can get my face a lil more clearer i really would hardly ever wear makeup … 
seriously you must know democratic party leaders. talk to them. if you’re right, this is a way to stop it 
nash was a trade 
i just blocked someone for making a snarky comment about my cat and i have never felt so justified in blocking before 
so sad: a 10-year-old boy had reportedly just told his family he was gay. little anthony avalos was then found mortally wounded at his home with severe head injuries and cigarette burns covering his body. he died the next morning. … 
wait a min 00:05 - 00:07 was that really how suga danced it looked like one of those balloons 
@ merseysiderwa present us our big cheque after the lovely david robinson @ seftonmayor cut the golden honey ribbon with @ ssenorthwest beekeeping students from @ rowanparkschool a sunny day all round @ fordlanegarden @ 
i liked a @ youtube video baldi's basics: the story you never knew | baldi's basics in education and learning 
...self portrait lead in to one of my favorite poems by nikita gill called “don’t be beautiful”: . . they keep saying that beautiful is something a girl needs to be. but honestly? forget… … 
i really want a jeep!! 
that’s the mindset of a participation trophy child 
you know i haven't seen no big . you didn't bout no fella shooting a dude in a ape suit did ya? air-ya-go. 
quejesto. mimos. aw. mimos. achucha a the can. 
huge, huge corporate subsidy. middle class loses big time. what a mess. 
my horrible hot busy day almost turned into the best day when i thought @ marenmorris followed me and it was a fake :-( 
how bout we just say the press is doing satan's work and call it a day. … 
congrads to matt barnes,struck back at that gold digging broad...but she is ok cause derek fisher is about to wife the trick...fisher is about the dumbest son of a bitch on earth. ex wife in his pocket for 130k per month and now this broad about to take all his bread 
i got a new case for my 3ds!! i picked another sentimental circus one, this time with a marine theme to fit nanami 
10. taegi- these two were so underrated till the producers decided to pair them together for a friendship trip during bon voyage. these two bonded and showcased lost of affection for one another. looking back they were close in the early days of bts and are showing their closenes 
anybody looking to find an apartment in portland? there's a couple nice afford 2 bedrooms around rn and m/ecas giving me hell about getting nushki up here but i trust the facebook queer exchange about as far as i can throw it for that 
it’s so hot in vegas that when i put bread down in the trunk of my car to make a sandwich it deadass got toasted. 
retweeted chase oaks church ( @ chaseoaks): summer moms connection in july, are you pregnant and/or have pre-school aged children and want a little break this summer? we are offering moms connection in the summer! we... … 
also, why does trump say he wouldn’t ask about roe v wade? because it’s just fine for a dem to make that his/her litmus test. 
this is like in grade 9 when i had a bunch of rotten milk in my locker that i forgot to take out, it spilled, and i thought that febreze would take care of it 
227+million non-trump followers who are a united front against bullsh++, are going to crush the trump/putin agenda and the gop into oblivion in 2018, they are dropping like flies already saying they won't run, update those resumes boys, the "party" is over 
never a joke to gorsuch: … 
unlike with england, the germans don't like the dutch much either. a mutual rivalry. 
just created a meme from my prom #memeyourselfchallenge 
sis if ur gonna say phil outsold our favs atleast own up to it and don't delete the twt . why puff that shit back in ? — i deleted the tweet because some dumbass put the n word in a reply and i don't want that racist s... … 
stream fake love at yt to have a vlive of taehyungie and yeontan. we all want that right? … 
they did have a date after filming 
sorry - nearly funny, but not. trouble is, all the real giraffes have been shot by stupid, rich americans who don't understand - 1) "big game hunting" is an outdated abomination. 2) it's not "big game hunting" if the target is a herbivore - loathsome, murderous guys please note 
and the end we've a dinner 
already halfway to a sushi roll 
the dorftrottel trump lies and said he has guaranteed that nk will get rid of their nukes. in actuality, that was pure bûllshit. trump got played like a 50 cent flute. 
when one of the mcdonald's lobby girls gives you a balloon animal. mcdonalds @mcdonald's restaurant … 
let me check on my friend after dennery carnival because sometimes she believes she’s a chaser with all that alcohol she drinking 
take a power move 
the last time i had it i got just shrimp & the shrimp wasn’t clean lol. ima just stick with veggies only 
seems to me like not having kids is a lot more natural than having kids … 
\/ u c k o n t h a i l a n d s 
dang, i have a right thumb on top as well 
super easy, super good. daycation is extended into a full on vacation. - drinking a daycation by @ highlandbrews 
we need a @ charli_xcx collab first 
i have just been a good day and i dream of dinosaurs. 
how do i become one of these people who are addicted to working out and healthy food? is there a secret club? do i have to sacrifice a goat? help a girl out!! 
luv being a second choice always 
a) no it was not. b) you will regret it tomorrow. 
the lion king has always been my favourite with wall-e coming in a very close 2nd. … 
yup! granted 2500 iranians citizenship during his “iran deal” which was never a deal-it was an extortion tactic;obama gave away the store all in one big wad, which is just a bit more than a smidgen! 8 yrs to destroy this country:how long to rebuild? … 
and let s finish with something that is the occupied western sahara. under rutte the netherlands signed a about 14 million € deal to fish in occupied waters. … 
1/10th of the scandals @ scottpruittok @epascottpruitt has going right now would taken down a normal epa admin.and severely damage a normal administration. but @ koch_industries $$$ is a powerful drug for the @ … 
my grind doesn't stop cause you don't like it... i have a dream and i am doing any and everything to see it come true! be along for the ride or get lost #workingwoman… … 
i hope this is the week leo gets a one on one #thebachelorette 
i wasn’t aware that low rise jeans are not a cute thing to wear anymore i’m embarrassed and my friends are fake for not telling me 
y’all really think the rules are different when you put a ring on it?? what kind of petty, cheating, trifling relationships are y’all in?? 
wow that was a awesome trend to hop on.... too bad you live in texas so no one will fuck with that tweet for starters and tennessee is fucking garbage. try again … 
after doing it “right” for years i’ve now found the perfect way. par boil, drain, shake in a sauce pan to rough up. hot oil and marmite!!!!, cover the pots in it, 45 minutes at 180. nice savoury, not very marmite taste, crisp outer, fluffy inner 
email me your address, we will get a magnet in the mail. 
i mean maybe it was a woman but i feel like only a man would attempt to explain the meaning of an author's work to the author. 
in related news, i have purchased a membership at proformance fitness on river road. … 
@ uspshelp 1. i tried to call in and complain about a delivery today but your phone system is literally the worst. 2. i came home to the image attached. this is unacceptable. maybe put a rock on it so it doesn’t blow away. 
@ foxnews it's a pity gop don't announce the alarm of what they've done for prices to sky rise. sabotage obamacare for prices to go up. … 
i’m gonna be pissed if the yankees get greg bird a ring 
day 2 of 10: i've been nominated to choose my 10 fave films. we all know the drill: post a film poster, don't explain, nominate. today i nominate @ jstn_vn (bukas ka na dais prepare na 
@ l8on10dell254 you’ll never believe what happened, i dropped that dark haired one i was with and got a blonde 
need to beat the summer heat? whip up a party with @ nillawafers from @ walmart and keep cool with easy #nobake recipes #nillasummerparty #contest 
ain't the world a remarkable place! 
you’re telling me. we finally get a new alt-j song. and the only time they arent speaking in morse code is for 1 hook? and the longest verse is pusha t rapping about foreign cars and foreign broads? 
peter shoves the drugs back into his pocket before rising to his feet. he hadn't questioned a stranger's motives in years, so he just does as he's told and follows grayson. … 
a bath? what am i, a lady of olden times? i do listen in the shower though - my bts playlist on shuffle but skipping all the slow songs because i don't need to get emo in the shower. wrong vibe wrong place 
"any society that will give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both." --benjamin franklin 
well, classical liberalism is possibly close to that. it's a little bit centre but could go left or right, depending on the particular topic. … also, i'm not entirely sure that i am a complete classical liberal. centre left is probably a good description. 
she brought her dead bf back to life in a robot and then fucked him lmao idk man 
people who double text are such a blessing 
i only speak the truth !!! jimin has been found dead in a ditch 
this’s a muslim tradition most of them they want to be a god and make judgment to people , and put there noise in people life 
life is a tragedy, confront it. life is an adventure, dare it. life is luck, make it. life is too precious, do not destroy it. life i #iyuz 
seeing a pattern yet? then look closer #truththeory … 
zero sweetener of any sort? undrinkable to me. but if you’re doing that >> adult with an a. 
i liked a @ youtube video yung bans - ridin ft. ybn nahmir & landon cube (dir. by @ _colebennett_) 
false creek-fairview 24.2°c steady • dry and comfortable with a gentle breeze • barometer rising slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
ima always fend for dogs when some wild shit happens to people in their space.. cuz i dont even like when people parked out from my house and i got the ability to think more rational than a dog lol 
ofra, your rebrand making this look like a @ fentybeauty ad 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist rihanna - unfaithful 
thank you everyone for helping accomplish our biggest giveaway goal yet. we were able to give a @ playstation 4 to a very kind soul. @ scarlette511 is amazing for covering shipping outside the u.s. & a special thanks to @ khaljiit and her @ twitchkittens for always being there for 
[food] muffins are easier i am still trying to figure out a reliable way to defrost the pumpkin ones in my freezer. diy microwave meals etc 
the universe is a lie buy gold!!!! 
you’ve ever just needed a break from people 
sorry i'm a little #late going #live right now playing some #fortnite! some #solo warm ups. maybe some rainbow six later with @ 
be a gentleman, break her bed not her heart. 
@ ronnie2k could you give me a pd kobe please 
i told my gma a barista gave me a free drink & she said he probably just made too much. lmfao i hate her 
did he make a reasonable good-faith effort to determine whether there was or was not a crime going on before he called police? it seems unlikely as she could have easily shown him her keycard worked. 
i love trees i would never eat their leaves or veggies because unlike soulless vapid mass consumers i value what they have done for our way of life 
i test mfs to see if they have a sense of humor or not i just be wanting to see 
my lil sister gone be straight in a couple years i promise 
gone be a long shift 
i want this on a phone case 
i mean, hats off to her, i wish her the best and i'm glad to see a young face replace some uninspiring dinosaur. i just don't want the dems to think that kind of politics is their midwestern meal ticket when it's just gonna get their lunch stolen. 
so what is your point? if you were arbitrarily removed from medical school - despite not being a doctor yet - would you have felt any better about it? unrealized potential is a missed opportunity... thank you for your service and sacrifice 
just a little recap from the bay 
oliver took the bedsheet and smelled it deeply, it smelled like elio and it made him happy, oliver put his red shorts on and laid on elio's bed that now smelled like elio and perfumes mixed with sweat and cum, oliver actually thought that it was a great smell, their traces were+ 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist bobby darin - beyond the sea 
"a skilled sniper will ignore everything in waiting for a perfect shot. i do find their level of patience admirable though." 
a shirt i recommend. @ 
if u dont wanna pay then dont hmu ........ superman even asked to take a selfie ..... 
caesar's route is out and i couldn't finish the second route of klaus yet i'm a loser 
the next group was some girls dancing to latata, and they were great too, they didn’t have a big crowd tho like the guys before 
agreed! but i'm hoping with rockstar and haleigh knowing the swaggy plan ahead of time gives them time to plan for a way to still send winston home. praying the bros don't make it to next week #bb20 
and it took too long to release the damn video. how you gonna send a song to mediabase in november but wait until january to release the video. it was so boring and not even worth the wait. 
propaganda sorry you bought it clinton left the wh head over heels in debt. obama never profited from his position.trump not collecting a paycheck is another one of his cons as he makes more than his annual salary from his trip. the man is dishonest pathological liar. research 
ivan isn't a big/little spoon, hes a spork 
assisti the witch achei a maior viagem adorei demais 
oh. okey. thank you and have a good day hafiz. 
yes a baby, and probably the best baby ever. 
$35 for a bottomless brunch for two at the lantern, greenwich village (a $98 value).. 
usually get in from a model show still in the glow of "well i didn't buy much really"... lasts until half way through the process of listing it all on our website's "my stash just grew again" thread, when the sound of an "oops" is heard, approaching as if from a great distance... 
i liked a @ youtube video top 5 endangered pokemon! 
after a long morning at the spa, we're finally getting some time to relax poolside. 
you’re saying you don’t understand why but there are many scholarly journals and papers written about this issue that would help you to understand why a statement like that is off putting. you can find these sources through google 
i had a moment man i had a moment! 
sick of wearing my hair in a bun 
i liked a @ youtube video splatterhouse 2 by zallard1 in 17:41 - sgdq2018 
i'm all for a kickback 
i had a friend bring me some. i don't think it's enforceable unless you are loading up trailers full. 
as long as it's for alcohol too. don't appreciate my dog gobbling up cig buts and chewing on bottle caps. don't mind him eating the roaches though. they will never hurt her. may get loaded and possibly have a puke like humans when had a bit to many tokes but won't hurt her. 
i liked a @ youtube video dragon ball z - perfect cell theme guitar cover 
you’ll adapt in a few years and a 50 degree day will feel like the coldest day you’ve ever experienced 
hey haters and naysayers say something about my boo trae young now. he shut y'all up in a big way #truetoatlanta 
still a ways to go for a real trade war but as always we will first waive casualties 
so you see class. the lesson today is that social media is merely a highlight reel. that is why "jimmy gets high tonight" stay tuned boppers stay tuned" 
she bangs like a ferret on acid 
everybody that’s asking for my discount before i leave better be bringing me a gift 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist skrillex - all is fair in love and brostep with ragga twins [audio] 
i liked a @ youtube video baby boy name reveal!!! 
i just sneezed 13 times in a row wtf 
this is a great idea. … 
also, @ speakerryan "we should set high standards for ourselves, so that we can be role models and set examples, and clearly people have been falling short of that, and i think we always have to endeavor to do a better job." … 
that movie is a ride it's very good but i couldn't watch that bit 
this coming from a man who supposedly investigated the birth place of president obama while having an affair with a porn star and a play boy playmate. … 
ah yeh pretending to like football for attention, go suck a fart you fkn salad 
#thedarlingseries by diana quinones rivera starring @ darlingshear is dropping monday, july 16 with a free screening at reunion chicago with @ symbioticseries. rsvp: 
if i have kids i’m raising them to be yankees fans. they deserve a chance at happiness 
in short, the story republicans have been telling is you can’t have a political opinion and serve in a job that involves oversight or investigations. #projection but ok, i’m looking forward to 200 resignations so #trumprussia can be properly investigated. #partyfirst #gopbastards 
i call this a shopping cart?? … 
isn't that a hot background! 
she was a threat to their imagined manhood and they will never let it go. 
the best part of this video is when the lady says "..salsa dancing has actually been a tradition here at orchard beach for over 50 years!"...all while people are dancing to bachata in the background. i can not. @ thrillist @ delta ya'll … 
i won the come take a look! achievement in nier: automata become as gods edition for 25 #trueachievement 
i keep a good thought for you 
maybe i should be a coyote fan? 
i would pay triple the price of a build a bear rather than wait in one of those lines. 
desaparecidos does it pretty well on "read music/speak spanish." not a funny skit, but a conversation that demonstrates the shallowness of the narrator for the following song. it only happens a couple times on the album, so it doesn't wear out its welcome after multiple listens. 
i thought of inception at first, but i feel like this could be part of a lab or secret headquarters. 
editorial: emmett till's legacy endures in chicago and across the country. we hope a new investigation into his death will reveal all the facts of what happened to him, writes @ trib_ed_board. 
i lost in a ranked and is was the most funniest game i played 
win your very own copy of magnolia table cookbook and a $25 gift card! … 
@ idaklockmann women over 49 and girls under 15 are not covered in the indicators- this is political and is a key point of @ sexogsamfund advocacy in the review of indicators #dataispolitical #sdgs #hlpf2018 @ denmark_un @ globaltfokus @ dstdk 
i love this.... what a adorable pupster. 
why are popular “artists” either cry baby calarts trust fund “activists” boring predictable “abstract” art(aka queefing paint on a canvas) or pedo freaks who draw cp of real child actresses/rape of real people. 
night 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dominate self awareness and life perspective 
you know it's friday the 13th when the @ braves get a call overturned thanks to replay. 
church in a few w/ cousin . 
trump would be drooling, but looking at this he would have to best chance in an overall election. democratic party is a disaster. 
literally any living thing is just a “bunch of cells.” your argument is both scientifically and morally bankrupt 
well at least you have more room for all that big dick energy! congrats by the way, that’s a huge drop!! how long did it take 
minister nene, will you attend @ glblctzn festival in johannesburg this december and commit to achieving a stunting free generation by 2030 so that all south africans can grow great? @ treasuryrsa #bethegeneration #growgreatness #goodfood 
i think she said rockstar was campaigning to get brett out, but i could be wrong 
i liked a @ youtube video #freetommy: police refuse sargon at anti-tommy demonstration 
youtube is such a weird experience, it's like one second you're watching funny videos and the next it's like nature videos then it's sad videos about people surviving jumping off the golden gate bridge 
my cousin just told me she loves me so i gave her a muffin 
now there’s a nice idea! … 
all i want is a nacho bell grande from taco bell 
wow wow what a show last night @ dreamgirlsldn @ msamberpriley gave me goosebumps she was outstanding 
j'ai ajouté une vidéo à une playlist @ youtube - scott, allison and isaac were playing a joke on the alphas twins // teen wolf 
#blackadderbot you have a woman's bottom, my lady. i'll wager that sweet round pair of peaches has never been forced twixt two... 1/2 
i look at my "quitting" as changing habits. the vape is helping me a lot but i'm gonna have to work on that "habit" as well. some times i use my vape way to often bit still feel better than smoking cigarettes. 
i think i've got a spot to set up for the #rdc2018 interviews. 
@ lynsey_lady imagine pishy calling anyone a cowshulda asked him if he's seen nellys scud vidsand as 4 anyone being a pussy hel no his da got battered pishy done fk all 
a treble with united to make it more glorious! … 
i introduced zo to harry potter this weekend. i think she a fan. 
real talk both were a pleasure talking to this weekend 
quando eu lembro que amanhã é 
i think i do, danny. i was trying to explain that to u when u told me, in effect, to get lost. i know u for the decent man u are. i think u want to engage. but it is hard. really hard. and i’m sorry u think i patronised you. i’d like to try again. there is a lot at stake here. 
it was a quick notion, hana almost figured it was a part of her desperate imagination at this point but yes, that warm, toned bicep was indeed resting on the back of her neck and suddenly the room is on fire and she needs an escape route. 
@ rocketcatgames guys i really wanted to share with you about my emotions of death road to canada,i never played an any game with such a pleasant interest and hardened and i know that much possible that you guys wouldn't mentionn my tweet,but can you add in game alcohol drinks? 
i’m an independent woman who is graduating with a masters tomorrow. self love is so so important. i earned this msc. i need to remember who tf i am. 
i won the you are not a human, are you? achievement in dmc: devil may cry: definitive edition for 15 #trueachievement 
ugh snapped. i stan a mutual legend 
guys. three words. cream soda float. when restaurants start serving these alongside root beer floats, i’ll finally have a reason to shut up about star wars for a little while. 
most black women nowadays worship beyonce. but you on the other hand worship janet jackson. lol. way to go in a complete opposite direction sis 
hi @ twittersupport i am not a . i am just trying to save a show over here and occasionally re tweet some political stuff. starting wonder which one is the problem. please remove my shadow ban. thank you! 
should note i yet to have a 4k player or a 4k tv. just couldn't help myself. 
through what? she married at 18, never had a job, never traveled. she has done nothing! plus she lures in young females for her husband to have sex with 
im a bad bitch you can't kill me 
and you are an unhinged low info running around throwing around words like racism because you can’t have a normal conversation. 
legolas nodded, reaching to caress her cheek before pulling away completely and he mourned the loss as he always did when they weren’t touching. “i know a place, a little ravine, so the horses may drink. i packed apples, carrots and oats for them as well,” he added, patting - 
“bad news, good news!!!* bad news… i believe this will be my last year of being a domme. times have...” 
hey jim...i don't know what game you are playing but #maga movement doesn't need anyone slowing the train down. back off with your crazy tweets about trump and treason! trump is not a traitor! true definition of that word is killary and barry! #dems4gitmo 
i saw a clip and im so proud omg you were amazing 
speaking as a winner i can say hands down @ smorgsinnit is the best ! and honest . 
silvio #berlusconi, former populous pm of #italy, overpaid his second wife a whooping, € 600 million euros in alimony. 
2012 kd 30/6/2<lbj 29/10/7 2017 35/8/5<34/12/10 2018 29/11/7>34/9/10 + lebron had a higher fg% all 3 series 
like i said, "banning common, popular semi-automatic rifles." "kathleen williams calling for a near ban on ar-15 semi-automatic rifles" … 
everytime i watch a yt video i get the same ad for the movie “the meg” with the shark following the dog and im not seeing the movie unless the dog doesnt get hurt 
@ george takei, #45 is a liar, liar pants on fire! our country needs to put this man out b-4 america burns down! 
venturing to a deep forgotten temple to slay r'hal'yogth with the boys #justsaturdaythings 
i don't have an attitude problem, you have a problem with my attitude. that's your problem, not mine. 
3 years ago today limousine liberal won his 2nd race in as many starts @ ellisparkracing with @ davisjockey .he would go on to be a multiple graded stakes winner, and is schedule next to go in gr1 forego.. @ hr_nation like to see his 2nd win listed in your chart..near track 
current weather in #turriff. it's 10.4c wind 0.0mph a calm from ---. rain since 12am 0.0mm. 
pearl holds her thoughts and emotions deep inside her, and probably felt that breaking a promise to someone she’d basically been in love with would be the ultimate betrayal of her legacy. the part where you mention that rose/pd was clearly setting up steven to know may... 
@ bestinnj how’s this for a lobster roll nina? 
i've been a little out of touch. for those of you that still follow me, what steaming platform do you watch consistently/prefer? 
there should be a massive protest! i would go! 
jace long leads after 1st day of @ aprotour tour with a 65. pga veteran tom gillis in the field along with a lot of conditional web guys. scores below … 
a man who cooks is gratz vin! 
. @ caldercannonsfc skipper madison prespakis adds a vic metro and under-18 aflw mvp to her cv to further push her draft claims - 
what is a clothing line is basically "i want to die" 
« to this is: the boys who pine over a love that never will be. why continuously hurt yourself for the same outcome? what does that accomplish for you? love is frail and fragile and it needs to be nursed. love is broken in a lot of women. so, boys... i need you grow up. 
lmaoo my point exactly. people be judging you for that. but it's a good thing you got elite mentality. cydm 
i liked a @ youtube video noah cyrus - stay together (official video) 
i just jokingly asked austin what his thoughts were on me being a sugar baby just to get a rise out of him and he dead ass said “for $1000 and you would get free dinner? idk why you aren’t doing that” 
#happymothers yes amazing app builder $9 a year apps 
[txt negasonic] jane: yeah i can't sleep either what i do to sleep better is lay on my bed and start relaxing slowly each part of my body, from toes to head, also arms and fingers...or just take a pill to sleep. i have some lol 
what a good friend and loving father. 
if you grew up in (and still remain in) evangelicalism, this is a necessary and refreshing read. if you are studying to go into ministry (@ozark students) this is not an issue that will go away and we will keep seeing the consequences. … 
giving me $7million and asking me on a fourth date in paris after sex … 
i’m totally with it.... one night and it’s not like you’ll need a lot anyway 
i have spent about $30 on strike force. i'm desperate for a universe focused game and it is filling in that gap despite how pay to win it is with the consumables. 
a job guarantee/national minimum wage @>101% of median wage and more direct democracy including in (bigger) private and public institutions and firms would be a mighty good start. no economy is done with creative destruction so competition is only bad for increasing inequality. 
nobody but the 30% and you seem to have a problem with the nfl. you do because they would not sell you a team. your just vindictive. 
banner rolled his eyes. “for a smart guy, you don’t seem to have much common sense.” … 
no jams still stanning v*nt*ek*m bc she’s pretty despite her being a literal racist,,, yall’s kboos are jumping out 
preparing for that special event? let chef david and his team create an exceptional, seasonally driven menu for your special occasion. whether it’s friends and family gathering for a… … 
this is a diabolical practice!!! … 
i'm sorry @ jamesgunn lost his spot at @ marvel because @ disney is shitting itself bout a merger. getting a fantastic four movie isn't worth watching micky mouse suck off the potus. 
wow that’s a slap in the face 
omg @ cityofthefeels lola, paige, richard are not on here!!! what’s if it’s a sign!!! i could be freaking out over nothing but still what if someone dies in the season 5 finale … 
of course intersex people exist. they don't constitute a third reproductive class. that is why they are called intersex. 
i'm going to a horse show this weekend and hauling someone and her kid and omg i can't have a 4 yr old in my truck i'm storing coolant and brake fluid in there 
kourtney kardashian’s boyfriend younes bendjima loves that she’s a ‘cougar’ 
yes! it's terrible for kids. my asthma returned ten years ago. all the air quality alerts, even on weekends which wasn't a thing. 
it’s lit and a new bop! do you think we can hear @ bts_twt's song fake love today? @ mostrequestlive … 
i'm over my cold! now i'm standing in a cold shower at 2 am, because i am covered in hives on every conceivable inch of my body 
i need a sweetheart in the streets and a sadist in the sheets 
as the dawn slowly turns to dusk, she awakens with a growing sensation. lightning flashes but never touches the steps she takes. 
hmmm i was thinking of the lyrics from the sharpest lives but i have no clue what the new fic is going to be called ah well... — if you consider what the fic is about, it's pretty easy to figure out lmao but yesssssss i was a... … 
you are such a dick 
enter to win a $25 amazon gift card … via @ bookcavedeals 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist how to have a garage sale | 15 tips | successful garage sale 
chris wallace in not a conservative.... 
i'm tired of seeing this tweet son. niggas witnessed 5 titles in 10 years and think we care about chris kaman taking a nap vs the cavs. y'all winning the game by 23 in the pic … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist duke dumont - ocean drive 
also, destiny is a fickle bitch and gives me my least favourite poké, simipour, and makes it my strongest one. i never even used tyranitar. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist mindstate - how to get back on the horse every time you fall off.. 
how about have the kappa make you a motor boat? it'd make your job fun. #jpzbot 
hydro pump is the best damaging move in the game, it beats both psycho cut and psychic (which are by a higher stat pokémon). if all of hydro pump hit a single pokémon, the total damage is higher than that of psycho cut and psychic, even if the hydro pump pokémon is twice as weak. 
been ready for work for like 2 hours. still have 30 minutes until i have to leave. i have a love-hate relationship with late night shifts. 
huge #shoutout to @ olyfiredept e04 for traveling a loooong way to put out a small fire when all of our units were busy with other calls..... it’s good to have friends you can count on! 
it’s no secret i’m a book worm! i’ve been wanting to read these two little gems after discovering this author. #bookworm #youareabadass #research @henderson, nevada … 
guys serious problem: i need a porn star name 
lawd, less than a minute until i see @ kmichelle and @ kalisworld on my television and together at that! yassss! how could i forget @ missterray #lhhh 
you are a low life scum mr comey! how corrupt is the fbi? i hope you go to prison! 
this would be future items. the flamethrower would go up to 17 meters and do 5-10 damage for every 1 second you are in the "fire path" the wired tnt trap would be like a proximity mine but only can be placed on walls. the player tracker is something that you can throw on your 1/2 
have a safe trip!!!!! 
or not be a akward person and make some new ones also?!? 
this ain’t no regular lightstick, this a high class lightstick, bitch this a lightstiqué 
am i the only person who is 49 years old that still has to think in her mind “i before e, except after c?”. like on a regular. isn’t that 4th or 5th grade? yeah, i’m that basic. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist e16: raw - international flair | kevin owens vs jeff hardy 
kaoru: oh hello sweet girl.... you ran so far and fast just to come see me? ;* rimi: i’m gay kanon: dude you’re turning red are you ok??? are you sick???? kaoru: she must be afflicted with a terrible disease... the disease of love kanon: then call her a fucking ambulance 
please continue with your “russia” theme. it will elect more republicans than you can count!! 1% of america gives a darn. we’re tired of you crying wolf for the last 2 years... really.. but.. if that is all you got.. then i can see you beating that dead horse...over and over 
my first time going out as a mom is going to be hella ratchet so ima need to go far far away.... 
come see me, put a smile on my face 
i don’t know if it’s just me but i think melo will be a great fit for houston 
if you told me 5 years ago a casual tuesday night would involve a conference call with me, @ sammijawsome and my boss on teaching comprehensive-ish sex ed to blind teens i would never believe you and also have a lot of questions. 
i will put out a link once i finalize the deets (aiming for a saturday afternoon in @ downtown_london with easy access & pastry) 
putin's ego cant handle the protest that would await him plus he's just a handler trolling his subject to let him know who says when and where.... 
it’s so upsetting when you do something for someone out of the kindness of your heart and it’s so unappreciated and goes without even a simple thank you 
bruh i realize on his lmao i was tripping for a second and basing it off of hers imma go 
everyone has problems...you deal with them this way??? ....now you face the consequences..... don't expect someone to shed tears..you're an adult learn to deal with life in a better way than … @ ddlovato 
am a beginner. nae chance . 
a few reasons why trump may give amlo what he didn't want to agree with epn (just spec): 1) he may feel more at ease with an anti-establishment' politician; 2) fighting a very popular president is tougher; 3) nafta talks went too far now & he needs a trade 'victory' asap.. 
if anyone ever needs someone to talk to bc they feel alone, hopeless etc, please do not hesitate to message me. no matter our past or if you’re a stranger i will be here with open arms to help bc i am tired of losing souls to suicide or attempts at it. you always have me 
during trevor linden's 4 seasons as #canucks president of hockey operations, vancouver had a .485 win percentage, 27th in the nhl. 
i’m just really bummed. doing what i can to stay in a positive headspace but sometimes it’s just hard. i miss mn. i miss my family, my friends and my dog. i miss having people around. 
not quite. you’ve got a ways to go, professor. oh. and there is the supreme court. good luck there. 
a valentines skin in july happened today.... epic is all sorts of fucked up 
i was thinking about streaming for a good concept album 
no need to knock anybody. i'm simply stating the oa's doing an excellent job as a sports department but i'll opine there's a reason why the oa is hiring, and others are making cuts- quality of product. interesting, compelling journalism has nothing to do with corporate america. 
i'm a sick bitch 
this is very odd timing in my opinion. i expect we will hear more in the next couple days. it’s a shame one of the greatest canucks ever had to go out like this. it is for the best of the franchise to move on from him, we need someone with more experience. hopefully we get it 
so how do you get rid of insecurities because i got mad issues finna fuck up a good thing . 
yet another reminder: if you don't panic and settle but fight back against #copyright extortion instead, at very minimum you'll get a walk-away. why spend money when there are plenty of low-hanging fruit around the corner? 
sometimes a good cry is all u need 
it was only a couple of hours a week, he said.... 
in fairness to me, i’m a despicable pervert inside or outside of the house. 
they did. that’s why karachi is straight up better. because the residents took a stand for principles unlike the lahoris who’d sell their souls for orange line. 
hey @ cornbeltenergy -- any knowledge about a current power outage in north normal? in/around the ironwood gardens apartment comlex? 
so i finally watched the paul mccartney carpool karaoke and oh my god... like imagine being in that bar and getting a free intimate up close concert from him like i would cry 
all these diamonds in my teeth i'm gone off a gallon of hennessy 
jockeys are hardly owners “customers” more like their inherited employees, acquired by trainer. that mentality is what’s giving them too much of a voice to begin with. they work for us i.e. r freedman and the owners. not the other way around. 
a good read from congressman gohmert … 
i had a sweet nap this afternoon. i now have energy. coincidence? 
could you possibly be a little more specific, these people have multiple works, and large ones at that. i’ve heard the term postmodern neomarxist used by peterson quite frequently, but never regarding the same ballpark twice 
i liked a @ youtube video attack on titan author changes season 3 story?! 
btw this is prob a highlight from 2015, 2 from 2016, the rest are 2014 
wow u people suck, totally abandon the game and make us pay $40 for a game that was promised not to be an incomplete shit and to this point it still has problems with host migration. and now u people still don’t have the balls to at least give us savini jason. 
nah, it’s at a new school in indy. there is a episode on emcc and all of them. including a bit of isiah wright’s murder trial 
a super successful day at the @ bt21_ shop in hollywood !! i got @ taegijm a tata, @igbtchim a shooky, and me a mang !!! i can’t wait to go back with alec next week !! i had so much fun today and even made a couple friends !! 
i’m glad we were noticed i’m just a bit upset that they were so quick to throw in another l.a date and we can’t even..... *sigh* #lytourflorida @ bighitent @ powerhouselive @ bts_twt #bts 
graded on the year: let radulov and markov walk away. didn't fill the cap space. didn't find a top-line center. didn't fix the defensive holes.... had a good draft (one hopes). and domi my be a character guy, but he's not an upgrade over galchenyuk. 
don’t think i even come near that in a month before i’ve even spent anything let alone put aside 
#rigged but all jokes aside you did great joop and those bard streams were some of the most fun i've ever had in a livestream 
martial is a selfish prick, been selfish when rashford starts to shine, then zlatan came and he thought he was the main man, but then everyone raised their game and he couldn’t get shine he gotten from the liverpool games. not all about dribbling 
coworker was unauthorized to use the forklift and he tried to load in a no loading zone, this is the result 
a simple yet powerful tool for critical thinking, serious discussion, and decision-making. @ kialohq 
i want to be a warrior princess 
yeah man, halo was one of the main fps games i grew up with. it's amazing how well the games hold up. but yeah, some videos do take a long time to make but the payoff is often worth it. 
do you seriously think abbott can come back? he does not have the support in the electorate or the party. any attempt would be a disaster, and install labor for 2-3 terms. #auspol 
i thought you were addressing the tweet i commented but i apologize , having a seat 
i've just earned $2.33 for completing a survey at … 
is it sad that i actually believed the title for a split second? 
just completed a 8.69 km run with @ runkeeper. check it out! #runkeeper 
and i called her a ho, cause i mean, look at how she is lmao. if she wasn’t one then she wouldn’t get so mad when someone calls her a ho to begin with. gg tho at least i got an ass. 
i like a photo @ viewbug. #photography 
the trump administrationâ struggled to meet a court-imposed deadlineâ thursday for reunitingâ immigrant children and their parents. nearly 2,600 children ages 5 years and older were separated at the u.s.-mexico border. 
tfw you're sharing a bed and they read it 
oranges are really cheap right now, and we’ve got a few in the apartment as well. i think i’ll take a stab at making oleo saccharum after today’s class. 
pls excuse my wet hair and lack of makeup but the sunset was v pretty today and made me smile for the first time in a while 
"attack" seems like a good word. they are continuously attacking us. 
maybe, but from a distance she might be mistaken for a giraffe. 
a black conservative woman tweeted that hispanic immigration will lead to the extinction of black people. 
we’ve been standing in this merch line for ages but u best believe this bitch is getting a lightstick 
it is a brilliant idea, one that has been long needed in any screen reader offering external configuration extentions... i suspect there will be hickups along the way, but we are behind your efforts all the way. 
i can't even begin to count the things we've lost - the admiration of other countries, our ecological protections, ethics, honesty, voting that is not interfered with, civil rights, a free press, free trade, net neutrality. and that's just to name a few... 
my buddy @ filtch3 works at gapb and over heard walt jock-itchity saying @ reds arent making a trade because were the best last place teamnin baseball. instead going to start implementing some new sabermet-tricks 
he said something completely offensive but i’m hoping it was a drunken mistake. but one of those things that tells you about their true character. 
then he wanted a pity party for being homeless. he's making it hard for anyone to feel sorry for him 
to be fair i did say thats why i be pushing a bitch off, not bitches ya’ll just trynna knock a crown of a kang!!!! 
love this! where do these people think that just because they were too lazy to get a higher education to earn money to support himself, he feels it is right for the poor to take and occupy your belongings... incredible … 
that is too funny. however, i may fall over if it becomes a reality. 
@ tweetsfor45 it's very sad tht i retweeted a couple of your post! just to come bk a couple days later to see them untweeted!! this happens a lot from wht i can see!! 
wikileaks = russia julian assange is a mercenary agent of the kremlin trump should be very scared 
if mueller ends the supposed russian collusion with a not guilty 4 potus, then the following should occur: fake dossier, paid 4 by hillary clinton & dnc, then all monies expended should b repaid by hrc & dnc to the federal gov’t. it’s our money being spent on a false claim. 
on the plus side, i ate like one and a half bags of goldfish crackers today. 
agreed. i’d much prefer a dull axe and a partially blind headsman for the lot of them. 
i dont find it funny to make fun of dr. umar johnson for not opening a school that he cant afford to open. you and i both know if he had lebron money that school would be open by now. 
we need a good meme for 2018 to add to this! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist riley at class ii 
18. uhh i didn't know people actually had a favorite store 
but i see your point. maybe they're planning on saving wily for a big reveal at the end like most of the games did. 
@ ikeausahelp can i buy a lillången door by itself? i got the tall mirror cabinet for bathroom because it wasn’t as deep as others, but the mirror doesn’t come off the door. 
walking into a test after studying all week … 
ohhhhhhh then for sure if you get 2 a's it should go up 
anyone here that can help me write a professional bio? 
buy a practice hand!! 
i've been looking up ideas on how to do this and i've got a pretty solid plan for how it's gonna work, but i need a base to start with! 
and eat a bao after :3 
i thought it was a picture of us 
@ realdonaldtrump there are countless videos of you contradicting yourself but you still wanna run yo dumb ass mouth. stfu. thats an acronym that means. shut.....the.......fuck......up. do the world a fucking favor for once. 
the countdown is on... only a couple days left to self-apply or nominate an amazing woman for a 2018 leading light award. hurry before you miss the 8/3/18 deadline! … #womeninstem 
#arenaofvalorchampionship jugando a arena of valor ep3 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist clade x - they're getting prepped! wave 2 disease wipe out plan exposed 
havent played gen 4 in a long time but i remember i really liked her 
my brother's new girlfriend told me that i'm really beautiful. it's his 4th girlfriend and the 1st one to tell me this. she's a keeper 
i just emailed president trump at white house! i was asking for recommend candidates in the upcoming election for the state of idaho! this is my return email! i hope i can get a more detailed response to my question other than a generic response!? @ 
if that car owner had a concealed carry permit, he would have been in his rights to empty a clip on her car. 
honestly, having read the article, i struggle to understand why the behavior by cuomo it describes is even a big deal. and i hate the guy and pay close attention to elections. this one just seems like a nothingburger 
youngblood say you want me say you want me out of your life and i'm just a dead man walking tonight but you need it yeah you need it all of the time 
it’s a comedy 
me watching a voyager that tries to deal with genocide and terminal illness through neelix 
have you been to a psychologist? 
i didn't buy a textbook my last 2 years of college … 
i was tired but in a condo but idk what her canon point will be great for saiki 
i liked a @ youtube video 25 tattoo artists reveal their craziest client stories | inked talk 
wait i’m sorry. did @ notyoungjavier have snakebites at one point? need photo evidence. 
@ naomiaklein one of the (very) few voices in today's society who brings hope + solutions for a future i believe in. read, share, act, act some more … capitalism killed our climate momentum, not “human nature” by @ naomiaklein 
i liked a @ youtube video galacta knight remix - kirby's return to dream land 
i was looking at my laptop camera and had an idea... i could take a picture and use that as inspiration for an ogre vtt monster token... let's see how this twisted idea develops! 
lie to me uma lie back , fie shots uma fie back, two wrongs don’t make right ion give a fuck bout dat 
oh, immagration, sole authority, commander and chief. could be a lot worse i would be! 
yeah, he has outed himself as a jerk. 
#crime pi claire denardo has misgivings when her aunt lena, owner of cannoli's café, takes up with a new customer whose dead body is later found at that same cafe. get it: 
“grab em by the p***y”. donald j. trump. please don’t play “who’s a bigger predator” with me. it’s an embarrassingly easy game. 
there is no job in the private sector that would pay someone $275,000 to travel the world while doing little to no work at all. it’s so awesome and i’m so fortunate to have landed such a job in government. my smarts and work ethic have paid off. set your goals high! 
saw fallen kingdom tonight. man, i saw the original two weeks ago and i’m still riding that high. this is in no way that film, more like a lost world. this film asks one question and gives two answers. which is right? i don’t know. good though. 7-8.5/10 
unexpectable a written ask and a response knowing the bush did it i don't kino i fight fiercly;. 
a question to all my glam girls!!! totally curious.... in what order do you apply your makeup????? 
its called projection and is a symptom common among psychopaths, sociopaths and narcissists. 
白糸の滝なう。滝の近くでも暑い(´ー｀a;) 
i stepped on a staple today and it will fully inserted into my foot 
students and their families are invited to enjoy a meal—for only $6!—on august 15, 16 and 17 at champions kitchen in the gatton student center or the fresh food company at the 90. student meal plans start on friday, august 17. 
if the battery would a been in,they would have impounded it. 
we’re not old, we’re distinguished. and court is a gilf 
checked in on the standings, phillies having a game & half is nice but what really caught my eye was orioles being 44 games out of first 
it’s a mustttt … 
anna’s new outfit looks great but i don’t care about her or lei. i care a lot about one of those 3 unannounced characters being jun though. the chosen one is back on the cards. 
last but not least. take a listen. subscribe to my youtube channel. thanks. … 
in retrospect, a lot of the same people saying that government needs to do unpopular things to deal with our financial situation, are the same people who find the power rates going up unacceptable. it's like people only want others hurt by unpopular politics. 
there is never not a good time for a piece of bread from panera 
i thank god i have been a ham or amateur radio operater since 1966 cal sign w4mte, the phony news or fake news cant block world wide news i have seen this u.s.a news media lying for years and years. 
do you bet a 10 we don’t care ? … 
i have eczema too and its terrible. i know the pain. my doctor told me to pour a cap full of bleach in my bath and it helps dry it out and get rid of it. i know it may sound crazy but it works! its just like if you were to get in a pool. 
huhuhu yes,, jjks techniques are fucking amazing hes learning so quickly i sincerely hope he will do a video series hnnn ;;;; 
i want a strawberry bag like that irl. #characterdesign #outfitdesign #clothingdesign 
the good thing is that for me bug bites dont last longer than a day the bad thing is that i still get fucking bit by a goddamn bug 
@ seanhannity here is a blast from the past for you. … 
a kick to the balls can't hurt a guy that much — if i kicked you in the vag i'm pretty sure you would be on your period for a month … 
that's our president who has spent a lifetime honing his negotiation skills. i love this man, our president trump 
any review that starts with ‘a departure from the books i usually read’ makes me nervous. but when it unfolds into the wonderful endorsement of #thehonourablethief via amanda @ mrsbbookreviews, it just about makes my day. thank you amanda . @ macmillanaus 
lmao haven't played witd this dude in a while but stalks my gb profile still haha what a weird kid. 
you state very confidently that above a zlb you can not have a jg and balanced fiscal spending looking five years ahead. you haven't argued why this is the case or tried to prove it. you've just started it and angrily declared everyone should agree. 
i thought you were talking about physical confrontation. stop talking bs, casemiro had an ok season. how many rm games have you watched? he was both unstoppable and out of form, meanwhile vidal was on the bench or injured. implying case isn't a top cdm is beyond logic. 
the gentleman stopped. he tried to go around them. they beat him up. then a punk ass came back to kick him while he was down. #helterskelter is … 
i voted for @ cybertronpc for a chance to win some extreme prizes. check out their rig and get contest details at . rt and you could win too. #intelrigchallenge 
i’m always going to eat. i’m always going to find a way. 
or a sugar daddy. sir can have a sugar momma and we'll be rich together. 
great article exploring how to attract stronger candidates and boost productivity by having a a clear social corporate responsibility strategy. #hr #talentaquisition 
four in a row vs the “lowly” rays! ;-) 
a step forward 
interestingly @ jcasatodd, we had prepped your poster for “a class social media account”. that was given as a handout today. lol. i love the pledge sheet. i see it as inspiration for a bulletin board! #tvdsbllc @ mountsfieldlc @ dawntelfer @ kariharding9 @ emilycarrlc … 
fgs. can i not just think about school for abit please. i think it would make me a lot happier 
august - a late post. ama and stacy celebrate. cousins bob and cindy too but covered. gemini covers chris w. ... and sadness covers happiness. 
housing demand fell 9.6% in june, marking the biggest decline since april 2016. how will this affect rates and your ability to get a house? learn about the state of rates and more with this report: 
my auntie pics up a random phone and takes a hundred random pics of the family 
…, especially since the bill never mentions the wall or a barrier? doing the math, and assuming (foolishly) that $1 billion each year will be allocated for trump's wall, it will take 25 years to complete! 
"now your baby done became a g" yessir 
drinking a harpoon ipa by @ harpoonbrewery at @ scorpionfoxboro 
love the save the date card djtsidworks thanks for allowing to be apart of the process of making them and being a groomsman. cheers! … 
cherry picked a million pages. lol 
#bankofamerica should stop asking customers to verify their citizenship immediately. they should not be tools of a racist and anti immigrant administration. #holdbanksaccountable @ … 
carlos rodon, juan soto, jose abreu, lucas giolito (a bit), all of the rockies starting pitchers, trevor bauer, lourdes guriell 
for me it’s a beach bar or on a boat underneath the stars #reality #getaway 
so mo wasn’t sleeping and was just screaming until quran started playing and she conked out sleeping with a smile on her face 
i see what pov you have... and i don't say we should lower our guard... but still for me, as a german, the onhding hypersensitivity is sometimes a lil bit...annoying... growing up in germany means get penetrated with our history... we are weary! when will there be faith in us? 
you err on the side of "we could not find evidence of wrong-doing, however, know that such behavior will not be tolerated. we will be hypervigilant to ensure that our players are held to the highest standard." that's not a cover-up. 
now, i don't normally do this, but i am having coffee on the train in one of those paper cups. this is because i was running a few minutes early and a new coffee shop, which i wanted to try, has opened next to ashfield station. 
"one day, lacy conducted an experiment: after an idea she really believed in fell flat during a meeting, she asked a male colleague to present the same idea to the same group of people days later." i'll let you guess what happened. … 
besides the bento, she added mint bubble gum to the purchase. perhaps a chocolate or two since she’s been craving that one brand all day. walking outside, she notices the stray feline running away from the hero. “cats are not your fans, hm?” 
all so true! and i totally agree about it being ok—and for some maybe preferable!—for grad school and whatever comes next not to be related. and a big yes to listening to students’ expertise and investing in resources to fill gaps in faculty knowledge/experience. 
like this for a like spam when i’m not busy i’ve been ia today 
going live in a few more minutes ... 8 est 
i have crackshot and its rare but honestly don’t care if it returns it’s just a skin which everyone should get the chance to use 
oh ok uhhhhhh idk man it's your average rhythm game i guess the main thing is there are a lot of characters (tsukiuta and tsukipro) and events rotate between all those groups with little down time so it'll be easier on your life to just focus on your faves lmao 
i’m a really impatient person i hate it 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist deja vu 
“life is shitty a lot of the time. but really great things come from shit. like shrooms. shrooms grow from shit and they give you a magical trip” - @ leanneliggett 
just a reminder that we olive avondale’s wine bar will be closed today, august 10, 2018 from 6:00 pm to close for a private event. thanks in advance. 
a list of liars lol nobody knows me off here 
"throw your hands in da ayah, if you's a true playah" might just be the best rap lyric of all time 
who else has haleigh to thank for getting genie in a bottle stuck in their head? #bb20 #helpmejeebus 
i am now on a personal crusade to rid them from the world. 
hermione girl....girl...im sure ron is a perfectly ok lifemate...but krum tho? 
why hasn’t a scott stan made their @thotthoying ur all cowards 
omg it's a monolithic conspiracy to disenfranchise men! that's obvious from the numbers! 
old songs on a rainy sunday morning whilst trying to squeeze in some sleep 
wow, a retweet from patty @ pattyarquette, nice going @ defcon!! 
in the long run it offers more choice than previous fallouts, when you have a buncha cards to switch between, but yeah i get what you mean (though i’d never say mh values my time what with 500 hours in and no 2nd attack gem) 
applying a relaxer to a child is extremely dangerous. the relaxer manufacturer says do not apply to children. older black women are the worst perpetrators of the idea our girls hair has to be straight. honestly, i'd seek damages. 
damn haven't seen one of them in a while 
i guess its a mo thing 
[30] amo a bangtan con todo mi corazon desde que llegaron a mi vida todo ha sido mejor y agradezco infinitamente haberlos conocidos sin ellos hoy no seria igual y los amo demasiado #teenchoicewarner #army @ 
to whoever tweeted about trader joes japanese fried rice a while back: thank you, and i love you. 
that's pretty cool but i'd rather it be a different pizza place closing. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist diamond platnumz ft p'square kidogo (official video) 
have a nice day bae! 
there are two anytime fitness gyms within a one-kilometer radius from where we live. both of trhem are ghost towns. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist wale - black bonnie (feat. jacquees) (official video) 
that is a coffee stout which combines two of the greatest things ever - coffee and beer! 
woohooo! we won the pitch competition @ scifinder for a "chance" to win a million dollars. hah. they were accurate! #futureleaders18 @ 
i'm a firm believer in positive affirmations and speaking things into existence. glad you're having a good day. but i keep telling myself i'm gonna be rich one day yet here i am wondering where my million dollars is... 
don't pretend to fwm when you know you be feeling a way 
got myself a cute lil fella 
- with a final lingering, hopeful glance toward the ever-growing canopy, the dynamic sounds of footsteps surrounding him, elrohir conceded his mistake, bidding the watchmen adieu. 𝘎𝘰 𝘣𝘢𝘤𝘬 𝘵𝘰 𝘺𝘰𝘶𝘳 𝘳𝘰𝘰𝘮. 𝘛𝘩𝘦𝘳𝘦 𝘪𝘴 𝘯𝘰𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘩𝘦𝘳𝘦 𝘧𝘰𝘳 𝘺𝘰𝘶. 
i wonder...is this a real account...nah, but it's hilarious that this fake acct has set up a gf me acct...bahahaha . how freaking stupid do you have to be to donate money to this knob?? 
@ tmanion103 & i are getting ready to fly home. first stop in miami. what a fantastic 6 days here in são paulo, brazil ! although a lot of it was work for the… … 
novos outtakes do photoshoot de emma watson para a elle us em 2014. (via @ emwatsonweb) : 
see the thread above - i have a friend who lost service a few hours after a technician visited to restore service to the fios lines. he's basically had several outages at this point and probably has half a month total time with a fios outage 
couldn't sort a bag of chips out 
i wish i had that “tell em’ to go to hell in such a way that they would enjoy the trip” type of voice. i just don’t. 
because you’ve been down there for almost a week. i haven’t seen you around the hospital, your name hasn’t been on the or board. if you need time off then take it but don’t sit in the morgue. … 
the crowd will consist of 20 or so stage hands, a few seagulls and about 750,000,000 various bugs/mosquitos … 
i was a part of a team that analyzed fins from hong kong’s market, and we found that protected sharks are still frequently being traded. that’s a big problem, as one of the leading threats to sharks is the trade of their fins, and hong kong is a... … 
thanks @ ziositalian for a bad experience because i was able to enjoy a superb dinner at @ olivegarden! #italiandoneright 
but if i’m connected i can’t it’s a mindset thing though 
i pay $780 for the exact same but water is included, definitely a good deal 
i liked a @ youtube video *days of summer event*iron curtain ii/prestige rewards/call of duty ww2 /master 
then shame on you!! you must be conspiring with trump and russia as your actions show that your arms are wide open welcoming an enemy of our country. you have zippo sense of loyalty to america. john brennan is a hero and he dares dares to ? @ potus which is your duty & @ gop. 
how @ soniccalloway acts on his sc story after a haircut 
what's special about the lace panel crew? 100% polyester lace, non-elastic cuff for a soft, fluttery feeling, yet they won't slip down! 
hey @ twitter, banning a guy like @ stringsays_ , who funny, not political, funny about my aggies, tweets about raising his disabled children is not cool. twice now! he’s good people, an academic, and a threat to no one. 
should i be a fidget spinner for halloween? 
sorry but accounts like this one make me get myself out and i don't care anything. really sorry, anyway it wasn't supposed to be a joke 
how does anyone use a treadmill at the gym while listening to the greatest showman soundtrack and not lip sync and make arm gestures? 
actually it turns out that 'dan from long island' is the victim of some guy who fabricated a story for his vox blog due to the low turn out of the actual altrighters. the whole thing is fabricated by this zack and i'm honestly quite disgusted that someone would do that. 
a whole cutie who has my heart … 
watching the last hours of johnny cash. what a legend .. 
people saying mariah shouldn’t be involved with an aretha tribute are messy, horrible people who are tacky and have literally no common sense, taste or worth as a living being. 
why would the current president, and doj of which the president is chief, call on a man who is hostile to everything he does. back in the real world .... not going to happen. 
@ resedacharter was voted a reader favorite charter school for 2018 by @ ladailynews readers! congrats! @ lausdnorthwest @ laschools @ rhpoliceacademy @ amemagnet @ 
bringing the soil to you is a very thoughtful gesture. and so glad you arrived back in england safe and well. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist winner - ‘everyday’ m/v 
i feel like a villain trying to steal ur virtue or something 
people out here having a problem with joon spending money that he worked hard for stop being bitter clowns and trying to finance what he buys as if he ain’t part of a company worth trillions 
you don’t forget a theme song like that 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dapple effect 
it's fine you did a really good job. i enjoyed the stream. you and @ tealful are a good team. oh and i like your style. you pretty cool. … 
north miami up next that’s a fact, too much talent to overlook. 
yasss it's time for a great show candyyoungshow:mermaid #dance #g 
only had black and white tv, went to a friends house to watch wizard of oz in color for the first time! #bragaboutyourgeneration 
i might could do three bottles in a weekend. four would be pushing it. 
@ mlb to your broadcast of today’s @ mets vs @ phillies game. it’s worse than sitting in a bar surrounded by drunken, overly-serious armchair managers. can’t wait to return to the #mets paragon of broadcasting @ garykeithron. 
surgery was a success we thank god 
this is the grossest opening hand i could conceive of for saheeli's directive, but i needed the 8th card afforded by a multiplayer game to make it work. 
of was then.. and reflection what made and how useful and become like a cornerstone. a database backbone structure program system... and a chemist tech competing with oracle database, i wonder how interesting, offering to customers and client.. a fraction of, over price oracle..? 
loved water 7/enies lobby as anime. outside of boss luffy (fun) & recaps (useless in a binge watch), felt perfectly paced. 
i’m putting my money on #markwahlberg, he’s going to kick some serious ass in #mile22. who do you think is the most badass? vote to receive a reminder for friday's @ mile22movie premiere. 
what tasty treats for each member of the audience and theatrical treats galore on stage in @ toastplay @ traversetheatre - a charming, wistful, touching & entertaining piece. bravo to a fab cast & creative team and caterers !! @ edfringe @ caterbybarryb … 
im just waiting for her to sign a new company or go make a new one bcz its just. its not working 
i'm not taking a position on their decision to forfeit - but to suggest the decision is why they aren't in the playoffs is just stupid. 
so... if by “dv” she means, “domestic violence...” why would she back someone like keith ellison? he was reported and documented for such a crime! wtf? 
she probably didn’t make it. a lot of stans make gc and add their favs 
don’t we pay a subscription so we don’t have to see ads? 
that was electric! privileged to see his rise in pro wrestling... even more privileged to call him a friend. @ superkingofbros you deserve every second of this. #takebrover 
this is even worse i have a headache … 
i used to rly hate my nose but i’m actually starting to love it bc it makes me, me. no one has a nose like me and i love it 
you never know when it’s the last time you’ll see someone. hug them a little longer when you say goodbye, make sure they know their worth and appreciate the time you have spent together, before it’s too late. 
my lyft driver said "ouch" every time we hit a pothole. 
when i grill a burger, my mouth waters. do vegans salivate cutting grass? 
swr: what is it? for the new #hamradio person, it's usually just a mystery. check this out: … 
i miss how simple life used to be when i was a kid 
#dogs #ilovedogs #animalrescue #dogright amazing transformation, she was dumped, paralysed, in a field of broken ... via @ youtube 
*makes terrible chicken wings for 35 years* *sales dip* (in a very steve martin jerk voice) “he hates these cans” … 
coffee but with a t … 
hummingbird moth aka bee hawk moth. i wish i could’ve got a pick with it’s tail fanned out. sounded just like a hummingbird buzzing around. … 
even if that's the case, you said "major games" as in plural..... you named one game. and 4 games out of a library of thousands. you're reaching here 
the other thing is that even if there is another vote, both main parties are for brexit, so there’s no difference at all. then if i wait too long, i could regret not moving sooner as i had that knowledge of facts.... it’s a brexit or brexit choice. 
a shark-fighting trio... to the end! 
i liked a @ youtube video tulare county 
did a 30 minutes outing today was good lmao 
artists really be mad that fans want to hear old records at shows. nobody asked you to make a timeless record 
that was like a punch in the gut to peter … 
a dimauro family, and many men and women are recorded criminally involved with them, and with an o'brien family with inter-branch, and with inter-campuses idenity thefts crime acts, and crime roles with child offenders/sandy hook clciks w docs w it before principal sex offender 
raila is a scam 
this shit so funny cuz i done did this shit on a couple occasions … 
. @ sigridkaag @ markrutte and mps in the #netherlands please make education a priority in your new development policy with 100m euros to @ gpforeducation to support girls learning including through menstrual hygiene management because #itsbloodytime #sheisequal‍️ 
what is a functional drink? are there nonfunctional drinks? if you freeze a functional drink solid, is it a nonfunctional functional drink? 
it's a good cause, and i hope she does well, and that her husband doesn't undermine the effort. but i'm not holding my breath. 
tired of bein a l o n e 
lie all day, then when i lie back it’s a problem. wow the nerve of niggas 
wtf . i'm thinking of a word.... oh yeah, assault 
is geoff being attacked by a ferret? 
+ went by, her addiction to being someone else to mask her pain and emotions became harder for her to separate the two, causing her to become multiple personalities inside of the computer screen. only a few of her friends knew the truth, though. + 
beto orourke whose real name is robert francis orourke has a mugshot online. did he change his name to sound hispanic? he is irish. he was arrested for a dwi, attempted forcible entry and attempted burglary. his father was a judge so he didn't go to jail. 
can y’all please say a prayer for me tonight i’m interviewing for a second job tomorrow and i’ll take all the prayer i can get bc i neeeeeed this job. i can’t take this debt anymore 
david. you fred g. and emma. find me. can help you a lot. take care. you people are super! peace. 
he must be a lawyer 
it is such a dealbreaker and also i’m like how do you people think this is okay 
your obvious thrill from your misinterpretation of the situation is quite telling. let's wait for the facts. or is it "guilty until proven innocent? disgusting! this was a russian interference inquiry! … 
@ hirezajax @ titanisiah hey i’m on xbox and when i load into a game it isn’t showing my kills, assists, and wins when i load in with a god with the mastery skins?! what’s going on is this a bug? it better not be done on purpose! 
that's actually really awesome to hear! calgary's kind of overlooked in some ways, more people are interested in vancouver and toronto. calgary's definitely a great place to watch a game, awesome atmosphere. i hope you can fulfill your dream some day :) 
drew these 2 bois once again also, the cat guy has a temporary name it's mason for now but idk if i should stick with it or not 
oh drats! exhausted my views this month :( this looked interesting. maybe someone can give me a run-down! … 
blue plastic is a strong look 
good lord, don't you ever just tell it totally as it is anymore??? has that liar poisoned the entire party? you are insulting everyone but a handful of people that are hanging on to a live preserver as the ship is sinking. … 
giuliani is no longer a lawyer, he just 'plays' one on tv. 
i know god got a blessing with my name on it. 
someone should make a video for this btw the pic is from @ 
my beautiful grand daughter makes and sells these. she is so talented, she becomes a teenager in two days, wow where does time go!!! … 
@ trickster_thief thomas would pull something out from the pocket and it lay on the table, it sounded like some gem piece hit on it but that is not gem. it was...a chaos emerald, a legit one and colored white. 
what a guy … 
plus i'm childish immature and love a good wabbit season duck season skit, or a 3d through a table. 
@ alexandrachalup @ andreachalupa theres so much more to this story than just andrii telezhenko isnt there? btwn ukrainian journalists, lies, bombmakers, atlantic council, etc... collusion is real. and both you and your older sister at stopfake have a lot to answer for. … 
was that a fadeaway diving header or what? … 
it’s a good source of anecdotes; i worked at tower records for almost four years. i’ll think of more. the one that comes to mind immediately requires actual vocal and physical performance though, that may be outside the bounds of me on twitter. i’ll tag you if i post more. 
i understand that it's not major for the news but to some it's serious,or to most, just annoying. everyone has a different opinion and you happen not to care ( that's fine ) but people are getting annoyed on how light she it, this is the one picture i agree with them on 1/2 
if the 3rd assistant is passed, do they keep a volunteer spot or do away with the volunteer role? sorry if you have already answered this. 
he won't resign until ivanka is indicted and then he'll cut a deal to walk away from the wh. he'll probably throw jr. and jared under buses, though. 
college is a joke. sorry not sorry. 
amagat knew ny is red so he got a red card on his debut 
and then you get that foot cramp and all your toes spread a part 
curly haired austin is a better austin. not better looking, just better. 
ship? this is a ship? #jpzbot 
thankyou students and volunteers! proud to be involved with such a great community of people that give back and pay it forward!! … 
i need a shrink, i get bored easily in relationships. 
andy is a year older but still!!!!!!!!! (also hbd andrew rannells) 
u w u this was a warning 
@ missravenhart - just checking in! . all ur classy sensual work i see on here - it’s always freakiness but so grown mature and tasteful! ur a real woman! always have - always will be! miss seeing ur smile and engaging in our conversations. hope to again soon friend. #bestwishes 
i liked a @ youtube video #69challenge......i'm fast asf bro 
now: here's a current look at traffic conditions in the valley. #phxtraffic 
it must a vision to attract talented youngsters and volunteers into the party. 
this. but sum of yall are ugly and still finds a way to embarrass and laugh at someone about it k … 
get y’all a basketball player! all he ever do is be in the gym 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist $uicideboy$ x pouya - runnin' thru the 7th with my woadies 
a night at the opera at @ metopera! 
not to mention, the effort that goes into making the album covers, the cds, etc. even if it's done mostly by machine, there is still some sort of human work that goes into its production, and y'all are making their work even harder just bc you wanted to steal a photo card. 
it's a parody account on netanyahu, tho. notice there's no blue checkmark. netanyahu has one. 
i used to take hydroxycut when i worked out consistently 2 years ago but it’s too much of a gamble with the jitters and shit. 
kailie:”isn’t a dead body a catheter” me: “a cadaver?” 
this is a mess of a thing and it's a wip and it's... a thing. 
i had to mute a "conversation" with one reply because twitter thinks i'm interested in the "likes" that reply received. kindly fuck off, twitter. 
a carol disse q vai aprender as músicas de the greatest showman pra gente cantar juntas 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist grace - you don't own me (clean edit solo version / no rap / extended) 
why? i applaud a self made billionaire who created something so valued by society. also people have a choice to find altern work if they are unhappy at amazon...otherwise amazon wouldn't continue to be successful. also bernie is a broken record, literally the same msg over & over 
history is a dying mystery. a new beginning emerges upon the horizon 
i liked a @ youtube video tus mentiras se terminaron aca. 
as a teacher it is so easy to let my students, classroom, and student work take up all of my free time. this guy keeps me grounded and forces me to #sharpenthesaw and keeps me from falling down that educator rabbit hole. 
coughlin vs wa if you want to see a shitty team and coughlin 
i challenge exo to make a damn comeback in the next month 
"leaders share national archives’ vision for a digital future" … 
a heat advisory remains in effect until 7 pm tuesday for clay, richland, and lawrence co, il. heat index values of around 105° will be possible monday and tuesday afternoon. #tristatewx 
i have two job interviews tomorrow and i'm battling between "what do i wear, none of my usual interview clothes seem right" anxiety and "not that it matters, they won't hire me anyway" existential dread ....ideally i will have a better attitude tomorrow but this is just venting 
in a month and a half i’ve started my career and bought a brand new truck , life’s goooooooood 
tenn is such a sweetie #wldspoilers 
i asked my son what this was and he said "a cd player?" … 
yoooo why is it so hard to have a friend that’s a girl like can we just be drama free & chill cause like if it’s gonna be stressful i’m out 
in my case, none. i play a turn based strategy game. but your question is a valid one, and applies to the vast majority of gamers. just thought i’d point out a minority opinion. #amf … 
you and men like yourself are the problem. keep telling yourself you're a good guy. 
i liked a @ youtube video celebrating the life and legacy of sen. john mccain 
for a hobby i got into to help me de-stress from work, i found myself focusing on work today to de-stress from rp. 
ate well today and still have over 1000 calories i could eat. so i ate a #sascupcake , chocolate. i think i need an insulin shot. i am about to go into a coma... 
if the us wants to constrain china in the trade arena, and regarding ip abuse, this is rank insanity. the us needs a fully functioning dsb. 
is anyone else experiencing problems with the vehicles. i buy i car or become a bus driver and i can't drive the car or the bus. i sell and buy the car again and now i can drive. it's a waste of money. please fix this. 
at that point i was working 3 jobs and going to school full time. i spent a lot of time driving/eating/studying/napping in my car! 
what's the difffrence between sheer or trudeau? nothing. they are set to destroy canada for special interest groups. so it is not a gamble. we will grow popular support from the current 13% to 40%. join the #berniernation 
blowback will escalate. no 1 will give up their country w/o a fight. as several european generals have warned => "there will be a civil war in europe". considering the daily crimes in western europe, it's just a matter of time. question is who will go 1st? … 
after a rough 22-20 loss to the @ bucsshiva, we fell to 4-4 on the season. not the start we wanted, gotta get some momentum going after the bye week. 
a cyoot new character i made #art #doodle 
45' - we've reached half as the raiders trail 1-0 in fort wayne. shots on goal are two a piece, wright state with two corners in the first half. 45 minutes left to get the job done! #thatswright 
i’m there for all my followers brother(gust an expression for a friend) and i’m there for you 
the fact he served in vietnam seems to be a bit "finer." 
if washington is only held to four turnovers again, then damn. i expect we'll see a better start from atlanta next game. defense was uncharacteristically sloppy in the first half. no need to reinvent the wheel, just execute better. 
new shirt who 
...he has been incredible to me and never had to be - he is simply a wonderful man. i am grateful for our friendship, and know that even though amazing things have already happened - there are many more to come! thank you @ jon_anik! 
hey! if little animal can't get a bite to eat, no hope for the rest of us. 
its actually amazing he might as well be walking around with a post it saying ‘im gay dont touch me’ on his head 
neighbor walked outside and looked equally as perplexed as to how to act casual about me crouching in the stairwell trying to take a selfie and honestly, how is this situation barely happening to me 
"creeps on a mission" @ sidneypowell1 excellent description of #witchhunt on @ loudobbs @ foxbusiness 
i genuinely have trouble trying to remember stuff i really wanted to do but all of a sudden forgot 
people are rocking extra long toe nails this summer & it's ... a look … 
you want a baby? … 
i wouldn’t take graham over kelce but the unknown with mahomes is a fair point. 
i have many facts i just muted all of your insanity! i didn’t get the alerts....lol! wait...you guys might be bots so never mind - you’ve never had a sense of reality! 
ahh my noisy downstairs neighbors are having a party again. i guess i'll read fics instead of sleeping ahaha 
after working a few 80 hour weeks, i actually got out of work before 6 pm and have spent the extra time in a depressive episode, crying. moral of this story is to always work overtime because it suppresses your emotions and keeps you on track to file your taxes at six figures. 
wasn’t max in the lead for the first 14 or 15 rounds? if max won and scheer left, he’d take with him only the cons who voted for him as 1st choice. the right is scared max would not only split the right, & lose to junior, but embarrass the cpc with a kim campbell like finish. 
but what if a bitch gets cold lmao 
that's true. i don't have any view on his guilt or not - i've not seen any evidence beyond the leaks - but i'm concerned when it feels like a lot of ppl have made up their minds before evidence is presented. 
how so? i’m genuinely interested to know and i’m sure you must have a substantive reply since what i stated was, to you, wrong on “so many levels”. 
cat fish still a thing? 
the russian mfa has said they are “unaware” of such a meeting. … 
intro into our 4th grade stem module started with a crash @ rileyd87 #pltw 
dont be a pussy all your life babe 
go you for turning their judgement into a positive impact for children in need around the world! this might be the best use of a shirt ever #feministaf 
happy birthday to you wishing you many more years to come have a blessed night. … 
i liked a @ youtube video defining moments...in the life of a dog trainer 
this a thing? this what y’all on? … 
well, tried being on ark but even with lowest graphic settings (and my graphics card up to date) the game lags so badly that movement jerks. nearly died to a dino due to lag (jetpack saved me). so... guess i’ll build on conan until i can figure out why there’s lag x.x 
first step off for fish garmendez. #ftab #aggieband #tamucc #proudpapa @texas a&m university … 
great memories..that 55 chevy had big fishtails.and was a wild green color 
i liked a @ youtube video welcome to hell! green hell story part 1 
@ rainbow6game also that was my first so-called "offense", seems bit hard to get banned when enemyteam "tricks" you. especially on a word, that has other meanings too. :( 
me when a man starts talking and he has a new orleans accent 
i can’t believe i gained like 100+ followers because of a tweet abt todoroki’s pee, thanks king 
having said this tho: yesterday at lunch i sat next a table full of cute med students and unfortunately i'm extremely open to that 
newt_centered_window() : open a centered window of the specified size … 
g-eazy x ty dolla $ ign collab oh fuck yeah halsey's there, i bet lauren is filming... i love these 4, they're like my 2 favorite couples! would love to hear them all on a song! … 
next they're gonna say they did curling on the moon instead of hitting a golf ball 
i’m just gonna play as myself so i can run around as a thot 
there are a lot more cute and beautiful things out there if one doesn’t arbitrarily stick to one’s society’s... 
got another pencil for a different softness of lead and i’m bumped. you can tell which is new because the other one is deadass black with dirt on the handle 
anywho, they won't be launching; rather, they are setting up for a balloon glow. 
ah, a family tree with no branches. now it makes sense. 
his mom always tries to feed me frijoles as a joke cause she knows i don’t like them lmaooo 
@ mlbatbat when are you going to add e#to the standings in the app? as a red sox fan in canada it amuses me greatly. 
thank godddd i’m okay i’m lowkey just mad that i filled up my tank yesterday and now my car a total loss 
hollywood is a cesspool of disgraceful individuals. … 
#trump is the epitome of corruption #putin, #trump, a conspiracy decades in the making … 
because he is the truth said he is so real and i love the way that he makes me feel and if i am a reflection of him then i must be fly because his light it shines so bright i wouldn’t lie 
i knew what you meant. i get the hamburger helper hands a lot, too...haha. but i disagree, i think you've seen the culture change so far in such a short amount of time. the toughness fact of this team today proved that to me. 
spoken like a fucking dictator..... … 
i liked a @ youtube video bebe - 6ix9ine ft. anuel aa (prod. by ronny j) (official music video) 
that’d be dumb. no rb is worth a firdt round pick or the money bell is asking for 
anyone that is canonizing mccain is the enemy! the pos was a monster! … 
i liked a @ youtube video are we getting what we're paying for?!? [switch game analysis] 
false creek-fairview 19.6°c falling slowly • dry and comfortable with a light breeze • last rain 29-aug-18 1:18:36 pm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
well done boys for winning a tough competition. thanks for coming @ townbrentwood @ u13hornchurch @ fc_u13 @ 
papillon (a.k.a. hot butterfly) - chaka khan 
most people are thinner than i am, so i got that going for........wait a minute!!!!! 
“after a while dominique found it easier to associate with people. she learned to accept self-torture as an endurance test, urged on by the curiosity to discover how much she could endure.” #thefountainhead 
getting tattoos on your bone hurt like a bitch but ima thug it out 
we got a kicker....thank u god 
rewatching the defenders for a good laugh 
maybe sign with mexico now while there’s a lame duck president and add canada whenever they’re ready to seriously negotiate. would need to rename the bill to be trilateral. 
me: “sorry we don’t serve lunch until 11am”... customer: “okayy sooo can i get a 10 piece with a large fry” innerself: “can you feel that” .....”huh cannn youu”..... “i’m choking you”..reality: “i’m sorry!! we don’t serve lunch until 11am” 
found a precious dawn cosplayer noxcafea … 
11 years in their career yet they can still give off a new vibe! 
i been trying a lot harder at cooking and now some of my stuff is even edible :) :) :) 
z-mann flying high in louisville. took a 1st, 2nd, and 6th back home with him to georgia. … 
i am waiting for the defense to be "you knew he was a crook when you elected him so live with it." 
*** region 15 schools will follow a heat index dismissal schedule, tuesday, september 4th*** pomperaug high school will follow a regular schedule (2:05 pm dismissal). middle schools will... … 
we never got a message like this... 
you packed a lot into summer - some life-changing events! happy first day of the school year! 
#hepatitis b is a leading cause of #livercancer. find out how to prevent it. call 1800 437 222 during business hours. 
@ bostonglobe i'm a loyal subscriber to your home delivery and online edition, so why am i bombarded with super spammy pop-up ads on your site when i'm trying to read the sports page?? 
karla pretended to be a confused tourist and asked kristen for help. while she did this, paul grabbed kristen and held a knife to her throat. kristen left behind her shoe and a ripped portion of the map which helped police see it was an abduction. 
yeah, a ton of people agree with you. the idea that this campaign is bringing enough new business to offset the losses here is wrong, i think. curious if everyone will sustain the boycott though. 
$29 bottomless brunch for two at fusion hk (a $57 value) 
@ cupojoeblow hey drhk, look at my first 2 tweets now. you'll love it. we could try it ?? i'll give you a ph.d, then you give me a . 
i'm a scorpio, texan, cherokee. i don't even know what back down means. i'm gonna be like the old granny on smokey and the bandit sittin on my porch with a rifle on standby mother fuckin everyone that goes by that's how far ive been pushed 
"well,old people are quite dull"( o.w.) so, we believe any rubbish , we hear? lnp/banks/ big bus." on our side"? yes, " we" are a dumb lot ! 
just gonna put this out here. block this creep @pikkunovaios is a troll with 175 followers and not in u s. block him because he's trolling people posting missing children tweets. 
all these people burning nike, not realizing kap been on that payroll since 2012. all of a sudden you don’t like nike gtfoh, instead of boycotting how about you go vilubteer at your local vfw and actually do something your “soooo against” funny none of us “vets” are mad 
i liked a @ youtube video nightcore - go go go - (lyrics) 
everybody just got a damn funny story with a moral behind it 
me arrebataste el cielo y lo adornaste y con el tiempo me enseñaste qué es el amor y que en la cama no hay restricción hoy se que no debe existir placer como admirarte reir nunca va a haber otra mujer que me ame asiii 
i'm not retweeting the "burning @ nike sneakers" thing because it can look like support for it. but i think burning sneakers look hot, colin kaepernick is a hero and i'll be buying nike forever. 
i liked a @ youtube video the western tradition #41: the industrial revolution 
god bless judge kavanaugh for what he's being put thru ,it's a crying shame what the democrats are doing ..they are so disgusting, schumer is a disgrace getting people in the hearing that yells ,stomps , showing pictures what a disgrace 
i start college tomorrow, technically today cos its pat 12... and guess what i did tonight? you might say, 'you chilled and relaxed and prepared and rested'... but you'd be wrong, i went to a deadly gig and now all i can hear is ringing in my ears. 
i just need a better way to express my attraction because i don’t care if you don’t like me back you can’t make this bitch bleed but i do want your attention 
from greatest hits to anything with a bit of twang, my family loves #country tunes with @ genmillscereal! tweet below and they’ll share how you can save on your next concert ticket. 
i tried to make a tatt apt and since i’m only available on weekends... 10/9 is the closest one 
looking for a clean family hotel, spacious rooms, affordable prices, 24 hour service in surabaya, the most appropriate emerald hotel, thank you 
it's a wrap. time to sleep 
countering a mass shooter … 
you really think snd act like a dictator donald. why not go all in and dress like one? of course you would probably think this was the appropriate attire #dictator 
everyday we need to set a goal for the day (reflecting the night before helps) and have “check points” throughout the day to see if you are accomplishing what you set! … 
many conservatives are going to have to make peace with the possibility, that takes like this that pretend to the partisan status quo that many continue to cling to as its long time beneficiaries do nothing to serve a republic in grave danger of losing itself completely. 
i liked a @ youtube video the black arts movement 
decided that i’m keep my 500 million ps4, and when i have spare cash. hunt down a 20th anniversary ps4. 
mano a hyeyeon falando give me a lil touch asyfç.wurui2q eu fico me tremendo inteira 
she's very good. she comes from a family of good competitors, and knowing who she is always compared to, i'd have a chip on my shoulder too. there's the good then there's the bad that comes with it 
why am i constantly making a fool of myself 
it was pretty fun to write. took forever, was a thousand or two words longer 
“when a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.” - victor hugo what do my eye tell you? "cuando una mujer te está hablando, escucha lo que dice con los… … 
i think its about time for me to get a dog 
i saw some shit today that made me want to @her and politely ask her if i could be her stylist.... because i'm not here for these early 2000 bangle bracelets and unnecessary accessories like who's responsible? i have a few words. 
uses a rappers death to spew more hate towards men, sounds liberal to me … 
transphobes are fuckin annoying. i hope yall get poison ivy in yo ass crack and then your hands get glued to a wasp nest. fuck you. 
ucsa trying to stage a late comeback but runs out of clock. cats win 27-18. #pawsup #gametime 
lmao they deadass have a buy one get one free joint on their twitter. idgaf i’m gettin it 
today orange man said again "i liked him every much he was a good guy"....then orange man said i only saw a picture of him, i really didn't know him...just like everyone he throws under the buss... 
or do - but with the prerequisite that you’re open to having your mind changed by both scientific research and lived experiences and don’t wall off a part of your brain after the thought, “it’s a choice”. … 
i see her in some years. hannah montana to miley she might be the meghan trainor of our time but not a bey 
i liked a @ youtube video ariana grande is blamed for mac miller death by mac's fans 
black men please continue to protect us we losing a lot of y'all but at least still protect us. we all we got in this world. … 
i grew up in philadelphia as a maurice cheeks fan, but his act of kindness in 2003, while coaching @ trailblazers, was better than any assist as a @ sixers point guard. all these years later, the video still makes me … 
hold on we found a witness for ur dr.phil show … 
2-18 is quite a lofty goal. 
@ usta you blew it at the open, jimmy connors used to say the f word and not lose even a point, serena got screwed and your umpire took her chance away, i hope he gets ban 
on saturdays i mostly surf between channels in search of a game with inclement conditions played on real grass. found one. 
we don't need a definition of the idiom of calling off dogs. i don't need your pathetic mansplaining of how someone who described the grassroots labour movement as dogs didn't mean dogs, he meant we are snarling masses on corbyn's leash which corbyn has control over. we are not. … 
stevie, a none comedian, finds it difficult to make us laugh ? lrts see why? steve harvey breaks down after seeing his mama's house 
a week from now at this time ill be at my rep show oof 
no one talks about how emotionally draining a career in a creative field is. some people love your work, while others don't. the negative voices seem to be the loudest and create so much self doubt. you constantly wonder if you're good enough. 
literally not a weeknd feature tho is it g 
it's windy at falk school! the wind speed is a brisk 17 miles per hour. 
my friends reshiwhite volleyballkitty wolfstar16 *hugs* *gives erica a cat* 
@ serenawilliams well for years i’ve tried to give @ serenawilliams benefit of the doubt turns out i’ve been right all along @ serena you’re a #bully this will be a match that you’ll be proud to share with your daughter #teamosaka 
vo ler jma q a ingrid colocou na tl ontem parece q eh enorme 
there’s a story from 4 people in regards to her trying to sabotage their career it’s called when someone’s the common denominator you tend to believe the story. there have been djs who said onickel said if they had certain females on their shows she wouldn’t do interviews w them 
you getting a raiders one then idgaf 
mine too! bbcan2 was a top tier bb season 
i liked a @ youtube video 5 players they finally fixed in nba 2k19 
no this is patrick 
#bigdata will transform the way #hr operates. most prominently, a scientific evidence-based approach for decision-making, backed by data analysis, algorithms and ai. 
absolutely nothing to do with bell’s situation. beyond stupidity. zero comparison could be made by a rational person, you are just trying to mask your hatred of the nfl. just shut up 
mood : depressed reason: o facto de amanha ter de me levantar para ir para a escola e de as festas e das férias terem acabado !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! whyyyyyyyyyyy 
... alright.... that was a lovely surprise at 4 am... ........ i just... can't.... i'm so conflicted rn 
the cpc left the conservative movement a long time ago. maybe it's time to look beyond single election cycles and focus on ideas and principles rather than team sports. 
. @ drcraigemerson has a lot to answer for … #auspol 
wow what a weekend! panthers win, hokies win, uva lost, saints lost, falcons lost. 
how do you lose a chuck of hair at the gym. 
#blackadderbot your brain for example- is so minute, baldrick, that if a hungry cannibal cracked your head open, there wouldnt be... 1/2 
is this a - we've been doing it wrong moment? 
they also should evaluate fred transfer to united 50 million fucking pound for an absolute shiit player, evaluate mangala, lindelof the list will be unlimited mostly with underperforming players which were a huge paycheck on clubs transfer book's not fucking long ago 
i liked a @ youtube video when you trashtalk zero 
i liked a @ youtube video green day - wake me up when september ends [official music video] 
is latinos saying the n word still a thing?? in 2k18????? 
@ rainbow6game i haven’t played a game today where i didn’t get teamkilled, i’m not having fun, plus joining games late and getting kicked for literally no reason. i feel like you should get 100 renown everytime u get teamkilled, or even 50 renown 
huele a mustia 
bryson love fighting his sleep when i want to take a nap 
get to clarion collection the solita soho hotel - new lyft users get a free ride - use lyft promo code nxtdoor we've got our hooks in you all w/ these ultimate deals 
i hate that i will miss you next week at a&t. i know you will bring he house down!!! 
if you're struggling with storage space, organization, or just need a way to stop losing your keys, check out these stylish diys! :) 
have you ever known anyone who frequently called shows "gigs"? i feel like that's a thing that only happens in the movies. 
i can google something & get a million answers in 5 seconds. yet we still don’t have answers about what really happened. #bothamjean 
i liked a @ youtube video imagine dragons - radioactive (synchronice remix) [exclusive] 
i just entered for a chance to win his captive mountain virgin by madison faye in the pick your bestseller giveaway! … 
@ cosoricooks sent me 1 of their pressure cookers to try out. my 1st meal-i chose this yummy tandoori chicken recipe by @ pinchofyum. i’ve never used a pressure cooker but this baby was ready in 25 min! i know i’m late to the pressure cooking party but i kinda love it! 
hey - i'm a size 8 fitted hat 
@ jamesgarrod7 hey, mind sending a dm real quick? 
disgusting? you’re calling him a fascist, but you’re the one sounding like a dictator. 
le queda hermoso el outfit a lali 
watch "woman taking out the trash makes a heartbreaking discovery inside a backpack" - 
just turned on the game, where is chris sale? i see eovaldi pitching. this is a confusing process. 
the word “valid” is tossed around so much that it has ceased to have any meaning for me tbh. like when you misspell a word and try too many times and just give up bc it no longer even looks like an alphabet you recognize 
please love a fat boy with moobs and belly — this is so strange lol … 
that is definitely part of the puzzle from my perspective? because let's be honest there is a lot of shitty fanfic and shitty m/m out there! but the way i got through that problem to build my core reading list was through hand-to-hand recs. + 
i’m going to every day! at least until i get a response. being a business teacher who teaches entertainment marketing this could be a great lesson! so i guess we will see! 
x factor caught a body on jerry wess 
i’m a player yeah it’s true, but i change the game for you 
throw a diet in there & we’re golden 
let’s see what’s going on. do you happen to have a ticket open? if yes, what’s your ticket number? *am 
robert you are a socialist who wants the government to run our lives. that is not the $ texas way. 
i ate a lot of cheese sticks when “if we were a movie” by hannah montana came out. so now every time i hear that song, i can taste mozzarella 
@ patchbae hi, i'm a journalist working for noisey on djsforpalestine, could it be possible to ask you some quick questions by pm or email please? 
#trump #maga | @ seanhannity .. we are following two major stories out of washington… former fbi lawyer lisa page interned 'under clinton' and senator dianne feinstein made a last-minute attempt to derail the confirmation of judge kavanaugh | 
i got a solo victory on fortnite hype your mans up 
i’m a piece of … 
...by giving $440 million of it to a dodgy, business-run "barrier reef foundation' with no tender and no process? for paying $9 million a month for a non-functioning shipping container clinic on nauru? 
how about a follow back. 
i’m flying into taipei, which is missing a supertyphoon by a few hundred miles, this weekend, and i’m psyched for the weather. this is accurate, is what i’m saying. 
whos gonna be up at 4 a.m selling there shares? $ nio 
y'all believe the bruise i managed to give myself while i was drunk on saturday it's the size of a large apple and i am actually a danger unto myself 
one of the best feelings is remembering the lyrics to a song you haven’t listened to in ages 
i lived at the lafayette last year and i’m happy to say that i don’t anymore. rent was too steep to deal with tidal flooding twice a month. … 
i was hesitant about this brush because i am a beauty blender fanatic all the way. however i have no … 
former 4 pack a day 
paranoia about the "death of print" has become a self-fulfilling prophecy where anxious editors and writers have abandoned any pretext of sound judgement in favor of mainlining rat poison cut with drain cleaner in clickbait form. 
such a shame those 2 never got to raise a champ flag. i thought when we got jose for his 2nd go round paired with the coming together of the fab 5 sp’s that we were setup so nicely to win 2 outa 3 maybe 3 outa 5 especially with all 5 of fab 5 locked in contractually for awhile 
got an a on my first english paper!! 
lucktastic could provide me with a month of free groceries! 
it was a nice episode actually, you evidently did well c: 
had to save a life bruh 
"when's the last time you saw a picture of god carved on mt. rushmore?" 
is there a march in wales. 
never been a big fan of em at all but this whole month has been weird for rap fans regarding him, the album was okay but people act like its trash on here like okay means something's bad and then killshot was alright too. people's standards are too high or they're just tryna hate 
my next phone is a galaxy. the s9 is significantly cheaper than the xs. 
btw how's the whole situation in that area going, haven't followed in a bit. last i saw was an update from david hays many moons ago. 
y’all ever sat and listened to a dude talk to you about something he loves/care about? mannnn … 
both teams took a knee, to pray together after @ uvafootball won 45-31! #respect for @ ohiou for a great game & – bei vanderbilt stadium - dudley field 
slaveowners that hide behind a façade of "justice" "correction" "industry", that's it, that's all you'll be remembered as 
if jesus is coming back, why is he taking so long? i see christian's as kids from divorced families sitting on porches every weekend waiting for a dad to come pick them up that never comes. as a christian i felt abandoned by christ. an absentee father that continually lets down. 
it's missing a verb and simply notes that the plaintiff or prosecutor in any civil or criminal action brought by the federal government gets to call itself "the united states." … 
jeon jeongguk is so talented he can draw a perfect circle and i cant even draw a horse 
ugh i want to go to sleep but i just know for a fact that grayson is going to tweet soon and i really fucking miss that guy 
ne: uncommitted rhp/inf trey frahm (elkhorn, 2020) comes in out of the pen and induces a double play to close out the underclass #pbrfallchampionship. fb sat 89 
it takes a village to eat a pizza, no slice left behind, did i read that somewhere, idk 
alan sugar is a racist. pass it on. i’d normally say just ignore old racist dinosaurs like him but if the jewish chronicle want to advertise a racist then we should point out the racist sugar’s racism at every opportunity #alansugarisracist #sugarisracist 
parts get a wee violent in the last 2 episodes bit definitely worth it. have u watched the wedding yet?? 
"marge, we are not buying a timeshare week and that is final." 
i’m bout to get a drink or 6 
that’s a tumblr-worthy quote right there. 
going live now with a short strim stram of some golf, being as i couldn't make yesterdays swingers club. 
oh, how my heart yearns for vengeance against the cruel god who hath created me, also come to the hannaford deli and try our new nashville buffalo chicken for only 8.99 a pound 
obviously, we don’t get very far as the pull of the past and existing mindsets are challenged and evaluated. true innovation, however, generates a lack of understanding of, and focus on, the things that are unique from any other type of “good learning”? 
nope; i was fortunate to be online when he posted it. sounded like bullshit to me at first too until a few other celebs chimed in. daffy 
there's also a little park with a waterfall or some kinda falls and it's so peaceful 
it’s been a short detour into the mountains of new hampshire — but i’m so grateful for the glimpse of beauty. 
sitting in class with a boggled mind 
we are playing clue based on a high school party in the 80s when a federal judge was in his teens. does anyone really take this seriously? 
3 of 5 stars to a deadly yarn by maggie sefton … 
fuck you i’ll put hot sauce on a slice of pizza again for you 
sufocado pelo ativismo ambiental. meu deus alguém cale a boca desse homem … 
i liked a @ youtube video top 10 animes harem que no conocías 
اتأمل مين واخلي 
@ mikeshannon270 is ready to hook you up with a pair of tickets to "a glamorous night" at lehman college october 13th with tony!toni!tone!, deniece williams and sheila e!!! listen to win at 8:30!!! 
i liked a @ youtube video machine gun kelly exposed, ninja makes history, youtube changes, kavanaugh delayed, & 
so now we’ve had a young lady murdered while golfing to go along with the young lady that was murdered jogging! we’ve taken christ out of everything! man has no moral guidance when the bible is removed! liberal progressive society is to blame! men follow jesus! he is the way! rip 
if i was a haleigh fan i’d be rooting for tyler to win so that way haleigh gets afp! if tyler loses he’ll get afp for sure #bb20 just saying 
@moms who’s kids sleep on cots at daycare. does anyone use sheets? or one of those little nap mats to make it more comfy? k is used to a mattress at home and a crib at daycare so i feel like he’s going to hate this new cot thing. 
being with kids for a long time makes you say sentences you never expect you'd say: kevin stop spanking da bread kevin dont kick the bubbles kevin dont bite my scalp 
i have no idea what to tweet or how to even use twitter lol i just got this cos a load of people have it lmao 
>muteki shogun finished giant chimatsuri no buredoran >chimatsuri no buredoran is a gedoushu >gedoushu are youkai >muteki shogun belongs to the youkai-fighting kakuranger connections! connections! 
i have really came a long ass way omfg 
30 million people died in the holocaust. if you don't think this president would murder brown-skinned people in this country without a second thought you're among the dumbest people on the planet. the man is a psychopath and is devoid of empathy. this is how nazi germany began. … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist 2. liftoff (story version chapter 2) 
i’d be far more inclined to play denzel at the 3 and use jabari as a 6th man. 
you have such a wonderful gothic tone. it created some nice mystery in annie’s poem. great read. 
i didn't even got a chance to open my mouth #58fabiola58out 
when you manage to get a ‘happy’ photo of him and he hasn’t realised yet! 
come see me perform october 25th ! a little info about me that most of you don’t know growing up at about the age of 13 or so and throughout high school, i was a member of this amazing dance... … 
fann_test() : test with a set of inputs, and a set of desired outputs 
– maison à vendre à chomedey 
i liked a @ youtube video rob $ tone - chill bill ft. j.davis & spooks (dir. alex vibe) 
not sure you would know a fact if it hit you in the face, you are so delusional. reason or truth? clearly, you don't know anything about either. gullible little soul. 
always remember "if you're gonna kiss a bitch, kiss your pit cause your pit ain't out here suckin everybody dick" be safe tho, god bless 
i think we'd benefit from having a latinx candidate there. i don't think we'd even have to even worry about the seat if we had a latinx candidate. it isn't just about candidate policy it is also about fitting the district. 
@ kellyannepolls @ senatorlankford some seniors have $200 to much to qualify for any extra help or foodstamps! but we see immigrants in line first, free everything. housing, food, a emergency check!! seniors are treated second class citizens! 
@ hellokitty11277 who is the fuck do you think you are the kid wanted a hug from the president it’s a twitter crazy if that’s all you got to do all day you need a new life 
i’m always surprised when ppl follow me because i make a quality tweet like one (1) time a month and the rest are just me blindly clicking send tweet and hoping it’s not complete garbage . 
i want a refund @ sovietmethod @ kentaku77 @ kidd9423 @ … 
ana is the sweetest and sawyer ugh isn’t he just perfect?! - how was your day? mine was wet and windy here in the uk there’s a big storm so we’ve had heavy rain all day with high… … 
i liked a @ youtube video why people are freaking out on kristen bell, australia's hidden needle problem, & 
hi alf, can you clarify what are the problems associated with moles undermining a river bank? 
yeah, sure - it "fell off a truck." 
that will teach you to retweet a federalist society hack. 
i say this on my third tweet down. sounds about right. pre-offense. therapy only. post offense, a lot more violent options. 
but said witness is refusing to actually testify under oath and he only denies remembering it. not that it never happened. apparently he doesn’t remember a lot of his school years there. 
as a mother, you have to continuously be strong 
“gen z only has an 8 second attention span because they be smoking that kush.” coming from a baby boomer. i was deadddd. 
you know what this guy, the media and its “anchors”, senate democrats and democrats as a whole, have in common? they’re all working on conjecture because dr. ford is providing no corroborating evidence. at least he is open about playing amateur sleuth. 
did you not watch the video pure sapphire doesn't scratch at a level 6 
competition for 50,000$. we announce the winners! - hello!mobile share competition with a prize fund of 50,000$ has come to an end and it&#39;s time to announce the winners. the most active users w... 
i used procreate before because i didn’t have a intuos! i will! 
chillicothe police and state patrol troopers executed a search warrant at an eastern avenue apartment, friday afternoon. 
i liked a @ youtube video tarzan low cost (alex ramires & guests) 
here is a much more pleasant metra image for me to remember tonight. ⁦ @ 
looking at bill belichick in a very different way … 
so sick dinah!!! i'm so proud baby, finally i can hear you, i'm waiting for this a months, thank you for everything you did brazil loves you 
what. a. throw!!!!!! go herd!!! #beatncstate 
documented by academy award winner viola davis & julius tennon, julius jones' life hangs in the balance of the oklahoma death row. watch "the last defense" and sign the petition. help us get julius jones a fair opportunity at justice. - sign... via @ change 
need a td here 
as i mature i start to realize how important it is to be mindful of the way you do onto others. something minuscule to you can impact another human being in such a huge way & while we’re not always responsible for the outcome we can choose to be better people. mylifehisimage 
カンテは熱心なpracticing muslimだそうな。a practicing muslim is one who at least observes the basic tenets of the religion such as five prayers per day, one month of fasting per year, 
omg a miracle emiliana isn't being written out again 
i just watched #nappillyeverafter with my daughter and it was wonderful a very positive message of finding yourself and loving the skin you’re in 
multiple news organization are reporting that she will give her testimony on wednesday or thursday. they are still finalizing the details like the senators should be the ones asking the questions not an outside counsel because it’s not a trial, etc 
i liked a @ youtube video dear tumblr, school shooters aren't cute 
hey, be nice to him. he has been a good qb. he was just being respectful. 
stats for hour:18 ywg temp:2.9c-up:18.5c-down:21.5heating:0.00kwh cooling:0.00kwh. for more details: 
i-. this really became a hit tweet 
maybe i'm over thinking this coming back thing too seriously and i just need to release a new fucking video. 
im at a car show what is this 14-14 shit?????? 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist instant karma - instant justice - road rage compilation #72 
"schadenfreude" is german for 'karma's a bitch' -- piece by painful piece. … 
yes... could be a great education program for earthlings … 
will be have a letter sites by 65 women from yale tomorrow? 
you look like a croatian mobster in miami 
people will judge you anyway even if you do not give them a way to express it. as far as expressing anything .. some will no matter what people say .. i will just refuse to read it 
@ k_rosa17 i'm sorry you went through this! i hope you're healing! those ?!*$$ shouldn't have a job in law enforcement! … 
you make a very good point! 
it's "oh, #florida! the newsletter," zipping into your tl like a guy who converted a jet ski into a scooter! - 
hey you really need to respond to that vacuous ideologue think club, he's been on you and thinks he has a point. debate him and crush him intellectually wise, there's no room for pulling punches with religious fools anymore. he's deceptively neutral. 
back to school promo 50% off sitewide at grizzly grafix. promo code: "school50" link in bio, dm us or comment "info" for more info. welcome to grizzly grafix. we're a graphic & web… … 
tryna take my best friend on a date and she takin foreverrrr to get ready 
and his gf is pressing charges, so an investigation will be forthcoming. dems are not preventing that investigation, or attempting to rush him into a state atty gen position, much less a lifetime position on scotus. so thanks for making my point for me.... 
wondering what goes through people's heads that they feel it's fun to chuck a plant over 
my ex hit a couple opps tryna make me bitter, but they all broke as shit. did it make a difference?? 
i’ve been thinking about this picture all day, it’s a still from a video which is probably unreal 
that was about as deep as a puddle, thanks for your insight 
and there’s the deflection. just like a good trumpster. 
i got distracted with pinterest and voltron and now there’s a t-rex in a city and destroying things. 
i'm a very supportive friend i swear 
or let someone take a pot shot at him! #wishfulthinking 
today for me is one of those days. he knows when i need his guidance & word. it has been a super busy and somewhat stressful monday. so blessed i worship a forgiving god, so thankful for promise of forgiveness and... … 
production bugs happen. keep your cool, work as a team. fix professionally, minimise damage. understand what happened. improve the process, so it's much less likely to happen ever again. move on stronger. zero "blame". … 
who cares about hockey, get a nba team here. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist #breakiando un lunes 
one possibility for cooper cronk not yet discussed; a rotator cuff contusion (bruise/cork). would fit the mechanism of injury (direct contact to posterior shoulder), can cause short term loss of function in shoulder. pain & weakness often settles in 3-5 days. would be best case 
just whacked my head so hard i got a work wide oooooff. let me go home? now? please? i already smell like burnt coffee beans and would be covered in stains if i didn’t wear all black / a sponge sweatshirt that apparently soaks up every liquid it comes in contact with. 
jumping jesus on a fucking pogo stick... … 
if you wanna see a perfect relationship, simply watch a movie. 
i hope hayley williams is having a good day today 
i joke a lot ab wishing i was back in oneonta but honestly i miss more than anything all the amazing friends i made there 
hernandez earned a bs in electrical engineering from the university of the pacific in 1984 and an ms in electrical and computer engineering from uc santa barbara. 
there’s tons of people in prison for what they did in a blackout 
cara eu sou a hyo e a jessica a * 
i liked a @ youtube video how dirty is your body under a microscope /w azzyland 
falling asleep in the first hour of a four hour class, ope 
up north ohio, columbus, cincinnati, anywhere michigan, it’s called bags i learned on a trip but that being said anywhere around here it is corn hole 
this is clearly a unique problem. never heard of this happening before. they might not even be aware. 
been on the platform for a year b4 i knew it 
this boy really is a sweetheart i don’t deserve it 
a super fun commission for @ nekuta_kune of her lovely sci-fi characters. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist [free] tory lanez x drake x 6lack type beat 2018 2019 instrumental real 
be quiet and go find a job that doesn't involve harassing children on a online game 
do you get the feeling that this is a last ditch attempt to smear him, like they’ve not done enough in the last two weeks? god help us all if these evil & hateful people ever gain power. 
since we make everything else in these courses open, it makes sense to create temporary centres such as a tag/hashtag. 
a "very stable genius" and modest too !!! … 
en facebook a nayib le dicen: "nayin, nayic, nayid, nayi". y sus análisis son muy interesantes. 
omg!!!! the moment you check your blog insights to find that you’ve had over a 100,000 views! thank you so much to everyone who continues to look at my blog!!! i know stats aren’t… … 
this is a dream. look at the carbon cost of that product. packaging, transport, waste and then nutrition levels. ok so your affluent. around 90% of the world doesn't live like you. this is not the future. it's some preta end game while we consume the planet to death. 
the students demonstrated #teamwork to create the longest paper chain with only a few materials! the ladies with a chain of 185 inches were the winner! #p2 @ 
girl yes, a few more hours lol. 
@ lucy51551470 here's a quick shout to her. if you are a fan of cameron dallas or any of the magcon boys, you should follow her. she retweets a lot of their tweets. 
a significant challenge many real estate investors face when starting is their own lack of confidence when it comes time to talk to a motivated seller. but when the phone... … 
#falsecreek-fairview 19.5°c steady • dry and comfortable with a light breeze • barometer falling 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
@ brettkavanaugh you're a drunk, a predator and a big fat liar. #fbiinvestigationnow 
a game is a game see y’all at 3 … 
celui qui n’est pas communiste à vingt ans n’a pas de cœur ; celui qui l’est encore à quarante ans n’a pas de tête. - george bernard shaw 
watched gavel to gavel. wonder why none of ford’s parents or siblings attested to her veracity. ford’s a troubled woman who didn’t tell truth about flying, lied re grassley willing to go to her. couldn’t keep story straight. she does not compute! #maga 
i understand showing sadness about his family’s situation. i understand being vehement about professing his innocence. yelling, throwing a temper tantrum, interrupting the senators, saying this is all part of a clinton conspiracy... that shows a person who is unfit for the sc. 
i can’t seem to wrap my head around today. i’m psychologically exhausted - confused, perplexed, disappointed...what a sad day for american politics. #kavanaughconfirmation 
i liked a @ youtube video dragon ball heroes episode 4 hd english subbed cc 
judge kavanaugh harden not your heart, remember this when you weaken on a constitutional resolve of founding principles. 
man don’t give me more reason to bet on the vikes i almost went the entire day without placing a bet 
yet, we didn’t tell her about it as a surprise for her when she was in her 50’s. what great “friends” 
tdp resisted and demanded that the centre fulfill the promise made in the act, it constituted a task force on december 7, 2016, to relook into the issue. #kadapasteelplant #apdharmaporatam #cbndharmaporatam #nrtdpusa @ timesofindia @ timesnow @ republic @ aajtak @ bjp4india @ gvlnr 
how can anybody be called brave when they're destroying a good man and his family's life 
what is a conversation ? like we really not speaking anymore 
i’m a slut for wing stop... white boy needs a 10 piece 
just done. i just want a check at this point. 
nate kent with his second td pass. 26-14. ... not a lot of defense being played here tonight 
he's a garret guy. he will have a top spot as long as garrett is there. 
@ treybiddy it’s going to be 2020 before this thing is really right. man that’s a long time form that motorcycle accident. 
and joe has a point! 
they should pass a new law forcing bitches to always look bad #nodaysoff 
that's fair, but we don't know what happened. i'm not about to pretend i'm certain one way or the other. but i am certain about the other (current) character revelations he has offered. and that includes his unnecessary lies. 
sometimes i have a hard time getting things done so i rub this roller blend on my neck and wrists. 10 drops vetiver 10 drops cedarwood 5 drops lavender & 1 drop peppermint topped off… … 
im watching a concert live stream shutupejfkdkf 
q hacesssse wasonnn 
i’d say on average you’re a cinnamon roll and all that cinnamon and sugar holds the flakiness down and keeps you so lovable 
did you know mark judge’s book says he worked a the grocery store for a few weeks to raise money for football camp, which was august 22nd. 
learning to live life for a living. 
and nicola’s face when she realises her hat looks like a bat 
a moment of insight into not having delivered anything yet? 
tammy davis ( owner) and eduardo (manager) do a great job educating and helping members achieve their goals. the facility is clean and has some of the newest best strength and cardio equipment in the omaha area. 
found a transponder snail! a whale of an encounter! "we'll meet here again!" 
i drove by a house that had a “brett kavanaugh” sign in their front yard and literally slammed on my brakes 
dennis miller used to have a sense of humor. 
181001 is a good day 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist another diy disaster to repair - toilet wax ring 
angels looking like clowns celebrating to a walk off like that 
honestly wasnt ready for another magazineho i wish we could go back just a few days so i could realise just how close to october we really were 
copy-and-paste sometimes causes a java function in the background to throw exceptions until you restart 
i'm so hoping this isn't the end of him in a seattle uniform. #class #humility … 
if yelich hits a 2-run homer tomorrow he becomes the first triple crown winner in the nl since 1937. how much fun is tomorrow going to be? 
that's the one, yes. a certain r marx is on there lol. (it's a rocking list though, loving it) 
listening to partners playlist and i forgot susumu hiradawa was in here. i jumped out of my seat a bit because i was so startled 
> reproduce like mad no, don't. there are enough mouths to feed, and we're already facing extinction level pressure on critical resources. until we get a stable off planet resource base going, 'reproduce like mad' is a recipe for malthusian disaster in a generation or two. 
thank god for taking 7 years of spanish because it helped a boy get a $6,000 sale 
unpopular opinion but it’s a really nice way of saying you are a gay man but i don’t know if you want to be a good person … 
it's not a "card." it's the damn truth. he is a man, who is white. thats why he's being given the benefit of the doubt in the face of obvious lies. 
i thought that was a tweet by kathy griffin, for a second 
scroll down the thread for a good time … 
al grupo ratanico de la banda arenoc corruptechon si alzan la mano ayudan a salud económica y visual de la población @ waraujo64 @ marta43605737 @ guillermogiro17 @indu_s6 @ anylovereal @ monicataher @eternal_youth19 @ jendobiasch @ chinchontepec22 @ maestro_alvaro @ … 
this is a test tweet 
manchester, a hound (unknown type) in indiana, needs a home now! see her on … 
02/10/2018 a 02:00h temp:18,3°c temp aparente:15,6°c hum:37% pres:1017,24hpa vie:6,4km/hwnw rafaga:17,7km/h llu:0,0mm 
listened to a lot of johnny cash, ronnie milsap, and willie nelson today. great music and you should throw it back like that every now and again. significantly better than anything on country radio today. 
there’s only one thing to say to @ lindseygrahamsc. you can’t put lipstick on a pig (that’s you). senator, you are nothing more than a deceitful, disgraceful hog! 
16-8 all-time with 41 tds to only 18 ints. i'd consider that a killer. 
kk but i’m going to a concert in june and i can’t frickin wait oof 
i used to think like that , now search for the interview where he talks about their sexual life and jokes about switching her birth control with tic tacs and also he’s proud that bill clinton checked her out on a funeral . 
she only tagged tommy,,,, a hit is coming 
s h a n e 
i liked a @ youtube video spawnei um dragão tier 6 no castelo!! - minecraft infinito #54 
@ patlawton1 have a wonderful night pat, sleep well. chat tomorrow, love ya. xoxo 
20181002 - a world of good episode 59 - jesmeen deo./gurbind deo 
every member of the spellman family is born with a twin 
lease a @ cheezethegreat beat for only 25$ 
my bf keeps a pic of me in his wallet (he switches between 2 of them) 
toobit he does have a point there! you are not a journalist. 
“very scary time for young men in america” -donald trump this is a slap in the face to women all over america, so disappointing. 
hi tgh! its so nice to see the gaming community come together for such a special donation in during the x runners! <3 
i liked a @ youtube video warriors cats •°tigerstar's death°• remake 
kaya toast and some coffee from toast box, the only person who can tell if someone's added you to a list lol 
a #mpn #btsarmy #bts @ bts_twt 
i'm gonna have a look if u still want feedback. 
i can't cosign this tweet with a like or a rt. it is disrespectful to lgbtq people. this is in no way a defense of that idiot, graham. please, reconsider your words. 
not to brag or anything but i just used a backup pair of glasses to find my regular glasses that a roommate moved while i was napping. come to me with your unsolvable crimes. 
this went great with hot wings. nice and refreshing. - drinking a fat angel by @ magichat @willow street, pa 
mayo clinic expert on world-record athletes says a sub-2-hour marathon is possible … 
#blackadderbot oh, yes, sir! provided they ask for sausages. otherwise they tend to get a tiny bit disappointed. saussies is all i got 
i am a master of engaging in class discussions about articles i didn’t read 
um i have a question but can u reply to me when u get this 
would love to book a one way ticket out of here. 
finally buckled down and bought a pen cause ima bitch 
better at two stepping too 
i met a belizean-dominican dude at caye that insisted on saying “belice”, and i wanted to throw every rotten coconut i could find at him. … 
pshtttt... lolol, wtf is wrong with you? yeah, because all liberal hero's want to be assaulted over and over and over again and be laughed at too. kavanaugh is a liar with a vile past, alcoholic and unfit to serve on the sc. foul temperament. 
mr cruz, i read a tweet today. you stated your opponent was for abolishing ice, you are for abolishing irs. tweet is gone, please retweet 
imma commit for 6-10mos. then i need a schedule change 
so, we’re taking things here back to real life. i love a pretty picture as much as the next person—and insta-stories are fun and all, but i miss the conversations that used to happen here.… … 
i know a few people who've been there, theirs were all amazing! i'm saving up for my number 4 
if you get a solid answer to this tweet the response... seems like an interesting discussion 
you're a faux reporter, with faux followers, trying to pass off your network's partisan hackery as news. can't even call you a journalist, because you have no say over what you report. you do as you're told. you're a fake news shill..that's all.. 
oh hun, go back to doing laundry and make me a sandwich while you're at it 
the wildcats get on the board halftime with a sliding touchdown reception. extra point kick is good and its 24-7 edwardsburg. 
tatum might be a tad better defender but other than that they’re both can rebound both can pass i’d say ingram a little better of a scorer 
a quick promo for a short prequale for the series 11 premier sunday. #doctorwho #doctorwhopremiere #jodiewhittaker 
vote out @ senschumer since @ sen_joemanchin is a out of line! @ thedemocrats @ dnc @ nancypelosi guess you can forget about your blue wave. if you can't do your job why do we even bother? @ amyschumer @ senkamalaharris #timesup vote them all out since dem can't win #bluepuddleoftears 
my ultimate desire is for god to continue blessing my company/technical workshop god bless #priest_west_africa_ltd #beardedmoney #baby_is_a_prayer_warrior #iamhumble @christ… … 
if folks got half as mad about the horrors susan sarandon was driven by as they get as her we'd be in a much better place 
i see you deleted the tweet but what did you mean a being a gracious winner? did you lose something? 
he’s been doing covers to songs for a looong time i dont see why this was a problem? 
glad you’re going to remain a part of the fold. i think we’re all getting a little restless as droughtlander comes to a blessed end. again, thx for accepting my apology for my boorish comments 
quick question - if all women are to be believed then why did ford take a polygraph? 
but we’re trying to get that out of the game!!!!! right @ nhl? what a joke. … 
yippie !! a great day for the rule of law. congratulations for us all !! 
cornyn voted for a sexual predator who lied under oath 
changkyun stayed quiet for a while, unmoving as he let hyungwon nuzzle and kiss him, and then suddenly squeezing him in his arms with a soft laugh. “i love you, my hyungwonnie...” he whispered, hands sliding underneath hyungwon’s shirt as his body melted into the other’s. he ➝ 
a male american veteran of foreign wars, i am of a folk class who some might call victims. there are thousands of american men buried across the world who fought for fairness. millions of us would never claim victimhood, nor discard our institutions. #political #conservative 
i paid no attention to that 2011 game because we were at miller park for a postseason game. 
sunset. there's nothing quite like the splendor of a london sunset. 
but truth be told these the sacrifices you have to make to be a boss 
choir retreats can be a lot of things. 
ya think these guys are waiting on you to feed them. you're wrong, they're a drawing. they're waiting on this incubated company to give them the product they will be making!!! which is real!!! the most viewed on ideagist global. … 
feels great to be a gator 
oh hey its still the fat and ugly guy trying to make a point 
depois da vitória de hoje eu to com a mão no título 
the polls were fairly accurate. when polling, people are questioned, not electoral votes. take a look at the final tally of actual votes by the people and the percentage is not very far off from the last polls before the election. 
there was a time when i would have been bothered by this 
sunburnt lips is actually the worst thing you could wish on a person 
nhl injured reserve may only be a week. so might not be the end of the world … 
my old name was too niche so i changed it to something a little more universal 
-jerry's about to go defensive, but realizes that's a good way to get stabbed- leave her alone, jun. she ain't done anything to anyone. 
they made a 2016 hot wheel roadster like the one that went to space. they’re all over ebay, but no 2020 that i could find yet 
in a stadium built for lefties … 
fuck i want a pub burger now 
no, putin is successful - in once again sowing doubt & discord. @ michaelavenatti could disappear & they’d find another target to attack. and like a cat chasing a laser pointer, weak dems are following putin’s light & attacking our own. 
venom is a first-rate genre film highly entertaining with a terrific star performance by tom hardy, and magnificent visual effects. do yourself a favor and don’t listen to critics or naysayers just go and enjoy a sensational film! 
walker says if a grant had been sought to renovate washington or lincoln, the district probably would not have gotten a grant due to age of the buildings. 
i just found a shoebox with shoes i don’t remember buying. this is how you know i have a problem. 
what a nice day @lyttelton, new zealand … 
cersei: love is a poison. a sweet one, yes, but it will kill you all the same. 
i've never seen a tweet i've disagreed with quite as much as this … 
#yiayphone when watching a jenna marbles video 
wraith by t.i. might be the hardest song i’ve heard all year, and that’s in a year that has set the bar high for slappers 
you really are a #paidresisttroll, aren't you? 
supposed i wanted to be a bad gyal this particular weekend? 
my tv stopped being a bitch and started working one minute before raw the universe is testing me 
i can't stand it, twitter gm's are the worst. if it were up to them our entire roster would have been traded at one point for nothing more than a bag of jolly ranchers 
he just made a three nothing special 
ajudem a denunciar esse absurdo link: 
all i can hear is that she didn’t get enough attention as a child 
imagine if he posts on his story every single day just with a “day 2, day 3, day 4 etc” that would rlly make me blessed 
god is a woman 
i just heard there is going to be a bill and hillary comedy hour! 
i just had to do mine since i’m a teacher and dear lord i’m never showing it ever 
i'm not sure that i'm ready to see this movie, but the article is a powerful read about the profound, expensive, and deeply weird journey toward #ivf. rt @ ringer fertile ground: the #netflix original movie that’s realer than real life #infertility 
got a 1nd!!!! starting now!!!!!! … 
vamos a ver! let's see! 
yes. be precise. a feral, #bodysnatched base that only believes what they are told by #foxtatemedia. 
$35 for a bottomless brunch for two at le souk, greenwich village (a $70 value) 
if people are underestimating your intelligence, play the role its a nice spot to be in. - markel 
getting ready to do hammurabi’s code tomorrow with a great strategy @ helenmateosky taught me! @ dbqproject #historyteacher @ 
uhh left is this even a question 
they think they have a pass card because they're black. 
yes i do live near florida im fine dont worry except for the fact that my school expects me to show up tomorrow. im not driving in a flash flood 
my faith in humanity was restored today. i’ve been going through some sit and wasn’t in the mood to deal with anything or anyone today but to my surprise i only dealt with positivity, support, and kindness from complete strangers. it was a nice change. 
since i started watching @ nbcthegoodplace, reminding my kids to use their silverware is a lot funnier. #fork 
so found out i have an ovarian cyst the size of a 4 month fetus. don’t worry. i’m married to dr. hunnell, webmd. 
i too suffer from ptsd w/ major depressive episode and generalized anxiety. it's a struggle. thank you for saying this. 
yeah that was a kick whatever 
you try dancing holding onto a walker! 
my dog has a bad uti and is peeing everywhere and i feel really bad for her because the antibiotics make her sick and she's been on them for a while and they just can't get rid of the uti but.....now she's wearing doggy diapers and i feel terrible but i'm holding back a laugh 
morgun said “yeah looks like a deer to me” ... 
he looks relaxed, just hanging out with a friend. so does jim brown #44 
i would likely be ongoing. higher education is often created as a strategy that adds value to the end user of a system (those that don’t recall how liberating this feature was when introduced in a short video here. 
i'm probably less than 5 blocks from a poetry slam or open mic right now at this moment. i live in an emerging arts district. aka a shit hole 
i have a real suspect about how they see us as gamers, these article writers. they seem to think we all get off on watching lara die yet ive never met anyone who even thinks that. i like new lara, so the punishing death scenes add tension because i don't want them to happen 
i agree with the $8m mark most are putting out as far as fair value is concerned, but i wouldn't pay that. the braves should be looking for more talent at younger ages, even tho it will come at a cost. shouldn't tread water at key positions and rely on youth. add to the team. 
there ya go dekeyser...a little old time hockey. very little but still. @ detroitredwings 
ben bruce with common sense liquidated silver, amcon stepped in to salvage it has he told us anything about that. why is he a saint now. … 
in the short term maybe but there’s a rational case long term to a) not send the message to small $ donors that their money won’t go to the campaign they donated to and b) send the message to candidates that they need to cultivate grassroots like beto if they want beto cash … 
facts, everyone is in a party rn i refuse to get nuked on, i’m ending all streaks 
god must have had a sense of humour when he created the giraffe. 
thank you harold!! really appreciate it. have a great weekend 
steph colbert's hobby hovel says: fight your instinct to paint a blue jay birdhouse blue. even birds don't like being too matchy. 
a star is born (2021): rising esports star (f/19) falls in love with fading, aged e-athlete (m/21) 
“i’m a mermaid. i lose thirty years and thirty pounds and grow a tail every night.” 
one of my best friends married a racist,climate change denying lunatic & soon after an outspoken fan of trump herself. we just found out her hormones have been going haywire & her hysterectomy is at the end of the month..i wonder if she'll leave the dark side after(just hopeful) 
왜 한화 대표 선수가 
yob at the garage, epic cathartic metal for a friday night 
linear look of the day! . make sure that most of your garments either accents or creates the illusion of a waist. . this would be a really good look for my rectangle(my magicians)… … 
ok but who is trying to do a group halloween costume and go as the fab five with me @ queereye #obviouslyimjonathan 
can we all agree that she’s a former escort who broke the law and worked here without the proper visa whose parents benefited from chain migration and won’t admit her son has autism? #melaniasucks________ 
i'm a huge fan have been since your debut on smackdown in 2002 are u planning on being on the 1000th episode next week? i think it would be cool u & @ realkurtangle could do the promo a little different, kurt :who in the hell are you? you:i'm john cena the 16x world champion 
i give this one a pass because affleck was the bomb in phantoms 
this is a very big mood … 
my block list is like a felons rap sheet. it’s ridiculous 
@ turnersportspr thanks alot idiots, can you stop talking so we can see the pregame and hear the pregame events. it is a special game and you cannot shut up for five minutes 
no problem with that. most over 65s have worked out that voting in a two party system achieves not very much. #auspol 
@ mario_shroom @ lforwinner so i've found a perfect spot for your restaurant! do you remember the old toad café that was knocked down a few months back, the one near the centre of toad town? i can have that place given to you if you'd like? 
why i got butterflies going to pick my girl up like i haven’t seen her a million other times 
i think it's impossible to stay seated at a gaga concert, especially at artrave. you just wanna dance 
what does it matter anyway, not like i mean anything to anyone. guess it's just time for a night of a heros call 
not my man’s last drama being a cougar trope . this is not what we want … 
yikes maybe get someone to drive you to a hospital 
i love it. the story is piecing together and a lot of questions are getting answered. next few episodes should be nuts 
start your week with a visit to our barbershop and enjoy the v’s difference! book an appointment with the app or online (link in bio) . . . . #bringingbackhandsome #itsaguything… … 
same in europe peggy, unemployment as a career opportunity is taken by many 
[ major content and trigger warning folks this is a bad one : child death ] >>>>> <<<<< *reader discretion advised* … 
@ realdonaldtrump “i’m president, and you’re not” to leslie stahl 60 minutes, you are not a man... 
yes, it's called ad hominem fallacy and it's one of the lowest types of argument to prove a point when in court. 
he isn't a fan of being told he was bad, so instead of head butting again he just rested his head on gavin's chest. that was a pathetic noise. 
how dare you i am a patriot @ foxnews please put me on your shows 
what a coincidence 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist [2018 남북정상회담] 뜨거웠던 밤, 역대급 판문점 
( @ jerkmyego) that soon i’ll be your wife and then you won’t be able to get rid of me. that is, until i get a very handsome life insurance policy on you... you’re the first person that i think about in the morning, mostly because you’re snoring in my ear. - 
you look like a dad watching his kid having a tantrum and just waiting for them to calm themselves down … 
really not interested in no one fr haven’t been for like a month or two fr 
@ atviassist is it because the game was more popular than expected? servers can't handle it yet? i love the game, blackout, mp, zombies, it's amazing, and i'll continue to play, but the ping is mad right now. please tell me you are aware and have a fix in the works! 
this is such a ridiculous statement considering most americans have more indian blood in them than @ senwarren. for a journalist, you are just spewing liberal propaganda that is ridiculous. 
alarma a las 7 
now that’s what i call a great administration!! 
ok it would be a toss up, it would be either the custom gouf from 8th ms team or the kshatriya from unicorn.. maybe the burning /god gundam from g 
i just want a big bucket of vicks and some mint green tea 
when i spoke on the topic a metric shit ton of people gave me hate. its crazy 
i remember when he was going to buy #saintsfc back in 2007. still successfully owning two teams ain't bad, such a sad loss to the world. #nfl … 
what a f****** s*** show. … 
a true wilmy darty … 
i liked a @ youtube video enem - descubra porque você nunca deve fazer 
man altuve is such a tough out #dodamage 
awesome and delicious looking. everyone should have a #bluewave2018 … 
so no. living in nyc is not an exotic rom-com. it is a never-ending exhausting struggle of debt and anxiety and crumbling apartments that you pay way too much for, and it is a stark reminder of the disparity between the rich and the poor in this country. 
with his very big brain, it’s so sad that #potus pretends not to see the answers like the rest of us. he’s in a saudi pocket, just like he’s putinspuppet. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist swooty booty meme [animation meme -dbh] 
that’s a duck and there’s no sun today but neverthless, 
@ nellyshred4 hey, would i be able to dm? i'm trying to set up a xac for a friend with specific needs and struggling a bit. 
as soon as you leave a nigga he start saying all type of crazy shit like boy don’t forget you use to love this bitch but this ain’t about me 
me: h a man breathing through his nose: … 
i liked a @ youtube video yo mama so hot! national parks 
sorry for the confusion! we'll try to make it clearer. we're adding a price calculator to the page. @ 
what’s really funny is ms. myeonjiyong thinks she is dragging bts when it literally is a self drag to her own group. y’all this pathetic;;;; i can’t even 
i’ll ask the person who made mine if this is any good! i did buy a 1000mg bottle on line and it was 10% it made no difference at all, with this home made one i’ve stopped all pain medication x 
1989, adnan khashoggi , jamal's uncle, sold trump his yacht. adnan's yacht was so luxurious it was used in a 007 bond movie. adnan was the gunrunner in the iran/contra deal. 
there's no reason why, you are just a rat — lmao thank you so much ily <3 … 
johnny the sloth so my 5'0" self has a reason to beat his 6'1" ass for getting crumbs on my bed 
#mychildhoodherotaughtme “bad days happen to everyone, but when one happens to you, just keep doing your best and never let a bad day make you feel bad about yourself.” — big bird (puppeteer caroll spinney retires tomorrow) 
some guy rear ended me and then he goes “sorry i’ve just had a bad day” like boooyyy i’ve had bad days but i still pay attention when i drive????? uhhh?! 
y’all , imma hold a grudge against @ hollymarieacm , she gotta the monster jackpot on ball drop and i didn’t -.- 
#blackadderbot if nothing else works, a total pig-headed unwillingness to look facts in the face will see us through 
a good laugh or a plane ticket. or food. … 
yes. it’s my understanding that you have to be declared disabled by social security in order to qualify for this and the administrative law judges are extremely biased. i received a denial that acknowledged my inability to preform in my career and most tasks. yes. i have a lawyer 
imagine gettin this from a girl u don’t wanna talk to now y’all both annoyed and carrying eachother thru dry ass topics … 
the woman would lift her gaze from her desk where a few files sat before her. fingers intertwining and back straight, she’d call out, 〝 come in. 〞 awaiting for whoever was at her door to enter. 
i don't hunt and i don't own a gun. this guy! needs to get eaten by lyons. while i don't have a problem with gun owners or hunters. i would gladly shove a rifle up his #@?. 
he’s such a boyfriend it hurts 
thats not a good thing either. 
@ toddeherman todd i love the show and intend to vote no against 1639.. but it does not make u a criminal if someone unlawfully enters your home and posses your unlocked fire arm. i have seen signs and heard you imply it does 
was lookin' at that cadillac, gettin' my dinner from a garbage can, when i heard the runaway boys are back. purrfect 
yes baby!! take a break, u deserve it uwu 
i may have,, a big fat crush on yoohyeon 
a new episode of @ cw_spn is on now!!! 
and separating mind from body is a human trick just to make easier our self comprehension. there is not such separation. 
tossing back a few ski's and looking for his next victim 
let's not forget, the saudi prince bragged about having president mouse fart jared in his pocket & that jared handed over u.s. intelligence to them...a list of saudi "enemies." was jamal khashoggi on that list?? 
snuggle time! hmm i wanna see someone ride one of these with a balloon underneath :p 
you are a saudi shill. 
the health isn't what changed the ttk for example, health is currently 150 and let's say a three shot gun deals 50 damage a bullet in bo3 if that same gun was ported over, it would instead deal 34 damage. 
well let’s be a little forgiving here. sheriff’s office.... it’s almost like a set up!! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist they don't know [official audio] 
today i needed a boyfriend to share all of my business plans with while getting a back rub and sipping a glass of wine! 
it’s a really good one haha 
@ 4korners you're doing a sick job bro, can we get some look alive by drake and bloc boy? 
i’m probably about a year old now 
there’s a follow for you. 
@ reading "netflix star samin nosrat’s ‘salt, fat, acid, heat’ is a marxist fantasy - eater" 
that’s a solid goal... #eafixyourshit 
i liked a @ youtube video unknown brain x rival - control (feat. jex) [ncs release] 
it’s hard to combat a party that just straight up lies to the entire country with impunity. your party’s entire existence is based on keeping power in the hands of old white guys. as a middle aged white male i hope the trend soon comes to an end. fuck the gop & all who support it 
stop hiv stigma. australia needs a new national hiv campaign. - sign the petition! via @ changeaus 
wow, talk about a mike leach special #wsuvsore 
you ever buy a hotel in your own town or close to it just cause you miss stayin in a hotel and you can 
i can’t even begin to describe the level of excellence i’ve encountered over the last 3 says. as a result, my life in every aspect has shifted & i’m so grateful for it. #wtalmasterclass @ mywtalconf @ tphdallas #activated 
one time when we were little my brother convinced me that our school took the students on a field trip to the yogurt factory and then yesterday he tried to convince me brother nature was dead smh it b your own family... 
this is the kind of scifi-esque tech we like. defectors from spacex and blue origin are developing a remarkable technology called ‘stargate’ to help colonize other planets. … 
i prefer my men with a little meat on them, and im all skin and bones so i dont steal sweatshirts and shit unless im sleeping in them cus wearing them out would have me looking like a fool. 
just passed a red light and the song i was listening to had police sirens and man i squeezed my booty cheeks so hard 
a beauty at the @ 1heartofroute66 museum in sapulpa, ok 
oh just take a look at this! 
i drop food on myself during every meal. i’m about to finish and at the very last bite i’ll drop it on my shirt. am i okay? do i need a bib? i’m 23 
and you’re right, there is much more to this than you realized in posing this question. i also want to mention the importance, also, in recognizing who the labor to address this is placed on, as this was posed to two black cis women to address this in a twitter thread 
wow that a real tweet lol 
#blackadderbot she's got a tongue like an electric eel and she likes the taste of a man's tonsils 
#falsecreek-fairview 14.3°c steady • dry and cool with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
haha, you're a nerd patchouli you're a nerd patchouli you're a ner #jpzbot 
cnn 10 22 2018 18 33 16 trump's dangerous caravan of terrorists is 11,000 miles from texas. even wearing nike gear, they could not and will not become a threat to the us border, any time in the near or distant future. #stfuah via @ youtube 
i’d be more shocked at an olinemen trade and less shocked at a wideout or running back trade. 
liking someone younger (he’s a year younger i’m not a pedophile) than you sucks ass that shit isn’t fair 
thanks. i always felt i had a good character. you're trying to appropriate others' language and rhetoric. unfortunately, you comes across... weird. but keep at it, i'm sure eventually you'll fool enough people. as long as you're not engaging someone who knows better, that is... 
@ realdonaldtrump republicans taking our ss is equivalent to white collar assholes stealing our 401k. americans should be outraged by mitch mcconnell saying he will go after ss,something we have paid into our whole lives it’s a separate account that does not affect their deficit. 
i know it's a thing you guys but not for me alright! i was never invited lol 
1. emilee 2. april 29 3. taken 4. 3 for now 5. florence + the machine song & marvel 6. marvel, tøp, the office, hozier, f+tm, homiesexuals, deh, hamilton, & a lot more 7. love simon, a star is born, ragnarok, pobaw 8. im extremely shy 9. most things 
no, a service can be popular yet still not be a primary channel of public communication. snapchat, for example, has 150 million monthly active users, but it is not, and has never been, a “primary channel of public communication.” 
i was feeling a lil bummed about how my cowboys lost yesterday but watching this new edp video of him punching his door in anger while watching the eagles lose has made me feel better. heh. :) 
true, folks "dress like white people," but no one paints their face white, unless it's a clown costume! blackface holds a derogatory connotation. no justification for not understanding it. 
@ loudobbs love ya lou but why do you bring people on your program and only give them less than a minute to talk about their points of interest and then got go to a different subject on a quick break. 
it's sickening-- but not surprising. anti-intellectualism and ignorance have always been a cancer in america, and around the world frankly. it's stupid and embarrassing. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist fink - 'pilgrim' 
a valcakkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
#connectfourshots is a drinking game in the making 
@ markellef looks better than i´ve ever seen him tonight. great to see him confident. is saric always such a liability defensively? #heretheycome 
i liked a @ youtube video xzibit ft. mobb deep - eyes may shine (remix) 
vlad crys when the band touches down feel free to give a girl a call for a long chat. 
and good grief, i can take punishment far worse than a boot to the chest. 
had a talk with a chineese the other day he said kenya govt is so broke it cant guarantee itself any other loan from china infact unless a miracle happens sgr will hit a dead end at kisumu. and on affordable housing the goverment has been unable to guarantee its financing too 
he was 18 when all of that happened. not excusing it. but think of all the people in their 50s, 60s, 70s who did awful shit when they were younger. people can change. in a perfect world he's sentenced to multiple years in prison and then given one more chance after he gets out. 
best wishes for a full and speedy recovery, coralee 
have a great time! 
#gfvip mediaset la prossima volta con la crisi che c'e' non sarebbe meglio devolvere le vincite ai terremotati belice,irpinia, puglia, acquila,ecc invece di darli a questi parassiti e al posto fate una trasm di cultura che c'e' tanta ignoranza?compresi questi 
if anyone wants to know how my week is going here it is: mikey crashed his car and i accidentally drank a spitter... 
which means mourinho will stay at united for a while. nothing could make me more happy … 
retablos: stories from a life lived along the border - sounds like a memoir worth reading on life in mexico and the u.s. (with some shakespeare and lithium thrown in) via ⁦⁦ @ … 
what a great afternoon watching a close game in the @ hillerathletics ac! the @ hhsunifiedbball played so hard. #inspirational #hillerpride . special shoutout to ben with an impressive rendition of the national anthem. @ 
#falsecreek-fairview 13.4°c steady • humid and cool with a light breeze • barometer steady 1.52mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
am i insane for thinking that david wagner has been over hyped? i mean huddersfield play hideous football. his side was fun to watch in the championship a few years ago tho. 
#maga is a closerful lookwise at 5 shared imagesful of the caravanful, along with why the claimsful made about them shouldn’t…ful 
all you dummies that are blaming trump get a life hes done more in 2 years than obama done in 8 do the math 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist tea with tati: dating 
damn man im gonna go on a wild hunt for one. its a great idea for a shirt tho! 
if i won the lottery i would buy a house just for all the doggies. and they would have everything they need. 
try getting a reservation to dorsia now you stupid fucking bastard 
you my friend are a clown. 
didn’t see a round 1 guy over the summer and not seeing any different this fall 
should be just as serious as a bomb charge. why else would someone plant a costume bomb if not to hurt people? … 
i think a coupled along with the whole incident have been referred for investigation. 
the man literally wants to be president forever. he’s already hinted at it. he would tear up the constitution if he could. at this point all i’m asking for is a decent human being whether they be dem or rep to run this country. 
the most jealous boy in all of the lands allows a wild marley to escape 
waking up to this is a nice thing to kick off a day :) … 
i liked a @ youtube video happy halloween | animation meme | 
stop undermining the fundamentals of our democracy. also, stop lying - that would help a lot. 
i liked a @ youtube video lauren bousfield - dead eyes 
eh, it's a very two-sided argument 
a 1793 decree from the national assembly required all privately owned exotic animals to be transferred to the menagerie. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist biggie smalls - notorious thugs 
paul tyson right now looking better than taulia with a passing and rushing td. trussville leading 14-0. 
i’m a really bad influence on my roommate lol 
i’m going to a costume party with my friend and i forgot my costume at home and i made a joke saying hi i’m harley and i’m founding as a sheikh shipper and my friend started laughing owo i was making a joke im going as a pretty person 
renacci reminds me of a really bad used car salesman. 
you're so very welcome emma ... have a wonderful evening and weekend, my dear friend!! 
i liked a @ youtube video i know religion is important and all... 
it was a five parter, actually, and i don’t have a link, unfortunately. 
radicals are more the trend than the exception. i too have had my experiences here in venezuela; i think it arises from the inability of the individual to produce thoughts from their own and thus create a sophisticated opinion. 
this dialogue idndodndo especially this scene needs a kiss i mean this dialogue just porfa 
i am a qc and i can throw a kettle over a pub 
i finally got in touch with a dermatologist but they can’t see me for a month :( 
not a question but wanted to tell u thank u for all that u do for people. u constantly inspire others and open more artistic avenues for us to explore and soul search. thank u @ nikkisixx #asksixx 
(lowkey following us) like "you know, when someone says something nice about you, you say thank you, all i said was you have a nice ass" and we were like well that wasn't nice at all and he kept arguing with us and slut shaming my friend because he felt so entitled 
if i am to do a pumpkin carving stream tomorrow what costume should i wear? 
*tattoo i was a lil lit 
i hate tv ads and any news channel that runs ads is not a proper news channel 
. @ coachapplewhite on @ deriqking_: "he's everything we thought he could be & more. a guy that grew up right down (highway) 288. we continue to get the great players from this city & keep stacking our roster with guys like that..that want to play for their city..we'll be just fine" 
everything is awesome !! everything is cool when you’re part of a team xd 
p!nk - a million dreams [from the greatest showman: reimagined] via @ youtube 
“how dare u call me a pigeon with that birds nest on top of ur head?” 
i realy dont know if this would mean that the leak is real or fake xd but shadow as a semi clone would be absolutely amazing 
not at all. i’ve had him blocked for quite a while. but because rational disconnect is the most predictable motherfucker, i unblocked him knowing this tweet would be there waiting. and i 100% stand by what i said. @ rationaldis 
why is drunk driving illegal for everyone when i’m totally capable of driving competently after a few beers? 
when we go to vote, how many of us feel we need to have a degree in law to understand the wording? it's like reading a contract: there's no way in the world you understand the legal-leeze so you go ahead and afix your signature to 'get it over with.' 
==== v i p ==== retweet this follow all that like & retweet follow back all that follow you be active follow first turn my notifications on ===== let’s go all===== f o l l o w s t a r follow @ simplesmentesyl @ de_silvia_t founder of 
i think we all know why usms the only agency there that didnt get a flag 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist da fat cat clique - da flow / live from fox valley 
you are stunning, a photo of you in library was worth a follow 
shanahan can’t call plays with a lead to save his life. 
i went to school with a bloke called peter sellers. i don't think his parents realised. 
say what u want ... all i know is when that clock hits a certain time , ya phone better be down and ya behind in the bed getting some sleep 
view from a bus 
this is taking a while to load… 
who is needing a main tessa? cause i am your girl. 
woohoo! it’s monday ! i love mondays! what 3 things are you most grateful for right now ? i am most grateful for deep breaths, for hot tea , and for having a computer ! … 
seen it is a must see for action lovers. 
that’s babs from tiny toons!! she looks a lot like lola/they’re both cute as hale but!! that’s babs!! 
wow...just wow! and she’ll get a pass on this. 
where is your proof? let me guess with your dna results showing you're a liar? 
subjectship didn't "evolve" into citizenship. it was revolutionized into citizenship. which makes calvin's case, etc., a slender precedent, imo. 
bad habits take time to break. this is second camp with cunningham...could make a difference. plus other variables, like pac fighting in us again (been a couple years...where's he gonna train, wild card?)...i wouldn't rule out ab having a shot. … 
@ jonfavs #tommyvietor king from iowa is a racist, white nationalist but when wondering why he keeps getting elected you said because he comes from a "conservative" district. a district that supports king is racist. why the euphemism? 
dave lee travis bans the clash and nme bans the cardiacs. birds of a feather, dlt and nme. 
no yeah totally, i believe ariana doesn’t have much if any control over prices /: i just hope they make it a little better for what you gotta pay 
i’ve done a lot of blocking tonight... no time for those who don’t respect my time. #findom #paypig #cashslave 
oh! and she's a check writer! 
join us live for week 9 nfl power rankings, trade deadline discussion and a special midseason all-pro team! 
#falsecreek-fairview 11.0°c falling slowly • humid and cool with a gentle breeze • barometer falling slowly 0.25mm • #vancouver 
ethan the town twink gets a surprise when jung hoseok walks into the coffee shop he works at as things escalate learn h… — please block me. … 
but i have a mccann jersey!!! 
having a big heart is such a blessing yet such a curse. 
it is a political party, so there’s no need to use quotes and fire up your readers. while they’re radical is some aspects, they are also well organized and the us is currently negotiating with them to bring our occupation of afghanistan to a close. 
brago fam i fucks with u (pause) but him giving big mom that cake was the equivalent of @ floydmayweather coming at you ready to throw hands but he says "nah im way too tired to fight u take the w" nd me in your corner like "dont worry brago i got u bro" n i throw him a redbull 
kids: trick or treat! me: yo, you want this king sized candy bars? kids: yes please me: *looks at parents standing at the end of the drive way* me: do a back flip 
bitch we droppin bombs on you whip there like where he go i do this shit for fun but the truth nigga youz a hoe 
amazon’s ‘homecoming’ is a potent mix of sight, sound, and intrigue 
*eats despondently* *perks a little* thank you! 
i liked a @ youtube video saw: the video game but the scary part is how bad the game is 
fox's jarrett rips cnn's lemon as 'a racist, hypocrite and idiot all rolled into one' | thehill … 
absolutely. the elderly and vulnerable children, ppl with pre extinguishing conditions stand to lose any kind of healthcare which is outrageous in a wealthy country like ours. it's as if he wants to kick people into their grave and let only the strongest survive. … 
"because they have this enormous agenda-setting power, because bill gates and melinda gates are public figures, if they give a speech or if they want to talk to the media, everybody listens." @ peterkotecki what will this mean for their new ed policy? 
wrong! ivanka was a legal resident of the us. two entirely different things. 
that was a little rude,my apologies come visit anytime 
taking your birth control with wine is a big mood. 
just a freddie benson looking for his carly @athens, georgia … 
freddie kitchens is a joke. greg williams is the name droppinist, own horn tootinist, guy i have ever heard speak. what a cluster f*%@this sunday is going to be. this may finally be #rockbottom #browns 
one can assume that after president trump has confiscated ill-gotten assets and cash illegally obtained by traitors & pedofiles he would have goodness knows some small surplus.i estimate any where from a billion to a zzzzzillion.dear viewer u work it out. 
@ maryrobinette may be a source..... 
i don't think there will be a desire to grow if i keep losing as i've not put in time to understand things 
this is truly a rollercoaster of emotions 
when i toured in a band and did a lot of... "where are we staying on the cheap" in places like wis dells or tallahassee or... between omaha and oklahoma city, we had good luck with econolodge 
a bust 
a conspiracy of dunces … 
someone stabbed a woman in the food court at the seattle center. 
i'll take your word for it. i watched the trailer and it seemed like such a different show and so uninteresting. i'm going to skip it as well. this is how poorly hoc is doing. at this moment its not even trending on instantwatcher. usually it'd be at the top in both categories. 
they will approach you when they need you. but when they don't, you're just a somebody or a no one. 
i know, it's a severe case 
im convinced this was made by a crackhead god … 
who is this farrakhan? seriously, why are you distracting us with this? he's not a player on the left. i couldn't pick him out of a lineup. who cares what bannon spins? it's always spin anyways. 
i’m mad no limit and cash money never made a collab album together 
thank you for following up with us, lyn. we have forwarded your feedback to the appropriate team, and one of our team members will be in touch with you. have a great evening! … 
i won a reward at monster legends! want to join? start collecting your team of monsters! … 
yo, you can be a pirate?! 
why did i think you were a boy this whole time 
brooks heagarty with a 5 yard td run and jpii takes a 28-7 lead over baylor with 2:24 left in q2. @ jpii_football @ jpiiknights 
but then he needs someone who buys in and with his record in big games that might be a challenge 
it’s on my pinned tweet or if you look at my bio it’s on that repo 
@ thegrefgyt apoyando a un crack! saludos desde guatemala 
so you get a seat right after the old, the kids, people with kids, disabled, the veterans, people with fake service gerbils, those on medication, pilots going to their next flight, congressmen/women, anyone transgendering, and snowflakes who feel entitled. 
i’ve got 13 likes for a youtube live stream... 2 more and i’ll do one. 
warren can’t sell shows out. i doubt that fight would even sell 5k tickets because who really knows them? both unknown because warren is a useless promoter 
some kids jus need a good ol ass whoopin.. some need regular ass whoopins i wouldnt dare try my mama like some lil kids jus simply outta respect 
someone on the saints needs to be a man and make a damn play. 
i liked a @ youtube video super mario 64 the green stars 
no money for shopping this year. i think i’m buying a cat instead 
why is it a ratcheting up of his rhetoric if he's talking about fending off violent anarchists? this puzzles me. does antifa violence not count as violence? 
i live a little in terms of supplies/materials because i really don't have much 
jeremy corbyn receives death threats on a regular basis and he goes about his business unprotected and that is troubling. he is hounded outside his house by the press allowing any nutter to see where he lives. 
ahhh that's a great direction to head towards. you'll have so much fun. i hope you get chance to expolore those artists. 
paulie has been a standout in current season, first he did terrible and acted like a colossal jerk (truly a high bar on the challenge), then suddenly he and natalie negrotti, his teammate, have started to win and briefly he wasn’t objectionable. it’s been a journey! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist c2c - delta (official video) 
i liked a @ youtube video lucky foreigner with filipina beauty queens 
seems that @ myfitnesspal log-ins are down right now. that's annoying. even more annoying is how it handles the error, trying to make you create a new account rather than just telling you it can't log you in at the moment. 
just swallowed a mosquito don’t ask me how 
actually having a great day today, maybe i just need to smile more lol 
gugudan cb in a few hours let's fucking go lesbians this is a win for danjjaks only 
john, tomlin has had the luxury of a hall of fame qb every year he has coached, it’s why cowher was a better coach. neither of them are even close to chuck. 
people's willingness to eat up whatever the worst folks on earth have to say, simply because they are soothing their hurt entitled gamer™-egos is... distressing. like, wow, yes, kern was producer once. he was also so bad at it that he got fired. multiple times. for a reason. 
@ peternash9 @ declan_egan1 @ dayle_hodge @ thegriffmiester me and @ rogers17_s were front row tonight for jersey boys in bristol !! you boys rocked it! such a great show! brilliant cast. 
my dog is happy when she eats and i just got her a counselling license on the internet. 
while driving through areas with houses that are widely spaced apart, i saw these mailboxes for the first time. pardon the ignorance but i had a moment of… … 
chik fil a is so good tho 
i hate closing ... i really hope i get a good schedule at my new job 
she’s been fired by ncis and blue bloods. she can’t manage to keep a job. as a lib in la la land you gotta be full blown crazy to keep getting axed. 
i agree with this sentiment (although of course i love when you visit). the world needs to hold us accountable for our stupidity and tourism dollars is a good way for individuals to do that. 
@ jsjentertainme1 give me a free ticket to see bap in berkeley! 
i do pet sitting, so it's time for me to hit evening rounds. i'll be back in a couple of hours. don't everyone drink all of the alcohol while i'm gone! 
ah dont worry, theres only 2 so you have a 50/50 chance. good night 
today, only a dull-witted fool will vote for a democrat and the united states is full of dull-witted fools. 
i feel like i need a christmas playlist from you 
how ironic that this comes from a “bipartisan “ group 
i liked a @ youtube video rosie pushes caillou into a snake pit/grounded 
been home 1 hour from my stress relief vacay & i’m crying at the dinner table! what a wonderful world. 
voting is actually really important but is everyone going to ignore the fact that it's literally a social media clout game 
@ egoraptor watching your youtube vid made me sad in my tummy - ggs is literally the reason i got into video games again and it's helped me so much through death of a friend, an anxiety disorder diagnosis and an abusive relationship (all in the last year.) 1/2 
doubt trump is really a billionaire unless he obtained it in the last two years. he’s a con man on the lookout of a bad deal! 
#ivoted but not before being asked for my sample ballot, then after offering to give the poll worker my name, my driver's license. it wasn't until i pointed out that california does not have a voter id law that she took my name. 
time to do a reboot of all star for this 
us26, madras, unconfirmed, an unconfirmed report of a crash has been received. use caution.... 
at 𝘭𝘦𝘢𝘴𝘵 make it a bit thinner, would you? it really needn't be this big 
beto is a skater boy wow 
dude idc , & yeen even tell me you had a gf .. you so fired . don’t even worry about it 
have a good night! 
weekly reminder that there is a special place in hell for people who have long cell phone conversations at the airport bar 
@ bts_twt guys, have a good day 
we're taking orders. kindly send a dm. 
bruh he so happy. him & wiz gonna have the coolest kids watch rt @ fasttimesatrf: currensy being a dad has been super lit for real 
lindsey graham should be castrated since he doesn’t have a pair anyway! … 
como que hay campaña contra ramos, el jugador mas expulsado de la liga y aun asi el mas perdonado por las agresiones que hace en el campo y no pasa nada, goicohechea a su lado era un santo varon #elchiringuitodemega 
take it a day at a time you'll be fine 
krampus proceeds to tie the back of barthie's headfur with the help of the headband that he pulled out. it's a present from him to the fire cat. ''there.'' 
the same thing goes for poc & women’s rights. i just don’t understand how you can be an ally of a group of people, but then put leaders in charge that make it harder for them to live a normal life. 
does somebody force you into this industry? you want to be a voice and criticize people but then complain when people attack? perhaps be a telemarketer? 
enough to cover a small water biscuit 2/2 
what a welcome for debbie edenhofer! all drivers stood in applause; we are so gracious to @ ismraceway for their hospitality and tonthe drivers for their gracious 
we need her to make a twitter :( 
the rise of fake hair hides a cruel truth - abc news … 
hope uv had a fabulous night xxx … 
i'm a professional barista 
he called acosta rude and that he shouldn’t be working for cnn, because he didn’t like nor could answer the questions. he took away wh access. a child. the black journalist he called stupid today is the 3rd woman of color he has verbally”abused”. tell me that’s ok. 
a portal appeared right below miu’s body as star popped out, grabbing both the body and petal as it flew into the portal and having it close behind it. 
whitaker is a fraud liar bilked thousands of citizens out of millions of dollars w/ fraudulent business shutdown by feds.just like trump. two pigs in same sty- along w/ rest of gop @ gop @ mattwhitaker46 snowflake whitaker has his tweets protected-thief @ senatemajldr @ thedemocrats 
3. chandler v dpp simply isn't authority for saying that a decision made under statute can be regarded as non-justicable on the grounds that it concerns high policy. in fact lord devlin says exactly the opposite. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 26 days (since 15 jun 2012). and 
i’m not a person with threads but i was just tryna telling those dming me that i’m not interested, it’s been a rough year and i just wanna drink and enjoy my hard work. ubumnandi buyasetyenzelwa, i worked really hard guys 
i liked a @ youtube video r/woooosh top posts of all time 
i'm just making a pot. come on over 
no. there is no reason for your shorty driving to cause more people to be in danger. learn to drive or get off the road. i would love there to be a driving test every 2 years and way stricter on take peoples license away. … 
no joke. he seems to forget that california is part of our united … 
he’s a fan of scarlett johansson and wants to meet her someday 
if you want more money take on more responsibility. the money will follow. paying people more than they produce for a company is a problem 
$39 for a 50m massage or 50m facial ($120 value) & $89 for a 50m couples massage ($220) 
we are one of a kind, irreplaceable, how did i get so blind and so cynical? 
is he asian? i saw a man vastly underdressed in a t shirt and flip flops with bandages on his foot on my walk around 11 am along maple valley highway by the starbucks. just sharing as he was very out of place in 49 degree weather. 
ffs just watched an ad, stating if you see anything suspicious, ie a dodgy looking handbag, or van waiting to blow up, phone 0800789123. now you'd think you would be expecting to use a number, a) more memorable and b) quicker to feckin dial in a bloody emergency! 
1/2 average turnout in the 14 states without early voting: 50.1%. average turnout in the 34 states (+dc) with early voting: 49.5%. early voting is a great convenience, but it just cannibalizes folks who would've voted anyway. it does not appear to increase turnout. 
ahhh finna pop out to ct in a few 
yeah unfortunately not, my plan is to take the year off to find a good journalsim course unless something amazing pops up of course and go from there. 
belichick will snap him in a heart beat. ideally we put transition tag on him and match any of the offers we don’t him to take and we send him to cleveland or the bills ;). 
quite a day for raven greene 
once i get a sample, i want more & more. 
just posted a video … 
do you shave your chest hair in a straight line at your collar bone??? 
i liked a @ youtube video shulk and the rest 
no money for a week 
how would you win a revote now your remain scaremongering has been sussed. you conned many with your blatant #remainlies 
i hope everyone knows that if they’re ever in crisis or just having a real cruddy day they can always text me 
harley’s lemon almond cake … harley’s lemon almond cake a light and refreshing cake that needs no icing method: cake: note: if using cake and pastry flour, omit baking powder and salt combine flour, baking powder and salt. cream shortening and sug... 
haha. are you a bot? you support a #potus who thinks he has an "instinct" for science & doesn't need to talk to actual scientists (so ignorant & illogical!) he is incredibly rude to almost anyone except #cult45 & ruthless dictators, & his platform is built upon divisive hatred. 
chanyeol considers himself a romantic person 
tax time can be a good time to give your household budget a checkup. 
i know i have learned lots over the years in regards to what i read, things that make me go hmmm and things that make me go ohhh, thats a good point. always learning in this biz :d 
i don't have a lot of reason not to believe her, i don't think. i mean, i'm generally skeptical of anyone in sports if only because of toxic masculinity which i presume runs deep, but i really didn't get the impression that dipoto would also be that guy. 
it's a slow kill. 10 more before 2020 and you'll have enough low information independents buying into the new, re-imaged never-trumper with powerful rhetorical soundbites. 
thank you! took a ton of internal debating trying to decide what goes where. i think i did my best! 
thought i might try a new style, i’ve heard looking like a charter bus seat is the new thing 
are u a manz who can crazy cart 
what a shocking news. #ripstanlee thank you for bringing superheroes into my life. 
he’s a heartless bastard. i hope the red cross is there. stay safe … 
ashton kutcher is a prime example of why we cannot trust white men 
all, there has been a lot going on and many families need support. to help support families of victims from #borderline text tostrong to 41444 or click on the 
what about the debt where are our tax cuts your father promised last month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!8 years no none investigations obama never needed a lawyer 
happy 19th birthday to me gorgeous best friend @ billiejoyoungx hope u have a fab day, you deserve it !! very excited to get ratarsed this weekend with you love you more than you know xxx 
atrocious customer support from @ foxhomeent — mobile site is terrible, wanted to redeem digital code in itunes (not movies anywhere) and fox says “sorry. one time use. no way to fix this” customer service isn’t hard to get right if your a multi billion dollar company. 
"a house must be built on solid foundations if it is to last." just like everything else in life. 
just released a new t-shirt! go check it out here! … 
sound like a goofy. … 
hi amina i'm a web designer and would be happy to help. my site is my dm is open, i'd love to discuss the details. thanks, karl 
libs. before you have a meltdown, go to the white house website, and check the new programs to help people. so many new programs trump has started for lower income families. too many to list on here. 
#bcravenslegacy it is a rewarding one, from the perspective of the newest hack on the bench at our us sc. #brettkavanaugh #unfitguardian 
being a thorn will get the stem clipped but the flower will still die... 
no lights anywhere. no signs of life. is brussels now a city of the dead? or even worse--the undead? 
there is a very easy way to add electricity to the fence. … 
there is a few people that i know who were always asked is your friend single and they were constantly slept on. all of them are beautiful ass butterflies rn and yall missed the fuck out. 
#jazz at it's best, #stepup jazz #if u don't knw anything about jazz, its a good time to attend this great event of professional performances from the best of best of jazz artist; from far… … 
im dead ass cool with alot of people soo if i aint cool with you or someone there’s a problem 
if they are, the third year they could even be packaged as a set. #fingerscrossed 
exactly...the dems have to take the moral high ground, but they have to remind the country how the gop and fox news covered for trump these past 2 years. i'm going to enjoy watching guys like rubio defend a no vote in 2020. 
two questions. do you have a web site? could you personalize a dozen in time for christmas? 
a lot of it involved me going back through and reading episode titles/descriptions. i did relisten to a few of the frost/christman eps and the patton oswalt one 
is your back hurting from carrying your team on nuketown. go pick yourself up a new chair from @ technisport and use code ratedr and save 10% today! 
#betweenthecomicspanels a hidden storyline. 
in which case author isn't patronizing a woman. which if this is script might be nice writing. arguably. 
gundham removed his bandages, revealing a skeletal hand. gundham's red eye flashed green. "you may have weaved, but i have unraveled realms through my power!" chanting something in a demonic language, the hand shot a stream of concentrated acid at a tree, melting it in seconds. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist cute white hungry cats - feed the cats ! 
you get a lot of those? 
all i want for my birthday tomorrow is a ticket to the friday night buffalo show. and maybe another snow day. … 
claire perry is a disgrace who should apologise for sinking so low #bbcqt 
when has a conservative won a debate on public policy. saying outrageous things about a policy you want & starting an argument isn’t winning a debate. that’s called starting & talking shit. 
one closes a door, the other one keeps two doors open. you are right. for men, it's a different equation because they can start making a ton of money sooner. but not for women. 
no stream toniiiight going to a friendsgiving dinner :3 we’re doing another drink and chat tomorrow night tho! hope 2 c u there ^.^ 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist plastilina mosh - mr. p-mosh 
from my experience with reading up on k9 training and most shooters, it would be pretty difficult to shoot a dog. dogs move incredibly fast and moving targets are really hard to shoot. mind you this is against sidearms. obviously an assault rifle would take it down easily. 
just listed! 2124 lonedell rd, arnold, mo 63010 fabulous 1.5-story home nestled on a large 1.35 acre lot in the sought-after community of mount sterzik! this home boasts a spacious floorplan showcasing 4 bedrooms, 2.5... 
hhh this is such a funky tweet welp 
it’s a joke, jeez. not bullying. when they stepped into their current roles, they needed to expect jokes and criticism. every president has received it and taken it. he’s such a narcissist, he can’t take any criticism. it comes with the job. take a chill pill @ cheryld1025. 
just finishing work. heading home for a meal and a glass... 
after watching the matrix trilogy again , i can confirm that, not a single pair of sunglasses were harmed during the making of these films. 
find a time that everyone is awake like im in europe i cant watch u every time 
would you consider an organization that wants to reduce the world's population to half a billion a terrorist organization? what is their weapon? mind control. they make you believe they don't exist by making fun of 'conspiracy theorists' like me. … 
yes, but 2 things: 1.) hyde is not a child molester 2.) mississippi is more racially polarized than alabama & has fewer college educated whites 
you know it, man. it's crazy down there! 
mikes had a good day and well i thought he deserved a treat so i dived into the bottles i bought and gave him this one. he did really appreciate it. 
i’m in a mood to complain. cramps are the worst. 
el álbum por fin va a salir!!!! y venimos con to’ !!! #dic15 
texas state fired their coach. i’ll be waiting for a phone call to fill the vacant position. 
had a blast cheering on my kiddos! mhs- great job! my excite! babies killed it! fmhs- way to make this alumni proud! y’all looked awesome! @ lhsfarmercheer so proud of you guys! very happy i get to work with y’all! @ lcs__cheer wow! blessed to work with you talented ladies! 
thanx, this is like watching a car crash:( 
might fucc around and get a svt phone case but which one ?? poll below 
i’d love to see an all-woman panel for a topic that’s not specifically about or “for” women. #culturefix 
i liked a @ youtube video ridin dirty 
john ward is a national treasure, just like you sol. both of you, keep up the great work! it's about the only thing that keeps me sane these days. 
susan from the church college ministry had alexa and i felt like i was in a get out/black mirror mashup 
anyway thanks for stopping by have a good day pew pew 
and if it's too "inconvenient" to use, we won't be members anymore. 
friendly till you give me a reason to not to be. @ sxrahios too late i had to 
i maybe be getting a two day week. but that doesn’t mean i’m not also working with over 50 elementary kids on wednesday, on top of that lifeguarding for them while they swim. we all going through pain wednesday (: 
for a friend 2 
we are in a worldwide crisis 
been studying for this ansi exam for the longest if i don’t walk out with an a, college is 100% rigged. 
sunday was another fun day!!today i was officially inducted into the @ sovstreamteam and later i got a chance to play some @ stellarisgame with @ mellemony, @ djtruthsayer, and xkenver. now time recharge so i am ready for music monday 
do u ever just lay in bed, overtired but u can’t sleep and then u think about how crusty old men are sitting in a cushy office making six figures and telling women what they can’t do with their own bodies? 
you should come out with a brand of thesauruses @ iamalexrodgers 
i don’t care if i don’t know you, if i find out you’re having a baby, i will 100% follow you on social media & be in awh when you have your baby idc idc 
now playing semmi-i got the w.h.a.m.mp3 by ! 
@ rahulgandhi urijit patel is neither ur “pidi” to toe the line prescribed by u. he is not “raghuram rajan” who will wag his tail whenever u wish. u dimwit , u shud b ashamed of shamelessly sticking to the reins of congress just coz u were born a ghandhy. … 
... y volverán las oscuras promesas que no podrán cumplir al pueblo porque anteponen a sus amiguis para previlegiarlos. sueña matraca, sueña. ¡jamás serás presidente! 
sucks that people assume that i'm either high or on some other shit when i am talking to them, well bitch, i'm not that much of a crack addict~ 
if you started putting $2 in your savings account every day when you turned 20, you would be a millionaire by age 65. #gk 
bunny, it is hard to find a good therapist, but like you said, there are some out there. you just have to find one. get recommendations from lots of people you trust is what i found. 
