thanks for your insightful commentaryif only life was always so “black and white”. it’s not. … 
he's also an asshole and i hope he gets railed every play the second half.... 
it’s crazy like so many of us just get a feeling and i want them to be okay and i wish we could do more 
remember this arcade being at the local liqour store on normandie and hollywood. it kept me hooked into … 
@ paulsims13 triplett fox & hound hotwire 3388 live wire circuit tracing kit with tone generator and probe is now on sale for $170.14 at amazon. product page: … 
one of my new twitter activities is blocking all promoted tweets' twitter accounts. i hope this tweet doesn't somehow jinx this, but then again it's 2018 now and the world is a wild place. #loserstatus 
if you’re offended by jesus and hunting, feel free to avoid me on social media altogether 
@ tripwireint hey play kf2 and all go to my vault after a daily know it should grant me vault crate but my money meter won't go up... 
i've only had my new instagram for 2 months and i already got 1,000 followers 
same here, i feel so excited about ravi's upcoming digital mixtape and then hakyeon said they are planning for new album but then i remember that enlistment 
great 3rd down ratio for off and def, and 0 penalties. wow! #boomersooner 
my main goal for 2018 is to be friends with the cast of stranger things and if that doesn’t happen then idk what’ll happen but i’ll be real sad. @ stranger_things 
happened in the first half lol. this is a college football expert ladies and gentlemen. overrated sec defense. 
if rdr2 has loot boxes, i hope that 1/10 of them have a mountain lion in them and it jumps out and wrecks your shit. cause cats love hiding in boxes. 
bleh, barthel misses 5bps at start of 2nd, and is then broken next game. 
@ jdiehl21 @ nick__donaldson as packers fans i hope you guys are excited for the offseason changes that have happened and the new direction of the team as i am 
better happen and when it does @ wwe better give her a longer reign 
] #cross ballpoint pen and mechanical pencil century 
one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
conmen and women! we see you in these cyberstreets too 
first day back at work was wild, but then they bought hella champagne and wine for the teachers sooo 
elizabeth #nj usa - general laborer - our company works in construction and is looking for dedicated in shape people to d … #edison #job 
poor baby dont let it make u anxious. — im trying but i havent e*ten anything today and rhats not helping eitjer … 
he faked injury at the start of the season and missed our crucial champions league qualifier. he’s probably doing the same again. that is not what i call giving 100% 
#kriswu #wuyifan the fired egg(sorry, unfried and dropped egg) really catch my eyes full video 
it so of course was. prob when he was still living at home in the burbs and wanted to draw his fave band on everything. notebooks, lockers... 
never again am i flying standby.this will be my first and last time 
seafood pasta! bay scallops,shrimp,salmon,tomatoes, onions,spinach and alfredo. easy one pot… 
praying that the latino community stays strong and united in a year in which everything is going to be against us . 
yup your welcome for being able to say were one of the worst teams in the nfl yup congrads thanks for all your hard work. all my jerseys parties maybe ill just donate money to get you guys some better coaches and better players. 
i fucks with the 50 shades movies. however i do understand that she’s in a mentally abusive relationship. but he’s intriguing and i like it cause it’s a completely different mind set to look at. 
heli stoke, snowboard coach jon delk and camper keiron mccameron enjoy the spectacular view of the columbia river headwaters from the heli. #powderplayground2017 #leki @ lekiusa 
clc wrestling final: sauk rapids 52 fergus falls 27 otters wrestle again vs fosston-bagley following the srr and fosston match. @ ffgoldrush @ srrstorm @ clcroger 
gonna try and stream once i’m home. praying my internet is better today 
my parents like to do this thing where they cough as much as they can while i'm eating and i've never wanted to hit my head as hard as i can on pavement as i do now. 
hi masakox i want to know if you can do a dragon ball super meets hyperdimension neptunia what were happen and i'm going to make my own anime and it talls the story of the frieza race and were they come from tall me what you thing. 
most bittersweet feeling: realizing that you probably don’t have the disease you are looking up on webmd because one of the symptoms is weight loss and you are much fatter now. 
says the dude who apparently didn't read the article, and don't say you did because that would mean you lack reading comprehension. 
oh and for you to try to connect this to the logan paul situation is disgusting. fucking mouthbreather. … 
that feeling when you hold someone and just don't want to let go. 
because. he doesn’t wear condoms and he would be dead of aids by now. #daddy #condomhahahahahahaha 
3 days into the new year and i’m still not hot, tf man 
we assume others show love the same way we do — and if they don’t, we worry it’s not there. 
what two people have something in common? wait for it..... villa and bannon 
i know and it keeps getting bizarre by the minute 
every 19 minutes, a baby is born with an opiate addiction in the u.s. having to withdrawal as a newborn because your parents are hopelessly addicted to drugs is unspeakable. and it just gets worse every day. this is a national health emergency. 
someone call kelly, michelle and beyoncé, because i don't think i can handle this. … 
at the town hall @ lbofhavering today for briefing about the future of romford. havering will see billions of £ pounds investment with our conservative administration’s ambitious plans for town centre regeneration, quality housing developments and environmental improvements! 
tottenham's plan to keep harry kane from real madrid's clutches revealed? thursday's transfer news and gossip:.. 
my lil guy as well, he is blind and toothless but pulls it off 
and you know all this because, what, you went for coffee with him at starbucks pyongyang and he decided to share ... ? 
who is ready for a new video? 10 likes and i will make my new video public! going to follow a ton of people that leave a like on the video! 
@ tesco not happy had a delivery on wednesday and the plum cherry tomatoes had to eaten on the same day as delivery. 
bullshit. head of usada? this is some absolutely shameful click-bait. this references an interview done on @ joerogan's podcast by jeff novitzky, the vice president of athlete health and performance for the ufc, who is not employed by usada. 
why everyone damn cb sia lmao he had one terrible game and suddenly kenna bash until like this … 
4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
thank you for everything you make me feel confident and happy with myself i love you so so so so much 
keep your friends close and your crypto clo$er 
this app tells you you're going to die 5 times a day (and you should download it) … 
he's not the coach is just dumb and needs his "vet" brandon manning out there to show the kid how it's done 
working on a national tax plan specifically surrounding commerce and enterprise. tax will be low, tax will be fair and tax will not extort the public. lithuania's economy is in safe hands with this government. we're ready to get to work! 
and rewind cassette tapes with a pencil 
monitor any ongoing #elections and get updates as they happen: 
i'm just being honest haha but you're so welcome! hope your doing great and being safe out there! :) 
number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and no unfollowers. stats via 
now you guys need to chill. honestly if clair the peacemaker here is lost we are all doomed. i didn’t see anywhere stuart said such a thing. if my broodmares acted like this i’d take them out behind the barn and hit them smartly around the neck and shoulders with a crop. 
i have a couple friends who live there too who are gonna help me look for jobs and everything 
oh, tell me more! *i smile and rub your back gently as i hold you tight* 
it’s time now? how about maybe right after the disasters? jc your party is self serving and just sucks. 
one of the hardest hitting wrestling matches i have seen in a long time and man was it worth it… 
why do people think they should get everything handed to them. grow some balls and do shit yourself for once. 
21 with no kids, no female and no problems 
let's chat and do things together and win free games and prizes!!! … via restream.io 
oh, shit. that’s definitely not what he meant. jackson’s eyes widened, realizing his word choice before starting a full on babbling backtrack. “not that i was calling you /easy/. i just mean— ok, so if someone attractive came up to me and kissed me, i’d react the same way you— 
ok the snow is pretty and all but i’m tired of driving in it 
i got these 5 games for $39 but they're not from gamestop,it's from family dollar,that's right but there wasn't much but i got lucky. and again,no stream,i think we got enough supplies for this coldly weather. 
@ garybarlow me and my gf write music together, we want to be famous one day, we are in a band and have wrote our first song together, we are looking to get it published, can u help? p.s we're big fans of ur work 
you guys are all haters! very easy to criticize and put down others when you have no experience at all! 
@ 21cryptos any chance we could get some tips on balancing a portfolio/ a bit of risk managment in the next edition please? a masterclass would be awesome from you guys and gals! 
today is 2018-01-05 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i've decided not to carry it in my bookstore. i find it not critically valuable, the reality show version of political commentary. here are some other books about trump written in the last year by ethical and talented journalists and biographers. 
thx for checking out #ff fri fundraisers! this week, i decided to include a little something different to help with a popular resolution and never ending issue for indie filmmakers >>> let me know what you think: … #womendirect #indiefilm 
and donate!! 
okay guys igot7selcaday is tomorrow and im ready :) 
tilde and i are all cheering on this one but i wanted to try messing with the face a bit more. 
going to try and do last minute shopping and then some on this silly thing 
kumasi and accra girls no dey wear bra again. 
you're right. it is popular and martin luther king jr. would be ashamed. 
unplug and enjoy your weekend everyone! #personalassistant #allserviceconcierge 
@ kathleen_wynne look who’s talking about bullying?? while she started bullying small businesses by increasing min wage and left them with no choice , and she’s doing it for her own benefit only in order to win votes 
@ thebeatwithari - wow! that bit about projection was really important. thank you @ arimelber we need to examine every statement by potus as a projection and talk about that. 
all she wanted was unpredictable kisses and unforgettable laughter. 
riverdale sidelined both sabrina and afterlife but they maintain they’ll both be back soon. not soon enough! 
i just added this to my closet on poshmark: two shirts and one matching outfit. via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
bye i hate this and life … 
deep state coup | roger stone and stefan molyneux - youtube … 
and, for whatever reason, wife hates the thought of her on a bus. enough that i’m not going to wade into that battle. 
we are one people, let's join hands together, the economy must be stable first then we go for free and fair elections after 3 years. 
- we ship internationally and we do our best to ensure taxes/fees are minimal on shipments to brazil 
abraham had multiple wives. anyway, why are you even bringing this up as a topic of debate? lol, this does nothing to improve man's condition. i'm going to just end it here and let you vent. most likely you're going to respond with 50+ tweets. 
today is 2018-01-06 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
youre illiterate and i legit breathed 
my breakfast for today is two boiled eggs and one citric fruit too. 
japan is the key counter-example. i've heard of modern monetary theory which is on these lines, but i'm not well-versed in economics enough to judge the pro's and con's, so i just said "it's controversial." which, i suppose, describes almost every theory in economics. 
3 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
i can’t wait to get a free copy and i’ll do the same! 
to all those who have read dead centre, there is now a sequel, and to those who haven't you have a treat in store 
*scrolling through twitter* “... a woman who gained 100+ lbs on ambien. she cooked and ate full meals, and cleaned her kitchen while asleep, so she had no idea for months” me: … 
// well thats weird... when my got broken i replaced it and i didnt have to poid the man who set the new one. but i guess there is different where are you. … 
ahhh you know what is absolutely crazy? this is so like me and my bf! i actually created a little comic thingy like this yeeears ago for him x3 though more of me curling up in his feathers xd i'm a little ginger cat and he's a giant floofy raven~! thats so crazy and sweet hehe 
anyone who has the spiritual durability to watch black mirror s4 after surviving all 365 days of 2017 is too powerful and should be feared 
my family consists of 10 people distant and close 
if y’all wanna fix your twitter’s, go to ‘revoke access’ in settings and revoke the access to the site. and it’ll stop. … 
actual footage of keylee when we open together and play hamilton … 
as usual you are totally out of touch bernie. a secure country that is safe, prosperous, and leading us all back to a government that is for and by the people ( not elite politicians) is what the american people want. we are well on our way by god's mighty hand! #restoration! 
here's the thing, saying "octopuses" makes me happier than saying "octopi." and that's what matters. 
i voted #godawgs on @ thetylt because nick chubb and sony michel are unstoppable … 
my first and no longer a virgin! 
@ informed_ai network is growing @ awards_ai @ events_ai @ vocation_ai @ showcase_ai @ neurons_ai please follow and rt if you support our efforts 
...and how many megapastors? 
11 awesome tactics and tools to grow traffic that sticks via @ influencepilot @ jeffbullas 
i’ll hit u tuesday with a for sure and i’ll pull up then 
from @ bellanaija - in line with the recent killings trailing clashes between #fulaniherdsmen and… 
elena was always awful in the vampire diaries. imagine fucking two brothers and stringing them along for years man 
this investigation has apparently been an ongoing event since before the election; potus (and much of the citizenry in our republic) simply want it to be conluded and justice served; very poor choice of words (again). how long ago was hrc secstate? 
this is odd. you and i have thought about tweeting the exact same tweet today. 
$5 jewelry party. comment mine and number to claim. please share my video. 
you never know who is watching and being inspired. 
i just loaded up on $ sprts and $ moon. we've all seen what has happened to all the penny and sub penny coins recently. get them while they are still cheap ( shift clear cache if you getting that error when trying to register 
would you like to get through this winter strong and healthy then come and see how well you are doing 
mj is the one and only goat like he is the king of the entire world even if he’s dead 
thank you love. im sore and really tired but i got so scared cuz i didn't feel well and i knew there was something wrong, i hyperventilated and passed out on the way to the hospital. 
alison brie and dave franco for "the debbie reynolds and eddie fisher story," amirite? #goldenglobes 
do me a favor ... call me with the numbers on your tires tomorrow! i have a good and very reasonably priced person i go too! 
alison brie and dave france are so beautiful together my heart is swelling 
they know how to wrap themselves up nice and warm 
4 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
let go of fear and embrace discovery. 
and they wonder why ppl are laughing at them 
tebow and herschel were so impressed with my moves that they gave me… … 
#rivercity 16th january 2018 pictures and spoilers 
ugly and loud 
just spent over an hour in @ heb market street in the woodlands, and realized i forgot my wallet, it’s ok, i have my checkbook, no big deal right?!? wrong!! was treated as a common criminal, because i didn’t have my id, trying to pay for my groceries with a check!! #dobetter #smh 
two great talents!! and jon of course making three 
bring johnny to cleveland and they will win 
vegan thoughts and a great interview about health and nutrition, with fantastic athlete, rich... 
someone link i gotta start this bitch and stop procrastinating 
it's making him someone you trust, someone you feel safe with your secrets and wishes, and that he will take good care of it. it's making him a part of you. 
keralis i haven't missed an episode of your ylands adventure yet. every episode is so much fun. ty and keep up the amazing work! 
forreal, i got a chance to play @ haymakersgame and it was so damn good. 
i’ve been listening to black femme folk artist and dancing with my ancestors and my oh my it’s been a trip! 
they receive their first shipment in quarter 1 and then shipment two in quarter two. they think they can mine 2100 coins this year plus they receive green certificates from romania for using their own green power. those certs are worth 18.9 million this year. 

i want a cookies and cream milkshake... 
oh god yes. the tight pants and the tight vest such a dorky hunk … 
but you're getting through the day and that's sometimes already a big thing by itself 
chuckie and the raiders re-united. should be entertaining... jon gruden introduced as raiders head coach, "i want to win" | nfl via @ youtube 
if anyone ever has a problem with something i’ve said or done, please tell me so i can apologise and sort myself out. i’m extremely clueless so sometimes i don’t realise if i’ve said or done something wrong, & i really do mean well so the last thing i want is to hurt someone 
i am super wack and finding no motivation to talk to anybody and so tempted to even turn my phone off tomorrow... argh this is how i am going to lose friends 
yes he has.started today.he also told lindsey if they want path to citizenship,he will take the heat and also said does not need a full border wall.that rivers and mountains and other areas not needed.also said he would divide all this into two groups,now.part now part latter 
my little maltese turns his head and kisses me on the calf/shin every time he comes in from outside.. warms my .. 
bud and “bloody” mary, as i am calling them, are just different enough that they might have a future together. sure, he’s partier, and she’s into public health, but they have a bit to admire in eachother. they both want people to come together for a cause. 
thank you . god bless you and your family. the support of many people like you is very inspiring and gives me hope. 
aileen acts like a saint, like she’s not the type of person to fuck your best friend, brother and dad after you fuck her over lol oops 
home wrecker and sexual harrasser....great 
corbyn benefitted from millions of pro-eu tactical votes last time, and took each one as an endorsement of his stance. i too will vote lib dem or green. i'll never vote tory, but to me labour looks like red ukip, and corbyn doesn't deserve my vote. 
got my helix pierced tonight my first ever one on other ear was with a gun when i was 13 and terrible! this time with a needle at #pierceofart in chesterfield i travelled from sheffield! hope it heals quick, laying on it’s a nightmare 
teach me how to curl omg cheetos and us curling made a dance video? lul 
blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the whole heart. psalms 119:2 k… 
with goku having ultra instinct and vegeta having perfected blue can a new vegeto match or even beat jiren 
i also pointed at his lack of paying people and his fraudulent college. 
thank you but no thatnk you. roman is wrestling and rollins and balor are both shirtless. last time i watch a video during wrestling i ended up crying (blame you task) 
i chose onion in the poll, but i doubt i could give up either. for reals, you'd have to take a finger off me or something instead. we buy a minimum of 5 of those 3 lbs bags of garlic per month, and use at least 2 red onions per day, more if we eat more than once in a day. 
and at least another 100 trillion by closing the ethnicity gap. 
meanwhile, i’m home from college on christmas break and i wanted some kfc but i saw people i graduated with and sat in my car until they left. … 
bored? pledge to my group show and join the fun! the more the merrier! #flirt4free 
thank you @ ralphfolz for truly amazing work and congrats @ hkogan !! … 
thanks to @ fullxcollapse for the fleet foxes and my chem christmas gifts and thank you to myself… 
it's extraordinary how some people just cannot see that other people have different experiences from theirs. i once had a teacher who told me that menstrual pain did not exist (i suffered agony). she 'knew' this because she also had periods, and hers were completely painless! … 
try tackling it like a puzzle. outline the edges of your story and then pants away as you go from edge to edge. that's what i did with writing and it really helped flush things out that i didn't even intend, but my foundation is still there 
that's rock and roll baby!! 
online workshop: research proposal writing in the context of administrative and/or secondary use of data … 
i just remembered being at 333 last year and this random girl was about to get in a cab and she goes "wanna come home with me and snuggle?" and the words i used were "nah, i'm gonna go play video games at that guy's house and get dumb lit on gas". lolllllll...caught the ghost. 
i am so excited for both the buyer and the home owner!!! i am looking forward to changing many… 
my mom threw away my matchbox 20 cd because "your dad used to rent to their guitarist's mom, and they are not good people." 
keep strong - and get back out on your bike. it will help. 
he's not as good as randy orton. it's amazing how good randy orton has been at staying fresh and interesting after all of these years... 
3 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
so sad to see the poaching and abuse of our beautiful #somaliland cheetahs. if they survive they are then used as ‘pets’ by middle eastern playboys. we somalilanders have a legal and moral duty to look after the incredible gift that is our wildlife. … 
all good reasons and shows good character for ucf to help out although doesn’t change the fact they missed 1 of only 2 p5 teams they were to play. 
russell realty holding open house sunday jan 14th, 2018! 2 pm-4 pm ! come check out this great home and say hi to... 
as rain and snow become a part of many people’s lives, we must all be aware of the hazards that come along with... 
every year "i'll bump up my leg work outs big time before skiing" and i never do. actually doing it. 
almost had a panic attack at work and just got home 
today is 2018-01-10 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
just shout and all things well be fine gd luck thou 
bmw shows off its updated 2 series tourer and gran tourer: bmw is giving its mpv… #cars #oc 
sephy's mom has got it running on my yt channel with her and some of her friends. 
ai and machine learning bias has dangerous implications … @ opensourceway\n#opensource 
it's friday and i can go home early today. fucking finally!!!!!! 6 hours and 30 minutes to go 
injustice 2 hack tool for android and ios to get unlimited coins and gems … 
at first i thought you said she broke wind on minimum wage....but i still can't believe she didn't keep her word! that's never happened before. this has nothing to do with the election and i'm going to join a union and vote liberal. 
acorn and seiu trained the organizers. 
full metal alchemist: brotherhood is sadder than 3 motherfuckers and i'm not ok. 
and that makes me sick to my stomach, literally. i don’t want to live in a country that is occupied by such sick minds. hopefully the majority are of the oldest generation. 
an hour and 20 minutes to get home. 
get the fuck in the principles office yo knwo i cant spell and i dont wanna resort to turning on fucking autospell 
people probably block me because i tweet my feelings and what i am going through. not my problem. 
if only you guys released this before ): thanks though team! keep up the amazing work, and continue trying to get people to play this game 
your honor, i'd like to ask the plaintiff what happens if we honor their request and pull the plug? the defense rests, your honor. 
most comprehensive book is a time for trumpets (really i'm not joking) and even that book although marketed as autobiographical is mostly about chronicals of the wwar ll. 
center seat. the fall from @ southwestair a list was hard and fast. – bei kansas city international airport (mci) 
i feel like crap didnt sleep much and had to work 6 hours today ugh! 
if the bulls can get stanley johnson from the pistons for niko i'd say that's their best bet. only 21 and plays sf, a position of need for them. 
correction: @ bt_vancouver caught up with @ bluejays pitcher aaron sanchez and outfielder dalton pompey ahead of the eighth annual blue jays winter tour! (previous tweet named justin 
while “taking a knee” may be a fairly new phenomenon, the precepts and philosophies of a positive mi … @ nfl #boycottthenfl 
today is 2018-01-12 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
the metro tile floors were soaked and very hard to walk on this morning. i almost fell multiple times in my running sneakers. 
the gw 23 preview is here, @ talkintogga & @ fantasygaffer talk willian, sharko, lukaku's best traits and sanchez' best landing spot … 
just did the same, in and out like a fast food restaurant. 
and another one joins the lib dems! … 
big winners this week empress, huntsman knife, mini skirt, and more thanks @ fandykeepo @ hipks @ yosoykush new grand raffles up now at and 
4 people followed me and 7 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
let's end this college degree debate right here and now..shelia jackson lee has a degree from yale. let that sink in a second ...before you laugh.. 
and i’m so confident in me i know i’m not bout to pull no girl who is a 10 and that’s ok i’ll settle for a 7 
someone go to a trivia night with me. and a roller skating rink. and thrift shops on guadalupe. 
mason and alex are otp … 
julian edelman and i aren’t engaged yet and i’m so offended 
french montana ain't worried about nothin? tristan thompson looked at him and said "bet" #openlymockasong 
i’m also disappointed in myself because i was only like $124 away from maintaining my @ sephora vib rouge status for 2018 and i dropped the ball on that by not doing basic math correctly 
leave all negativity and salty bitches in 2017 
great article by @ rachel_tompa on science to watch in 2018! exciting improvements and challenges in ids! @ pergamic stresses the importance of preventing resistance and preserving treatment options through careful … 
literal definiton of finding a real one and duckin off … 
i always do what i promised for the people i love or care about, and to my professional colleagues. my work is my bond. it's how we were raised and had things modeled to us as kids. 
the pics for le bal masqué ~ polly perry's new year's eve masquerade are up. you truly looked amazing! thank you again for coming out in style and celebrating the new year with me. here's the link. be sure to like and follow the page. … 
so i confronted the owner(s) whose poor dog has been left outside for hours at a time barking in below freezing temp, and she flat out lied. i have 2 months worth of data, lady - nice try. time to escalate. 
may the happiness of the world and its joy and radiance be with you. idk you that well but from what ive read on your account,... — aameen thumma aameen..! wa iyyaki/ka. firstly...جزاكُم اللّٰه خيرًا for this amazing message whic... … 
and i just wanna shut my eyes. i'm so sick of feeling used. 
havin' some dindin with @ albybutt @ juggermelon and @ galvinwolf 
chanyeol is an incredibly talented musician! he can play the drums, guitar, bass, and djembe. 
love you, thanks boo. im back and im better! lol 
me watching step sisters trailer: this looks very pitch perfectish trailer: "...and the choreographers of pitch perfect..." 
there's a fine line between being prepared for an interview, and overthinking it so much you've probably literally ruined your chances already. i think i am testing that line. 
explanation: colored vertical lines represents endosymbiosis events, nodes with letters are calibrated to geological time. white spaces cover nodes that aren't. also names that are in bold are monophyletic while the ones that are not bold and tilted are paraphyletic. 
lazy sunday (which means all the groceries are bought and put away, laundry is folded, floors… 
my mexican-american experience can be described as a flour tortilla. yet, frontiers flour tortilla are by far best i've ever had. enjoying the history and flavors of the southwest … 
@ repalgreen #erasing obama. isn’t our flotus beautiful!!! how about not being a desplicable black racest and read your history about black kings raiding and selling entire villages . that’s how slavery started and blame the bors & africans. 
things change quickly and keep on going, but it's okay if you fall behind! 
8.00 carat morganite in custom platinum and diamond ring $5,000.00 
get excited about your hair and go. no need to involve anyone else. … 
and i tried to buy your pretty heart but the price is too high 
teen and adults class warm up this morning. be transformed! choose,… 
when the flute hangs out with his bird and they start cuddling 
you disliking yoru's grandpa is hilarious to me, because it means that their families have a close enough relationship for the old man to yell at you and chase him around with scissors 
i was counting this mans change out loud (we were told to do that to make sure the customer knew we had the correct amount) and he goes “oh she can count” loud as fuck infront of everyone i was so mad lol i quit af … 
@ jjgrennie87 you have the jags part correct, now just take down the ped u flag and you will be ok. go jags, and f penn state and their delusional jopa loving fans 
will be repeating and reciting this dozens of times over the next 2 weeks #ao18 #ausopen 1st grand slam event of 2018 … 
i bought a screen protector for my new phone and didn’t realize it’s a privacy screen so now my phone looks dumb 
here here, they sound shocking and you look like idiots … 
it's like saying tj is going to have a size advantage over dj.. he does and he knows it hence him pushing down instead of up like every other fighter. gsp won't fight conor for the same reason 
can someone be my date for a gambling cruise this saturday i'll even pay ur cover and give u $30 to gamble with it 
i got some incredible butter last week and was able to make a whole week of pain medicine with… 
eh, alphinaud gets better at least and its au ra or auri, not au'ra 
new section: “ask samantha” is up in the blog. here’s the answer to a viewer that wrote in. i don’t have all the answers, but i’ll do my research and get you some suggestions! send in one today! just go to: , and send in yours! 
right! cause i’m 22 and i know i act like i’m 19 or 20 … 
addictions and other vices podcast - addictions and other vices 357 - bombshell radio #loveyourindie 24-7 radio! 
tom and seb in one pic tho … 
ah the infallibility of private companies doing government work. great to see the tories propping up stooges they created. this is where the nhs is heading and i am terrified … 
i remember people saying he was crazy athletic. i was curious to see how he'd fit in new orleans' defense with vonn bell and kenny vacarro already there. but he looks like a stud 
an iconic beer. bass. bitter and brilliant. 
he did that last game and it was picked . but guess what he still closed the game 
...and? … 
used a protien treatment. my hair smells floral and i hate it. 
the journey continues. drop in and watch an old man discover tamriel for the first time. skyrim episode 5 starts now !! @ twitchonline @ twitchtvonline @ twitchsharing @ twitchtvhost @ streamsupport_ @ supstreamers 
don't worry about him, he'll return again and again. this is only his 1st deportation? this man who killed our friend and director and his 22yr son was deported to mexico~returned with a new name right away=easy return=he'll be back #buildthatwall to #maga to put 
the fact i am still wearing christmas pyjamas in january is not because i love christmas it’s because they a reallyfricking comfy and they should be enjoyed all year round 
the “everything,” fitton is referring to may hold the key to a plethora of scandals surrounding clinton, everything from the fbi’s handling of her email investigation to alleged pay-to-play scheme between the clinton foundation and state department agencies. 
and to this day my parents amuse themselves still by putting their hands on the sides of their faces and humming the dunwich horror theme music at me. 
if i’m the only lady i just sit. the men can follow. no need to stand for 15 mins chat chat cause i’m being polite and dude dpesnt even know he must offer us seats. nope. 
really!!!??? truth be told the only controversy around trump, is the media lies! the fake russian collusion, which appears to be bought by, or, on behalf of the clinton gang. please step out of this circle of lies and spin. past proves future! 
found a transponder snail! giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters! 
that time i had to force leona and rachel to a gig with me bc i knew no one at the gig 
at the time a person rises to that stage at which they can separate themselves from their body and experience themselves as pure #self which is beyond the body, they can die peacefully and joyfully, and will inherit the kingdom of joy and happiness for many lives to come. #sauh. 
coach lou montanaro passed away today having coached the caseys from 1976-1999. he was inducted to the rbc hall of fame in 2017 and has the most career wins in rbc football history 
ok so i just ordered this script and i’m freaking out and i rewatched almost all of season 1 and now i’m blasting the stranger things album and i’m about to blast the stranger things 2 album so yep that’s my life 
if i shot my shot will u shoot my heart? — turn around and die … 
my favorite beyoncé album slides back and forth between dangerously in love and b’day 
it took some time but lo and behold there the other was. riding his horse back from whatever duty he had been sent on. no doubt exhausted and wishing to be home. ...how sad. not only that but that pesky little blade laid strapped acrossed his back. from here he could already- 
taliyah and her little bud celebrating his special day. … 
my name is lucy and i am not a huge mood … 
no, it's just the simple fact of it not being over until grim gives up, has he given up? no, so therefore gts isn't over and gone, jay and joe leaving doesn't take away from the fact that gts is still will come back from this 
i am annoying and angry and do wear glasses 
all hat creek locations are now closed due to the weather for the safety of our customers and employees! we’ll be serving up hot breakfast and coffee starting at 7 am tomorrow morning 
#tomatojay funny animals scared of random shit and your my favorite youtube person jay … 
cheers for the read and comments! i know, me too mate. hearing my dad recount those dark days helped me appreciate just how bad it must've been. here's hoping they can! 
(( again, nobody would have known who they were taking about. they had no intentions of exposing you, you went and did that yourself by acting like this. 
she just seemed quite pissy when she came over and spoke to my friends and i, and we didn't get a very good vibe from her, that's all. 
bass singer richard sterban, more widely known as the bass man of the oak ridge boys. i loved elvis, gospel music, and country music. so of course love the oaks, being fans of theirs also let to me becoming fans of many other entertainers. @ rasterban 
defending the indefensible once more @ turnbullmalcolm . this has not gone down well with ordinary australians suffering wage freezes and rising costs. another nail in your electoral coffin. 
i dont know what the hairdresser put in my hair but its sticky and malleable but kinda nice i want to play with it 
she nods and slowly wiggles out of her panties, smirking as she lightly drapes them over your muzzle. “there ya go.” 
i'm sure you have contributed to last years 4-8 season, and the 11 straight years where you haven't beaten alabama. 
can this be arranged? i'll personally pay you 0 dollars for one of these licences and would probably use it once every 3 years, but it's the thought that counts right? :p 
i also liked how you traversed the region in a different order than in the first games! you start off in a completely new town, and the original starting town isnt even reachable till post game! 
aww jordan love u sm bff! love hanging w u and i’ll for sure drive u everywhere u want 
thank you @ schwans!! cj brought these home last night and they are so good! saving us on this… 
it’s my birthday and i’m feeling so blessed 
@ jonathanmayo is great at making these lists and he was 100% correct braves fans love their prospects and r upset we didn't have guys onlist 
not got it from anywhere but it certainly seems plausible in the long run. it’ll improve quality of officiating no end but would that really improve football? part of the sport is mistakes, from players and referees alike 
trying to organise accomodation for a weekend to glasgow when there's 2 couples in the group and 4 singles is more difficult than i ever imagined 
oh my, .....you are still a practicing pastor, aren’t you? is you congregation...you know , the sheep that follow the shepherd people watching...listening...learning. is this how you taught your daughter to be so sarcastic and rude to people... 
my dad wants to join your basketball game tomorrow. you name the time and place, he'll bring the snacks. @ jenna_marbles 
cant be helped when they drilling and sawing 
for youtubers that received this this morning please check out @ phillyd advise on other platforms and options... 
and you’d have one strong senator in @ alfranken voting too, if it weren’t for certain senator that started...oh wait....!!!......shhhh! @ senatedems @ … 
sounds good koz. not sure when i’ll be back since my parents moved to texas but i’ll hit you up man. take care and thanks again. 
fair point. unless there is some great job growth between now and mid terms, then it isn't a game changer at all. 
yes, i have a friend who works for apple and that was in their plans few years ago. companies like that always think on the long term. 
well, it worked so well in iraq and libya, why not do it again. 
one like regulators and she likes the outlaws #denofthieves in theaters january 19 
the x-files and the handmaid's tale: how we talk when we talk about rape … via @ themarysue 
sometimes going on aven makes me feel more alone and sometimes it makes me feel better and today it's made me feel better. but that also means i feel increasingly more aaaaaaa i want to date i could be good at it i swer 
today is 2018-01-17 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
the woman behind two men and a truck ) 
you've got this, you will reach 1000, and also... 
screenshotters can screenshot anything and doctor anything. who is to tell whoever “doctored” your whatsapp message isn’t on twitter waiting to “doctor” something else? … 
cowboy or cowgirl boot and hat chocolate lollipops12 qty via @ etsy 
makeup done and ready to go back to bed 
i attended the unity breakfast “unfinished work of a dream”. i was honored to meet guest speaker synthia saint james and discuss her art and its meanings. #forourvalues 
what’s up with the @ foodnetwork always being on at the gym... kinda sadistic but i’m totally into it. #carbs and #cardio babyyy 
don't worry babe and yes we feel so many things watching your videos, they are amazing!! 
when you love someone, even though they hurt you and break your heart, you still love them with all the little pieces. 
greenr3 air purifier true hepa air filter + 4 replacement carbon filters for whirlpool 1183054 1183054k 83375 83376 ap45030k ap51030k fits ap-300 and more … 
gone head and go to the eagles bro.. … 
please tell me you didn’t put this on and go out in the freezing cold just for a pic 
no live broadcast tonight but we will tweet out qtr. scores and will attempt to record a broadcast to be posted on @ audioboom 
this part is true. it's not like i hate any dragon knight i am just a little disappointed when i die and i know it was him. 
just got my teaching schedule!! i’ll be teaching orgo 2 lab: sections 8 & 14! so adjust your schedule accordingly i mean, if you’re trying to have a great time and learn some chemistry 
let’s buy a red eye flight and go tonight 
2 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
thank you chef baskette and orange park high school #culinary students for serving at tonight’s @ oneclayschools state of schools event! swords up! 
yeah, and the shirts too. thanks. 
rt: home international: every strong organization must have strong administration. we are thankful for every “i” that’s dotted and every “t” that's crossed and every call that is answered for a child in need. partner with us today! #guatemala #home #or... 
if someone has eye smile naturaly and he/she is smiling, look if there is wrinkles or not. that's the point of the sincere :) 
at what point does a girl randomly get a dick pic, and say wow. i need me some of that. newsflash fellas. girls don’t need your dicks in their dm’s. 
everything he’s saying about trump, he’s proven more and more trump doesn’t have what it takes to be president. that he’s easily swayed by the way you treat him. he’s worse than a woman when it’s her time of the month. … 
i guess that’s indicative of poor coaching when you have two all-star starters and still barely stay above .500 
love the movie seen it 8 times and the music is inspirational 
meeting fatboysse and he said hes gonna get me signed for a million dollars ... 
not all oil spills are the same. and experts haven't seen one like the disaster in the east china sea before, writes @ … 
2 inches too tall and about twice the weight. i can do the loudmouth and leftist thing, but i'm probably not gonna be able to pull off the lady part 
any way you can go back to comedy and stop being a democrat shill? johnny carson is rolling over in his grave! 
@ droskes forgot to add: our schools are not failing. such a good point, and such a dangerous (and shitty) thing to say. i've worked in schools for years, and i saw a lot of successes. 
read this and remember lunch yesterday. sweet curry goat and red bean rice..heaven! … 
it’s good though lol... when you’re broke and hungry 
and then a year later little bb 11 year old me saw my first concert. cher’s living proof farewell tour. i am cry. 
rt @ cwolbach5: with peyton and get shot in jail 
damn. i am a youngin' but it still took well over 3 weeks for me to recoup from my back injury in physical therapy. and ppl living on ss alone could never afford it out of pocket 
they've lost a long time ago yet still can't accept it. their accusations are so old and worn out now, it's funnier than heck! so predictable anymore. lol 
carson sheumaker ht: 5’9 very involved in yig, good runner, a strong people person, and he’s on a first name basis with his hair stylist. promising date. be sure to hit him up. 
did you know that an sfpcu platinum visa features lost luggage reimbursement, #travel accident insurance, and a generous rewards program? you can even design your own card! 
@ troncarternlu @ nolayingup check out this kid, and he rocks the visor … 
boy my mama sent this too man and i started crying. my sister is mad as hell right now lmfao 
stop trolling and @ ing him 
i really believe i'm dodging a canon ball by leaving inmotion hosting. i kept having problems from the login module to wordpress install and plugin failures. after a few rounds with enough inept tech reps, i became convinced today to run and not look back. 
12 days left with this fast. went to lunch with my co-workers and didn't order nor eat any food. i've never done that before. 
this is an event you don’t want to miss! mac’s cajun shack is partnering with smoke signals bbq to stimulate your taste buds! join us tomorrow, 1/20/18, at the corner of altamesa and mccart from 12pm until the deliciousness is gone! #macscajunshack 
add real working doors and also an app on da phone to open like the hood and stuff 
we’re live with kittens and minecraft! 
my take on trump's first year as an african-american mom and veteran … via the @ foxnews android app 
today is 2018-01-20 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
got back into #subnautica and having a great time :) it’s sure come a long way since i bought this time last year, not to mention how great it’s running on my gaming pc. 
just when i was celebrating living through the tax cut and the whole net neutrality nightmare smh. 
#releasethememo chuck schumer should have his assets frozen we should get a credit on our taxes for no work on stupid democrats that shut down of the government over daca really. i hope this fisa gets released and show the real collusion and end muller investigation. … 
jake: lets go do something me: how about you bring me food and we stay at home 
“we are your friends, we will never leave you. we will go with wherever you go, you hear us?!!” -depression, anxieties and loneliness 
every morning, every meal and every night. i am praying for you @ kendricklamar 
sketchers is so confusing and quick like i want the song titles but i cant play it wooooo 
build huge lists, skyrocket your profits and take control of your email... starting now- 
never a dull moment with my bestie @ reagipoo and i. we practically jammed the whole way too fort wayne and about cried while laughing so hard . no matter what mood we are in we always have fun! 
randy met my grandparents and my wela today 
android and ios: working now!! 
alright pal bring it down a notch, you’ll be ok, your president and mine will be here for a long time, enjoy it why don’t ya? 
dan gets an unexpected preview of 2019 and a life devoid of taxpayer subsidies. … 
he kept ignoring his letter and when mps showed up one night on his block they were there for his neighbor who screamed the whole time as they dragged him offb 
[21/01 02:45:38] sub/btc: buy at hitbtc for 0.000117 (volume: 38060.0) and sell at binance for 0.0001351 (volume: 7436838.0). arbitrage percentage is 15.47% 
trump just made history, many ways. first president to preside over a govt shutdown while his party controls the house, senate and white house and first president to preside over a shutdown on the first anniversary of his inauguration and earliest shutdown ever in a presidency. 
imagine how long it took to think of this and come up with this theory omg … 
why can’t people hold concerts at d.c? im good for it, i have the money!! most concerts held in d.c. are rap and 18+ and i’m not legal . it’s truly a tragedy 
it's always such a relief when a twitizen reveals and owns their political and policy ignorance publicly. 
he's never been caught using steroids. "spy gate" was recon that was always allowed previously. the deflate thing? they all used the same balls. no one bitched about .3-.5lbs until they lost and the colts weren't winning that game regardless. just keeping it real. 
thank you tia. *smiles and bows* 
my playlist is so wild.. it can go from j cole, to ozuna, to some banda ms, back to some drake, and then end up on chalino sanchez lmao 
devin nunes compiles a memo that russian bots are expressing enthusiasm about and we are suppose to believe its contents would be accurate/believable? #trumprussia 
why does this even matter?? he wasn’t even activated for today’s game and has had no impact on the patriots. … 
here is the next generation of marketing opportunities and challenges 
i'm so sorry for your loss @nannercatart. they're moving on and were still just sitting here lost. i guess all we can really do is leave it in god's hands and pray for the loss of the patriots.......... 
the ms green team is in their forth consecutive championship game and looking to go back to back! come out and support our spartans monday night at 5:30 in the sinkwich spartan center. @ spartanathletic @ theoenews @ 
soon my sunday’s won’t be boring anymore and they will be full of chinese food and raw sex all day like the old days smh 
distance trump from shutdo.....he’s the fucking president!!!! this is his shit show #gop and you made it!! just because he has a 3 minute attention span and is too stupid to understand squat about politics doesn’t mean you get to hide him away … 
honestly i'm really feeling my hair and makeup today. which is very unusual because i normally hate my natural hair. but i'm digging it 
winners and losers of the leon goretzka signing 
hey@captmo2 and@panthersthis is so true theyre all winners. i had to plug my panthers88 cause thats the hardcore loyal fan of the panthers i am#goodluckwpmoy candidates. #foreverpanthersfan95 
i love that i get to be home every weekend and spend time with my… … 
man, i'm watching fellowship of the ring for the first time in fucking years high and it's like a brand new movie godamn this is beautiful 
it is quite simple...you search for the user @ avon_deer and it all unfolds from there. 
omg strong husband/daddy to play with and just yes the very best!!! gods it’s so nice to have some who relateswe are sisters now 
risking a rant from someone, i'd agree with it in the sense that state enforced atheism isn't a good thing, just as state enforced religion isn't either. obviously this is making an false equivalency between deconverting and forcing people to choose atheism. 
we´re gonna have ugandas and boxes. 
i love this hyam 100% cotton 3d duvet cover set no inside comforter set.the colors are bold. it feels so soft and the quality is great. excellent workmanship very affordable four pc cotton 3d duvet cover, this bedding is gorgeous and comfortable 
thankful i got to meet and spend the weekend with such amazing people @camp christian 
lmfao foh and suck my dick 
envision, plan and commit to achieve 
@ cbsnews @ nbcnews @ abc @ cnn @ npr @ msnbc when interviewing any politician who is lying and you're not making them squirm with your questions pinpointing the lie, you're doing something wrong 
#congrats @ mateagold another career highlight! matea gold named national political enterprise and investigations editor … 
i honestly can't control what i do completely and whatever happens happens where ever. 
your welcome!! and i meant to say i love your little smile! 
i love when i walk past a group of boys and get called a slut 
yes. creating a pin of your blog post and including a link to it whilst promoting, is still really helpful for long-term success of that blog post on pinterest. it can not hurt! 
just the idea of sending the dreamers away to a country that they aren't familiar with is completely ridiculous and inhuman, a stupid idea. 
i prefer to cut out the middle mane and get straight to the source. 
my current favourite twitter "thing" is @ davidkharbour and his internet challenges and his willingness to follow through, he might just be the hero we need to replace super bob #strangerthings 
i checked it and he’s right. only played in 10 games (9.5 really) so 40 added attempts is right and adding 30 completions equals 60.6%, rounded to 61%. but for some math is hard. 
i totally agree with you. why has nothing been done? this is a sad situation. i would hope if it were me that somebody in my family or a friend would do something before pics like this were floating around on twitter. it's very sad and not funny. but, something needs to be done. 
@ jacobwhitesides hey i had a realization last night and i think you should read it. it’s short. you make me so happy i hope you know that x … 
mueller is going for a "check mate" not "check." trump has to serve at least 4 years to draw a pension, health care and possibly secret service protection. i'm hoping trump is impeached and going to prison on his forth year. … 
i am physically free but emotionally... i am stilland clueless 
i just used the original coffee scrub and let me tell you... watch out beauty gurus 
irrational how? and don't bring up the two sex thing again, that only deals with procreation. it's your only real argument and you desperately want to avoid it linked to having kids somehow. 
if you're serious about this recco, i'll check it out. is earthsea better than/as good as tad williams' "memory, sorrow and thorn?" 
ctfu and the shit begins 
i'm just happy to be off and on my way home. 
and yet another reason @ nhl & @ mlb are so much better than the nfl! 
i cant find a copy of it here in where i live and i sadly dont own a ps4 i just own a ps3 thats it 
nothing’s great, it’s just funny and dumb 
here at kane for the wrestling match between ridgway and kane. match will start at 160lbs. @ reedyg3 
“students continue to be students even when they login on facebook, twitter, and ig. the continuing requirement to observe school discipline and proper conduct cannot be whittled down simply because the acts are done in cyberspace.” - atty erap estrada … 
thank you to @ ugaheros and everyone who stopped by yesterday!! enjoy the swag!! #primestudentrep #ad 
did you ever see the movie starman? “you are a strange species, not like any other, and you would be surprised how many there are. intelligent but savage. shall i tell you what i find beautiful about you? you are at your very best when things are worst" 
twentieth song to be added to my playlist in 2018: something different by why don't we. call me lowbrow for this selection but i'm not backing down. i know what i like and this song appeals to me. and yes, many have called this boyband the second 1d. 
not a problem mate, you just need to send me your address and £300 
new layout idk what to think of it but hoseok looks so bf in that pic and i’m forever keeping 2!3! lyrics as my header 
i hate my life.there are 6373838 kids around me and my friends at the bruins game. 
mold-a-rama! i loved these things! the ones at the field, msi, brookfield zoo, and the shedd were always fun to play with! and then, you get a hot plastic toy. <3 
labour should make it clear that any contract with a duration longer than the next parliament will be considered to have been foisted on them under duress and may be terminated without notice or compensation - then watch the money-grabbers run 
>we all like. "dad can you help me? oh hi mom, where's vi?" [i nodded taking the science textbook from luke as he sat beside me.]"i put a picture of on my snapchat and all the girls loved it." ( @ abimatthews_ ) 
growing fruits and@veggies with fracking waste water!! … 
'borgeous/loud luxury - going under' now playing on shoutdrive and 
and puerto ricans and anyone not white or orange 
one side of me really wishes he had somebody to love and do romantic shit with. but the other side of me hates love. so i dunno 
you know i don’t cook . and i’m at home i really ain’t fucking w that man! 
i dont have the movies on my laptop but like, the subs on cr (for the show at least) are horribly timed so idk if i should buckle down and watch the movie on cr or what 
and it costs $0 
omar and i talk shit about people lmaooo 
when the feeling ain't the same and your body don't want to 
remember that awful era on the internet where people were posting that tony the trap tiger at whatever the furry version of magic city is with a gun and that one pic of him cooking crack? 
wanna take your #homebusiness to the next level and massive profitability? 
this should be a fascinating lecture tomorrow evening, particularly for locals and people involved in businesses... 
pikiell on the btn says they're going to try and run and throw different defenses out there. giving away the game plan 
and we’ll go shot for shot for shot ‘til we forgot what we came here to forget 
she has said that i said they’re not allowed to ask anything so i let her rant on and now i’ve gone upstairs finally 
2 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
i hope that one day trey gowdy of south carolina runs for president of the united states! he tells it just how it is and no bullshit and people in government that break the law should be prosecuted! unlike #hrc who got a pass for now 
alright well since you want to talk about wrongs and rights, how come you stan someone who so badly wanted to work with woody allen? 
love it! thank for having me speak along side the legends like @ scottdorsey and @ … 
if you were to look at @ kaleybclay and i dirty dishes, you would think our diet consists of only coffee and wine. #seniorsemester 
check out nike young girls/women pink and black (plaid) high tops sneakers size 3.5 #nike … via @ ebay 
to all @cryptocriedwolf followers, here is some free insight into a possible $ omg 40-80% gains!!! be sure to come on over and follow @ crypt0bing0 for live wall street short & long positions. let me help you dictate the market! @ binanceupdates @ crypt0bing0 @ 
they were probably in a hurry. wanting to go home and get smashed 
#cryhavoc and … 
if it gets us a wall, no chain migration, extreme vetting, and higher standard for the rest of immigrants. id say f it lets get this shit over with.. cause dems aint gonna budge. we have to be realistic. slap in face to every legal immigrant but im not voting for no fking dem 
i try to avoid consuming all warm or hot liquids such as coffee, tea, hot chocolate, urine, and the like. 
3/4 a woman is a distraction for having a bra strap and boys will be boys and their actions are excused. 
the socialist india wishes to all citizens of this great country 69threpublic day. let's celebrate this great event n the spirit of liberty and equality. we'll see how this event is maintained by the citizens of our nation. we've to pledge to protect our democracy with great mind 
number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and no unfollowers. stats via 
because you're civilised? you could give these people a perfect 1:1 vr simulation to indulge their darkest most depraved desires and after the first visceral thrill they would not be interested bevause or isn't a real person. they need to feel actually more powerful in real way 
let's chat and do things together and win free games and prizes!!! … 
@ ronjohnsonwi i see that johnson has once again recaptured the throne as gop laughingstock. he's currently among the all-tim leaders for holding on to this title. close contenders are perenniel faves choootspah bachmann, steve king and gohmert 
looking for digital and social media strategies conference? #printmarketing #print #marketing 
he is . ok he’s not hiding, but i’m keeping my ass in the other room cause his face is cute and i’d like to keep it.. 
yeah... it sucks having to change pots n pans and even blenders every couple years. if i'm able to get happycall in calgary, i definitely wanna get me some. 
i always forget how to writw my name in katakana bc its not said how its spelled so im like its ダリア. but uts not yuka told me wat it was and its like デイリア 
“a mage? glad to see another one around here.” the man couldn’t help it, the way she was shining there and the magic circle caught his attention. 
we couldn't have done it without the help of 3 awesome parents! our gratitude goes to ms.lamparelli, ms.gibson, and ms.laroche! 
seeing the sweet and encouraging comments on tao’s instagram makes me happy, but i’m so sad that there are still people calling him greedy and saying he’s whining for opening up. like it upsets me so much 
in between whether i'm social enough to go to mr. vg tonight or if i should go home and watch bbc pride and prejudice. 
during my nearly 30-year career in law enforcement, i’ve learned that investigations involving the exploitation of children are some of the most difficult investigations conducted by special agents and local law enforcement. 
(we were on a plane a couple of weeks ago in this photo. she's my service dog and is terrified of flying. i had to dope her up to get her on the plane! some service dog!! i was her service human!!) 
ready to move to japan and joined their convo 
when life smiles to you and then you find it is a fake smiiile !! 
hey @ sheaserrano can you put your leverage to work to try and get a new hot boys cd..ill donate my life savings to the cause lol 
so we came to el taps and we got seated next to this group of douche bags that call the waiter primo 
it's that time again! we're rounding up #horsehistory (and #longears and zebra, too) cfps, talks, exhibits, and other events of interest. have something you think should be listed? check and drop us a line. 
more disgusting is how badly she has toadied up to him and made a mockery of this country on the international stage. 
that cover is so gorgeous, and the title intriguing - will definitely be watching for more info on this one! 
@ potus @ realdonaldtrump @ gopchairwoman @ housegop @ senategop @ gop @ whitehouse rnc chairwoman ronna mcdaniel are you going to stand by what you said or is the money more important? stop remaining silent and condemn all. on judgement day money won't matter but honesty will. 
our cats princess and cinderella enjoying the sun on their favorite perch. 
someone keep me from going to my dads house i’m so annoyed and i’m not even there yet 
retweeting again may this new year be your most phenomenal ever!!! love and blessings! 
law sample paper on the england problem and its contribution to capitalism 
@ realdonaldtrump your immigration proposal is very very bad. this is not putting americans first. we voted for you because you promised just the opposite...that there would be no amnesty and all illegals must go back. i will demand that my representative oppose this. disappointed 
nothing to eat, nothing to drink and no-where to hide. so long as we measure well-being by an ever increasing gdp, we are doomed to a dystopian-like future, all of us. 
2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
i'm vicariously watching the game through my tl and i'm loving it 
he is amazing awesome and he has accomplished far more than i thought in his first year as potus. he needs us, those that believe in his plan to redeem america. be part of the restoration. take a glorious ride on the trump train. see you there. 
10 people followed me and 13 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
eat both. make a stew with both chicken and beef and add your favorite vegetables and some hot sauce for good measure. man i gotta go now. that made me hungry. rock on pat man.!!. 
when jiyong said 'helloo, how are you?' and tae only spoke un english because he was afraid to say something wrong but in the end he said 'i love you very much'. after seungri saying 'friends, ladies, helloooo wow wow i love mexico" aaa i'm crying ññ … 
many smarter people than me have offered thoughts on #holocaustmemorialday, and i’m at a loss for words. instead i’ll offer a paper that changed the way i though about history, and the history of the holocaust. … 
question about 18th february. would there be a meet and greet? just curious @ markiplier @ crankgameplays @ apocalypto_12 @ lordminion777 @ muyskerm (plus i got the tickets for my 
and also, if you want to mic up a referee, imagine the consequences of when mike dean would get one. just think. let it sink in. big screen vs mike dean over the public address. think about it. 
is this the guy that calls women "ho's and bitches"? 
there's no line and there's no door. we're understaffed as it is. furthermore, rural areas are most opposed to refugees and increased legal immigration. 
i'm never gonna just sit at work at talk i just wanna read this children's magazine with us when we travel and it totally normal thing. 
and so it begins... #birthdayweek #131 #jan31 @margarita's cafe 
and yet perhaps not such a drastic step for those prepared for it; ; 
oh yeah and another thing netflix needs to bring back buffy the vampire slayer#bringbackbuffy 
@ emilybett performance was amazing and a series highlight. so deserved! 
diamonds and pearls 
for my brother's wedding i did classic chocolate butter cake with a white crème de cacao buttercream, which was lovely. now i'm working on another chocolate wedding cake, this one with mousse filling and ganache instead of frosting. i'm thinking genoise + frangelico. 
"we are illegal immigrants and we seemed to have run our country into the ground. may we please have yours?"..... 
congrats to a great kid!! he sits patiently, stays humble and trusted his process.. continue… 
i’m so so sorry nick , thank you for spreading words of wisdom, please join us june 8 or 9 in wisconsin, fighting against wrongful convictions and corruption in our justice system, we need change, we need a movement, we need a leader !!!! … 
dyon does this thing where he makes plans with people and then makes he be social knowing i hate it 
#morocco has expressed support for the reform agenda proposed by #rwanda ’s president @ paulkagame to revamp the @ _africanunion and boost its financial independence. … 
we all become full-blown climate hawks and destroy everything he loves 
stop talking if you don't know anything armys worked hard for us radio play requesting everyday straming on every music platform but then these kpopies called us begarmy and in need of western validation but here they are riding on bts's success 
every day people should say sarah rose is brilliant and amazing. i would also expect them to say sarah rose is beautiful! 
thanks @ camguthrie for your support of the @ iccguelph and #italianculture & #italianheritage in … 
you know that feeling when you try to share something important to you with your parents or even your friends and they brush it off like it’s nothing? yah that sucks 
sorry that happened. anyone should be allowed to be in lgbt+ spaces (unless they're homophobic and such) 
school family sang o canada and are cheering on @ whlpats @ rcsd_no81 @ – bei brandt centre 
end all sm vs yg wars and give us a beautiful mv starring yeri … 
none of the ship are harmful for me but it's just me there is a lot of ship i don't like but i ignore them and let ppl enjoy their favorite ship i'm waiting for rovio to officially announce anything it's better when it come from the owner of the birds 
i haven't seen a positive review of this yet and after the video i seen its a no for me dog … 
sza she brought her mother and grandmother i love her so much 
i just left a @ speedway where everyone inside looks like they voted for trump and then shared their alien abduction stories afterwards. 
always find that when it’s a good makeup day 1 of ma eyes decides to ruin it and greet for no reason 
no, we've just had round 4 of the fa cup. teams that reach round 6 (and their gw31 opponents) will have blanks in gameweek 31. 
7 year-old layne is off on the trip of a lifetime. the make-a-wish foundation granted her wish to go to disney world to be able to meet mickey and minnie mouse. what the family didn't know, was there was another surprise waiting for them at the airport. … 
hadn’t considered the draft tweets! caught the rumor tweet on the subway and it was confirmed before i got off at my stop....real time reporting! 
holy shit... more joji and now offset … 
ceos of leading ceo's & business women to discuss women in blue. rule, has been terrible. old picture with nancy and ronald reagan. 
we will live to find love that loves back and gives life. we are not forsaken, so do not despair. 
deleted my facebook and the messenger 
lmao "this cd is selling out fast" and it's been out for 5 months. bts legends. … 
claude adams of global 16x9 said that if he was in the military, and someone tried to bury his child's sexual abuse, he'd go to the civilian police. that's insubordination. 
woe unto you, scribes and pharisees, #hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness. matthew 23:27 
anytime a man shares a self referential thought on how my uterus, ovaries, & vagina are contextualized in society and law it’s mainsplaing, ace. 
mpeg: a crisis, the causes and a solution ) 
mavs trade their pick and noels for deandre... … 
my dad said "do we really need that many coffee cups" and my mom goes "do you really need that many fishing lures" and i never laughed so hard 
white house *clearly* knows that they can fubar all these norms tonight and the bad publicity will all be washed away tuesday night when the press declares him to be "presidential" for getting through the sotu address without slagging andrew mccabe's wife … 
so sweet and so sad. #hospicenurse 
hi @ dogolympic thanks for the follow. enjoyed reading your page & look forward to more. i hope you have a happy and prosperous 2018. cheers-jacqui 
today is 2018-01-29 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i hope so. i did like the "i hate poetry" scene and then the reversal later. 
because it saved my life and it gives readers hope. it deserves my best effort. anything less would be insulting my work and my readers. 
@ jimcramer in the spirit of philly and the eagles in the sb. my top del. val stocks; toll bro, camp soup, du pont, aramark. agree? 
not really, i’ve had teams i thought we wouldn’t win and yet we pulled it off 
happy 12 mil @ shanedawson . you’re a gentleman and a scholar. 
the light of my darkness. my power on my weakness. my medicine on my sickness. the smile on my happiness. penjaga kewarasan (yg sebenernya sama ga warasnya kyk aku.) i couldn't ask for more. thank god he is here and mine. 
@ realdonaldtrump is putin’s bitch and therefore a traitor to the usa. 
yeah his actions were inexcusable and disgusting but since he was a large part of my childhood, i’m going to choose to mourn him vs celebrate his death. 
when malice results from good intentions! a secret society, newly-weds & a few apprentice artists lead to a fab read 
quick thoughts on the proposed mirotic-to-pelicans trade from me and @ … 
tbh i've forgotten exactly who i saw but i think darkness429 and doom42/49/whatever off the top of my head. i think there's like 10/20 large streamers but i type that under correction. 
about to play in my first coed pinball tournament. aka, me 1 other woman and all these dudes... 
for whoever saw my last tweet that was @ josh_jacobsen17 and not me who tweeted it 
life is so good. ben came over n we just cuddled and watched high school musical 3 (and mean girls) and are salami 
now: breezy 42f. today: windy until morning and partly cloudy starting in the evening. high: 61f. no current alerts 
bad theology is a belief that causes someone to sever a part of themselves or be severed by others. good theology supports the whole person and the whole community leaving no one behind for the gain of another. #bornperfect #goodtheology #gospelnotchurch 
voice, vibes, and that amazing shirt … 
take a listen and wish a happy birthday to @selfishszn! keep prospering and keep living your best life family … 
she is so tired and cute! 
people can have a different view than you and still be right ..... 
i have a girl scout meeting in a half hour and i hate it i haven't liked girl scouts since i was in 7th grade but my mom told me that i can't just up and stop doing something i "love" just like that. well i have hella anxiety and don't like people. 
can we both be a snapmatic couple? i love taking couple photos in a virtual game showing how sad and lonley i am 
my grandma calls me &she never/rarely ever calls me, when i answer she goes “oh i meant to call your dad not you” and i told her “ok bye, love you” she hellllaaa ignores me and hangs up. lol. i’m lowkey hurt 
"he went to university decades ago". you utilized this as an argument to mean that he thus "missed" the time when the paradigm shift happened and thus can be excused his language use, which under the fact that he keeps reading as a professor is incorrect. cede. 
evils of terrorism and ext…. scranton, pennsylvania at 5:30pm. spouses, were invited by the media, in order to put #americafirst! 
i don’t know that pirate cat has a gender and that it is pirate. i’m trying to be polite over here. 
asking for the opportunity to show and demonstrate with them how it would look and sound. it also has to be something that i have done with success. novel ideas that i haven’t done can’t be “sold” as easily. 
most likely not we are horrible on back to back games and overall have struggled lately. 
dessart night is going strong and if you need a break pick up a book at the book fair!!! @ aps_ela_elem @ tuckprinc @ apsarts @ apsvirginia @ apsvaschoolbd @ apslibrarians @ 
ok . . . so you call yourself a genius and you know the speed of light. ever wondered what is the speed of darkness is? 
i'd probably have more followers if i stuck to the drawings and stopped being openly hostile to wingcucks, since that's like 95% of the population. but then again fuck wingcucks. 
they should reuse this image and produce as many goods as they can gee. i will buy them all. 
technically they're not new races... they are bloodelves for alliance and nightelves for horde.. shinyer dranai, and more towrenly taurens. that's pretty much it. yes they are walled behind a rep-grind-wall... which makes it frustrating for the most active casual players. 
a new pair of earrings came in from geek and they were broken!! 
holy fkn shit nasa, the teal kanken and the daft punk tshirt! #represent … 
@ thejuanwilliams juan, it's congress' job to appropriate funds not the president. and stating the fact that illegal immigrant criminals are committing violent crimes against americans isn't putting latino people down. facts are more important than feelings when leading a nation. 
it is probably not a good idea to buy your “dream car”, “dream house” or “dream [insert really expensive thing]” until you have your dream job - or a least a job you really enjoy. you never want to be in a situation where you feel stuck and tied to material things. 
any thought to moving way more races to that distance? think it would do wonders for racing and wagering. 
i would walk on legos, stub my toe, and hit my ankle with a scooter 37 times for him 
he spots one after half an hour and looked over to his right to spot one. "that one." 
54 school nurses from 50 states made visits to their congresswoman and congressmen to advocate for legislation that will improve the health of our nations children. @ 
i know it's a lot to ask but is anyone up and able to run me home from stewarton? 
this girl who i sit next to was wearing makeup, which she looks pretty in. so as class went on, i began to think of compliments i'd give my future gf. it would be along the lines "sup cupcake" and "no. you actually look like a cupcake." #backhand 
fuck you and all of your red vehicles you’ve ever owned 
5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
this can mean two things i suppose. the book was always non-fiction and described real events with different names. the other option is taibbi and ames lied about it being non-fiction in order to manufacture and edge of sexual behavior that was acceptable 18 years ago. 
now you done got locked up by the same uncle tom ass cop from boyz in the hood thats hates us. face pressed down on the hood of the car & little zachariah done got brave and called you a “nigger” while you getting cuffed and the black cop gave em a smile..damn 
and changing their mind about that later is a good way to screw up a project. 
if you go to the movies way too often, get a movie pass for one year!!! it’s only $90 if you have a costco membership, $120 if not, and you can watch one movie everyday!! 
but didn't connor call out floyd and say that he could beat floyd at his own game? why should floyd have to go fight in ufc? 
i liked a @ youtube video bitcoin is crashing, and it’s over! 
anyone caught doing this should be locked up for at the least attempted gbh. surely gritters have got cameras onboard, if not i think they should be put in. busses have cameras front, back, sides and inside so i can’t see why they can’t! … 
that's ironic since i just had chicken nuggets.....and they were delicious! 
i cut my hair today and it feels so light i love it 
i always forget about that big interlude towards the end of sweet potato and it's always a pleasant surprise 
american players what are you waiting for? email your cv/resume and youtube highlight video. 
damnit, i put out tumbleweeds to roll across the channels and everything! ruined my decorations you lot, ruined ;) 
my friends and i watched this and each assigned ourselves a mermaid and it was rattling how much they were us. 
i now must insist that your character now speak in rhymes and song. if you end up joining the long term campaign i shall reward thee for it, a goblin bard 
the two are incomparable and you lost before you even started. 
@ potus @ realdonaldtrump time to clean out hold overs, fbi and drain the washington swamp. people should be held accountable throughout government to include last administration obama/clinton/kerry/holder & lynch...et al. … 
if mark likes michio and i like kaoru, we can battle out our kiyoteru interpretations but in separate characters this time. ...all right, kaoru isn't that much like my kiyoteru, but it's what it represents. 
take action: don’t let trump and congress sell out our national monument lands! via @ earthjustice 
i'm curious, if yahoo is going to have two separate players, what's been the challenge? there's been chris young hitter and pitcher before. if he was dual eligible i'd see a problem but unsure with two separate players what the issue is? looking forward to the release either way. 
{trips on her dress and yet laughs it off.} hello mother, it’s good to be home. 
i saw an interview with michael che (one of the head writers) and he said he likes racially-charged humor. 
got your ace score? what’s your ace score? (and, at the end, what’s your resilience score?) there are 10 types... 
no....not at all....even in the slightest....out of respect for someone she is very close to...and i’m also very happy with where i am right now so please stop being a dumbass boatler … 
this might have made sense if "spanking" had been operationally defined, instead of using the concept without content. issues of spanking vs hitting vs slugging, and others, makes it difficult to get any traction on resolving the question adequately as is proposed. 
clarification: i'm impressed and proud 
i've really been getting back into the groove of giving absolutely zero fucks about what everyone else thinks, and let me tell you, i am so much happier. 
you should have your tongue removed for opposing intelligence, morality, wisdom, and the will of the people... 
i'm ready to make this fried chicken, candied yams, collard greens, macaroni, corn bread and banana pudding 
i don’t think hollywood has a kinder and more thoughtful actor! you are so special to these kentucky girls!! loved the showman!!! have seen it multiple times! 
1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. thank you . 
and it's complicated to put down all the little details but to cut it short, in summary i am spanish and indigenous from my dad side and for my mom's side, a spanish-french mix with indigenous as well. 
bruce heard the noise and commotion from his perch. he hit the com he had installed on their coals. “rose?! what the hell is going on in there?” the chaos from the scattering people blocked his direct view. … 
then found blender base in living room box, and other half in pantry box. i never found lid for crockpot. it's a principal thing here... 
5 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
watching the movie now! husband read the book... we own the movie and it is frequently on! … 
and the unanimous point was simply mentioning that obv some voters might feel he isn’t either. that’s all i meant. 
well it comes back sometimes ^^; but at least i'm aware of it and catcg it from going overboard 
we killed it at the #ibjjf #atlantaopen today! so proud of how everyone prepared for and competed. these matches were won in the weeks of dedication & hard work leading up to this weekend. thanks to the entire team for helping to prepare the competitors. #bjjcompetition 
and nor will i! … 
apparently, lady gaga, has fibromyalgia? i know this, and it is bad. the wife suffers excruciating pain. maybe lg should get her claim in quick for dla, as when pip gets to her, she’ll be stuffed? i hope esther mcvey isn’t watching her? 
@ janetfanz great album! enjoy the futurist funk created by @ flytetymejam and terry lewis! #janetjacksonappreciationday 
#pistons starters: ish smith, reggie bullock, stanley johnson, blake griffin and andre drummond. #heat starters: dragic, richardson, winslow, adebayo and olynyk. 
like fk why are people still so pressed about timo ?? he’s talented and hardworking //let him live for once// 
i thought that the only place that it would not happen would be in the usa and to see this here... truly makes me very sad! 
my ass needs to go to the beach and do something exciting/new before my internship starts 
very important relationship. china's investment in pakistan along the #cpec would be hugely beneficial to the uk and trade between the three countries. … 
τӈr∉∂d ＊my favourite jimin's photo, video and gif 
what is wrong with this sick bunch! their sure not acting in canadians best interests. i cannot recall a more destructive out of sync gov't in my life. he has got to go no doubt about that, and sooner the better. get off your hands backbenchers do something!!!! 
i’m not an eagles or patriots fan, but naturally i have to side with one or the other, so.... imma choose to witness greatness and hope to see something that has never been done, i wanna see #tb12 walk out with a 6th ring! so let’s go pats! 
what a good bruvver. i had a teacher who taught us when looking up a word in the dictionary, to look at the 10 words above and then look at the 10 words below. i still do this. 
@ officialrezz played bloccd last night and idk how i'm still alive after that 
everyone go and watch brennen’s new vid!!!! @ … 
you have one job and you mess it up in the super bowl ok 
join robinhood and we'll both get a stock like apple, ford, or sprint for free. make sure you use my link. 
i'll be happy for like a day and then it ends 
that was a heck of a throw and a better catch 
i think lily and rufus. jenny’s been such a disappointment. i want her to go back to fashion. 
we just rewarded angela for being a loyal customer. #jointheclub and #getrewarded too. 
#jadinerevolution4daystogo direk nadine and happy bumbum 
every time i watch these guys lay out and catch a pass, then skip on the ground like a ball, i am happy my job doesn't involve getting repeatedly slammed into the turf. just sayin'!! 
@ pink you killed it! and, you’re one of the few artists who sing “banner” correctly (two notes, not three). thanks for the beautiful rendition. 
am going to attempt a photoshop job and get rid of lady in middle xxxxx 
'mirtha dermisache and the limits of language' via @ … 
and there i pluralize name... in my defense, i don’t have my reading glasses so the shape looked right!! 
nestor: shanking extra points in the super bowl against tom brady and bill belichick rarely has a positive outcome... 
28 dressing rules that everyone should learn once and for all vía @ youtube 
she did get a po named. and rode a lot of other people's bills. 
that @ mmschocolate commercial w @ dannydevito was hilarious!!! and @ massmutual was touching!! #sblii commercials. #gopats 
got beef with both god and the only thing i can use now is watch movies and talk over em 
what a toss and what a catch! 
howard dean: trump "aiding and abetting" enemies of the united states - msnbc … 
just sit back and watch me achieve my dreams. #cantholdmeback 
so is there really still people that enjoy walking around and looking at exotic animals depressed and locked in cages orrrrrr can we cut that shit out? 
and your paycheck is going up the most.. 
this one is from @ torontoarchives where you'll also find maps for weston and lambton though not as early. how about this one from huge collection at @ torontolibrary ? … 
that's not the point. the cheek was uncalled for and as a loyal customer i didn't expect that. not cool! 
that's my issue at the moment. every time i think of take away, nothing takes my fancy. don't like pizza, don't like chips, don't eat red meat and can't bear cooked tomatoes or carrots.. rules out a surprising amount... 
yo this bacon mac and cheese need to be a pizza 
it's amazing how people are close to being 30 and still behave like children got to grow up one day 
be wise, that's all, it's a lot more love, healing and growth to be had in wisdom. 
a 1st and a prospect seems steep. which is why i'd balk. 
@ marcorubio from president clinton: on the 25th anniversary of the family and medical leave act, a reminder the job’s not done: … 
all i can guess, is the falling object at the end of cloverfield is the alternative dimension’s cloverfield station. however, that would mean that dimension's station either went back in time, or was launched way prior to any problems existing and prior to the paradox dimension. 
what proof is that? that's proof of nothing you claimed especially "four separate judges" which is what caught my attention because it's a lie and when cornered you show an accusation from an anonymous source... did your mom have children that lived? 
if he truly idolized prince, he would've never pulled this type of shit knowing very well that prince fought very hard for artistic freedom, and he violated that in every way. 
my mom always calls me and asks why i like to party, mom i got it from you 
bitches and moans because the redemption center is closed and he has to eat, walked 10 blocks, blah blah blah. proceeds to leave cans in the garbage.... #seriouslyguy 
are you open for business or pleasure. love a jockstrap on my ass, the straps and airy feeling on my cheeky buns xx 
black raven la mort rouge 2018 release at black raven brewery and taproom … @ blackravenbrew #drinkwabeer 
"time has looked at your faces. and time... time never forgets." #twelfthdoctor @ doctorwho_bbca 
weight/weighing// since going on my walks and cutting out buying fast food i’ve lost 8 pounds part of that was probably from getting the flu but who cares i’m counting it 
soon soon! i’m arranging a few last things about the merch and shippings! … 
@ aliefisd spelling bee is about to start! good luck to all! thanks @ holmquistes for hosting! good luck to tuan! and trina (martin grad)! 
one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
lay it on a bench with the twirly bit hanging over and drop ya neck on it. works a treat. 
future club leaders - enrol now - hospitality, hr and leadership & management streams - … 
anybody wanna go on a date for valentine's day? accepting kind and humorous people. 
sell #sportsclothing and #fitnessclothing? get your website listed in our niche #directory > 
#mention expecting maternity @expectmaternity maternity and nursing wear #tbbq #socialmedia 
i finished it off with "sounds about white, doesn't it?" and honestly if i don't get an a for that line alone 
hi @ robdesphoto thanks for the follow. we really appreciate your support. it is such a privilege for us. i hope you have a happy and prosperous 2018. cheers-jacqui 
spring is in the air and we at the shared adventures artist studio are painting pots and planting succulents for... 
women literally gave up their lives so we today and future generations have the right to vote, it shocks me at how many people don’t … 
god truly helps us all to find ourselves in this world, when someones leave its expected to feel the void but i want to feel that we will all be there together one day and thats the thing that keeps me going because if not 
when i’m in the parking lot and i see another girl walking alone i wait to leave until she gets in her car just in case 
serve up great #pizza for a good cause wed., 2-7-18, @ paisanslisle to help @ mdanews. at paisans pizza day for mda, order any of their delicious pizzas or slices, and paisans will donate a portion of the proceeds to muscular dystrophy association to suppo… 
oh for ffs - i am so sick of this pos and his ego - … 
i will succeed speaking into existence : got my mind set & focus on this one main goal that i will accomplish this year and achieve 
gostei de um vídeo @ youtube … "over the hills and far away" with lyrics, tarja turunen 
you had a eli super bowl run type of night (helmet catch year).. and i was still able to break even so i’m not the slightest bit bothered lol 
attended lone star luau and loved it - excellent line, plenty of parrot heads, and camping across the street - 
u log out and abandon us bobby 
so who’s gonna adopt and love a pitbull with me? 
even taking 2 powerful power slams from braun strowman elias will be the last man to enter in the elimination chamber match, he win the match, and this is the only thing that matter. #raw #wwechamber 
#impeach trump #potus45 #trump #parades is potus45 attention deficit? hardly seems like he can multi task with all the pressing issues he is worried about a military parade parades, walls and worrying if people applaud him god help us all 
hey uh friendly reminder, if youre 17 and youre dating a thirteen year old youre fucking disgusting! 
@ bangaloremirror: bengaluru: professor loses his cool and smashes student's cell after multiple warnings. … i'm with the teacher. if the brat thinks he's the boss having paid hefty fees, the teacher has shown him his deserved place. he should've been smashed 
we've had a financial crash, and with level of national debt will struggle to overcome the next one! people are fed-up with austerity but economic reality is we need it, false spending promises by opposition parties are misleading the electorate and are a bi-product of democracy 
think you'll find both labour and tory governments are to blame for mismanagement the oil reserves and the amount of tax breaks that only exist in uk every other country gets paid by bp and shell 
shop our natural hair collection tees and accessories 
knowing when to scale (and how to prove that you can do it) … focused on b2b/saas, but applicable to b2c too. by my friend @ chrija 
this year's stacked mojo burning lineup includes the likes of wolfmother, the tea party's jeff martin, and much more! 
no bias, only truth: people sleepin’ on @ camrenbicondova... haven’t seen a fraction of what she’s capable of as an actor (and creator). but just wait. oscars in that future, without a doubt. #staytuned 
this is a problem and it’s not insignificant. … 
people: find your craft then go create it. figure out what you wanna do and how can you make money from it. me: well, right now all i want to do is live, laugh, breath, and explore. so you tell me how i do that and make a living? 
finally congrats phil you deserve this and much more 
and what can we do as educators to navigate those barriers? yes #edchat #bsdfutureready 
another lies bedridden with "bizarre body behavior" in her legs and arms. 
it felt so nice to be about video games and anime 
nothing will wake you up more than going to rub your nose when you’re half asleep and half ripping your nose stud out 
cool. and it's from the future. 
definitely feels like a return to more normal markets where there are actually corrections which last more than a few days (i must be showing my age!!)...time to keep your powder dry...and be ready for when this turns … 
brightest adolescent intelligence (bym) is a 17-gathering out of date non-profits organization, whose commission is to actualize a advantageous community brownie alongside identifying, conjunctive and mobilising 100 big-shock chief and oomph-getters betwixt the... 
really hope i feel good tomorrow. in desperate need of money and leaving work early is not ideal. 
oh that crap. lol, ya, a pretty desperate attempt to stay culturally relevant. you don't need to specifically identify with those characteristics to actually relate to a character. good writing will do that on its own. we identify with values and personality, and character. 
spent a large chunk of yesterday and today planning out and starting to build out a build process that assumed teamcity, like travis (and presumably others) had conditional build steps. nope. :sigh: 
#fortnite has a new crossbow?! come check out my mad skills... and/or lack there of! #twitchtv @ twitchtv @ twitchretweetsu @ twitchsharing @ twitchtvonline @ supstreamers @ 
there are slow learners and then there are idiots. … 
our kysa technical director is very proud to have worked with a motivated and capable group of… 
long gone are the days when we had the likes of tony benn. a passionate speaker who knew how deal a fatal blow without ranting and raving. awful. #bbcqt 
i’m not a supporter of any type of group, but would ut tell blm to stay out? i’m sure that when i served in the military it was protect the rights of everyone, and that includes free speech. 
we have to research a photographer and on the list was a scottish photographer who does landscapes and i just.... ahhhhhh! 
i support conservative campaigner. you can download the official app to help out: … and give me credit: npmxj 
i see the guys tryna' holla girl i don't wanna bother you 'cause you're independent and you got my attention 
i pledged to the right thing to my country and my future . 
huge difference between the revenue side (taxes) and the expense side. spending is the hardcore reality.....and we are spending far too much. and taxes are still too high. 
i hear you. i think it's a significantly different when you're diagnosed with chronic illness as opposed to being born disabled - that's not to say there aren't still mental struggles in both cases but regardless how you feel is valid and often it's one day at a time 
dallas, washington and ny had jokes of a year lmao 
it’s mad how time works and how nothing comes before it’s meant to ... god is good man 
don’t be spiteful towards others. walk in kindness and love even when it’s hard. 
can we fall, one more time? stop the tape and rewind oh and if you walk away i know i’ll fade ‘cause there is nobody else - gotta be you, 1d 
fujifilm x-h1 full press release and specs leaked. price $1,899. fujfilm x-t20 and gfx firmware coming too! … 
unbelievable news!! #ripliam an amazing person and it was a pleasure to work with!!! #liammiller @ brisbaneroar my thoughts are with your family and friends at this time!! 
often seen; “you don’t understand calvinism!” no, you are making understanding and agreement synonymous. i understand gravity which has often kept me from hurtful falls. 
george and i at chinese drive thru i wanted her to say “an den” so bad!!! 
right????? it’s just so much work and everything is so itchy 
@ zak_bagans i know it would mean the world to my friend if you could check out his youtube page and give him some support he is a huge fan. its called timeless evil and the videos are amazing. everything wierd and straight up strange im sure you would enjoy it thank you very … 
hello 2 everyone in twitter land..... i'm just feeling blessed and thought that i would say hello because life isn't easy but it is what you make it 2 be so whatever your going through just pray on it and god will see you through it 
i’m a male and i’m offended 
i love (1) happy and fangirling man 
“i’m having this conversation with you now. i’m talking, but i’m thinking, feeling, smelling, and moving. yet i’m concentrating on what you’re saying. so that means there’s more things going on in the body than just the present thing that the person’s got you doing.” #ornette 
life is to be fortified by many friendships. to love and to be loved is the greatesr happiness od existence #goodmorning 
dude...hello? i've played that for two years already! and it still scares the crap out of me. but i love it...but i hate it...but i love it..but argh! halp. 
come see a wonderfully, talented and unique designer showcase her line... creo by keca… 
today is 2018-02-10 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
just smoke me down and tell me i’m cute 
learn more about some of our planned sessions and take advantage of the early bird registration rate. #hxgnsmartcontent 
i'm totally a yoshi player because yoshi story stole my heart and never gave it back, but waluigi or boo are close seconds! 
i started wrapping my flag around my leg and niggas ran off with it lol 
i am about to set the dogs on my lead, and am currently piling up rocks into a small mound. this might break me tho. … 
yall i saw a rumor that there are accounts that tweet the hashtags so you can rt them and then close to the end of voting they'll deleted the profile so votes can be erased. be careful who you rt from. #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt 
everyone hates on iw and says it was shit and that but really people hate on it so much because they’re not good at the game 
*climbs tree and sits down* u!! *jumps on person below* 
hello cindy! so sorry for the trouble. sure thing, please follow and direct message your confirmation number. *hvi 
survive 12 rounds of trivia and win real cash! use my referral code 09314359 to get an extra life@buzz... #buzzvideo 
as my teacher once said: adopt the sunnah and let taqwa do the rest. 
she ignored the men and there drunken flirting until he came over to shoo them away "i didn't need your help i deal with drunken idiots all day" she looked up at him ready to tell him off before suddenly stopping "do...do i know you?" 
in the us kids want to be tom brady and win the sb. in brazil they want to be the next pele and win the world cup. that is true in almost every other country. no ussf president will ever change this. 
fyi today's "1.3.4" update: nothing major, just under the hood work and bug fixes, paving road for our next big content update 1.4 stay tuned for more posts and news :-) #indiedev 
i've got lebron and the cavs, who's your pick? … 
and @ mrbobbybones you were right. 
if you can’t bring back jen then just seeing our killian (the real killian) with his child that he has with emma we deserve to at least know the gender and name of their child #captainswanbaby @ onceabc 
it’s so funny how people are petty and won’t talk to you for days but when they really need something from you they won’t stop bugging 
tea or coffee? — water (and hot chocolate for comfy anime viewing, like mother fucking yuru camp). sometimes i'll... … 
tell me why i just bought an xbox one and a year membership just so i could play fortnite 
i'm knitting this for a pattern they gave me and it's this yarn … 
bought a zuccini today from there, flipped it over, and it had mold on it 
i'm out here getting lectures on selling ethically but this motherfucker turns around and makes $100 on commission in a day wtf 
hi i dreamed that i was a parselmouth, hanging out at a chillaxxed hug orgy with friends, and my localish pal stush had a pair of snakes who wanted to hug and explore a lot. we could also use a dail in the car to chamge the cloud cover and make the stars brighter. 
please never stop smiling stay with this smile forever and ever. because after all these years you still with that smile, with that joy and with that happiness and love. love you so much my angel @ camila_cabello 
hi i love you and your account so much !!! — aw ily but i’m so annoying sksks how … 
quite is for nonces tbf. wouldn’t dare eat it. had it before and it’s grim 
i’m team stefan and caroline 
exclusive airdrops (they are not common and have been proven to be legit) … 
everyone and they momma wanna be on some fuck shit today eh? 
gonna keep throwing shit out into the universe. i trust it’ll come to one of these days and if not, i understand. 
i got moms texting me and bitches blowing up my mom, can y’all just chill 
chem and biochem exams first thing in the morning 
lol! please...block me. i can't take any more of you moronic denial of the obvious. if obama came over to your house and shit in your mouth you'd call it a chocolate sunday. that's how dedicated to denial of facts & truth you are. there is no trump/russia collusion deal with it 
obama supporters would never stop screaming if as many lies and hate were directed towards him on a daily basis. 
always take and take 
really i should be doing my homework but i can’t stop thinking about this gif and how easily i relate to it 
and 3 eccies placed in his tea by a ginger and a midget. 
lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation.- @ tonyrobbins #quote 
sure, and labour doesn't even want to raise income taxes. i don't trust them to be social democratic in any way. 
beautiful start! love the statue and the colors of the rocks. 
if you want to know what it was like in the '90's, you can visit one of our many buca di beppos and olive gardens. 
i broke one of my own rules. and now i want to ditch the class i teach to play breath of the wild. i am haunted by paragliders. 
i’d like to thank my sponsor , netscape navigator, for being everything lycos isn’t. namely generous, kind and open to creative thinking. 
i'm trying to keep it together but it's so hard when you just lost everything in such a short amount of time. these past 8 months have been complete hell and i'm hanging by a thread. 
paradoxically, #ai and other #tech can help companies achieve more human connections with #customers. 
im gonna make a fool outta myself during atttid and thats the tea 
you took my heart away and you left this deep invisible scar 
roy put his bow, which he was working on, down for a moment. sitting next to her, back against the header of thr bed, he stared at the wall, thoughtful. "good question." he said, and eyed her. she looked so dazzling with her permanent smile. "i'm not sure... how about you?" 
#relationshipadvice: what all men want and how to get it: … #relationships #datingtips 
a tesla and a urban/modern decorated house is all i want in life 
i still say anxiety is a struggle... i have to stay in the moment and pull myself out of stressful thought patterns, but my life is back in my hands. i have the control over bad days and good days. it's a lot of responsibility to own your life... but it's opened up so much joy. 
@ redrock_bball i've been offered kat and two scrubs for my garris, air gordon and collins. a lot to pay and no must grabs on the ww. should i jump and hope value appears on the ww, or too late for that? 
how is @ foxnews both the highest rated and the least mainstream? dummies 
is it possible to access the interesting ppts of the speakers? thank you for the amazing event and see you next! 
i have an amazing idea and i want it to be on the @ stellarorg network. 
if you look up ginther and kahn's 2004 jep article on google scholar, and then search within the citing articles for canada, you'll pick up most of what's out there. 
they gave up their "perfect match" and found something better … 
and we know that in all things god works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose for them. - romans 8:28 
i bought this dress and it arrived today ! can’t wait to wear it to my ceremony rehearsal & rehearsal dinner ! 
i pledge that part of the proceeds of every shirt purchase will go towards a bunch of creepy daggers and shit. 
thanks for reaching out to us. to place an order in germany, just visit us at: or give us a call at 0611 - 949 105 26. we hope this helps and we look forward to hearing from you! best wishes! 
i’ve been stuck in a reading rut for ages and i finally finished the book i was struggling my way through and now i’m so excited to start on my pile of 15 books hahha 
need to apply for or renew your itin? h&r block has free itin applications and renewals with your tax preparation. make an appointment here: 
thank you, @ repsnyder85, for all of your hard work - these bills will make positive, lasting changes for our foster children and foster families … 
@ victoriawjhl i was out of the area for 2 years working, but have moved back to the area. i want to say welcome to the area and keep up the great work!!! between you and i, you a fair sight prettier than the other weather people at wjhl!!!! 
i’m here trying to be healthy and my coworker orders pizza 
my love and support for u myloves @ esguerratommy still the same. sana mabigyan ka nang big break at maraming projects dis 
well if you guys didn't know there's a big difference between x1 and x3 as you guys can't get you act together for x3 why no make it x5 then all the negativity will go away and you might even get a positive response from the ark community 
happy birthday @ grace_mchale !! miss you so much & french isn’t the same w/out you!! i’m barely surviving :(( love you and gotta hang soon sorry i can’t find any of our pics!! 
i have been on twitter for 6 months (since 13 aug 2017). and you? 
people really wore traditional clothing to go and watch black panther though, really thought it was gonna be just a twitter thing. 
y’all i fucked up and set #restrictions on my iphone. i was just randomly pushing buttons to see what happens. it asked me for a pin, put in the one i always used before apple added two digits but the pin doesnt 
i'm serious, i sincerely feel that this is very much a classed and racialised phenomenon. these middle class, mostly white (but not exclusively!) spaces are so fucking complacent when it comes to this grotesquery 
the aurora conference double-header that was scheduled to take place tonight between monroe catholic and delta has been cancelled due to travel issues. the make-up date is scheduled for february 27th. 
well, it’s been a corker - and julie is retiring for another year 
beacon 70 yonkers 54 armend rraci led yonkers w/ 27pts in defeat. congrats and good luck to @ coachtimpano @ kdjmedia1 @ lohudinsider 
thank you my love, and a happy valentines day to you as well. i couln;t have enjyed this ride without you. love, family, life,and music. xoxoxoxoxo 
lmao aye, if i recall, we ran out of gas in oakwood and 20 mfs hopped out a pt cruiser n helped me push your diesel i was asleep on a case of natty … 
yeah, keep doing nothing and keep watching america’s kids die every week. australia seemed to take care of this issue. you don’t see this anywhere else in the volume you do here. it comes down to mental health and guns need to be addressed, no easy answers. but change is needed. 
honestly, i kinda start accepting that juve is just made for italy. if one day we won the big ears great, if not i always enjoy winning anything tbh. last year's final was my last high hope they win cl and i believe it was their biggest chance after 98 final. 
got hella busy this year and only made like 10 :/ 
i fully support all kids who drop out of school to avoid bullies and violence. #dropout #strike #schoolsafety #studentwalkout 
in line at taco bell and this guy in front has been ordering food for ten fucking minutes 
compare these mass shootings to other developed countries and you have no idea what you're talking about. 
game: casting that fire spell on these enemies brings out their demonic side me: oh same binch! so i should do that, right? game: demonic dust bunny is now powered way the fuck up and takes out half one of your party member's health in one go me: so i should do that, rig 
there must have been 50 perfectly pleasant looking chaps buying last minute cards and flowers at my local publix just now. 
today is 2018-02-14 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
@ jpatrickauthor @ markwithamouf it's important to remember you can't kamehameha away mold and grime. … 
kinda weird to think that russians are funneling cash to the nra to promote domestic terrorism and nobody gives a damn or thinks this is any odder than normal. 
i liked a @ youtube video demi lovato and simon cowell - funniest moments on the x factor - season 2 (5/6) 
this is why i’m a advocate for stricter regulations on gun control. this is ridiculous that it is almost march and we have had almost 50 school shootings!!!! congress (republicans) wake up 
her butt is really dumb! like i hate it! and i hate tiny ass too! it’s just too big … 
because you clearly see on the attached chart two pairs of five up. each five is a or c. i will record and post an introductory video explaining the main idea of ewt modifications i use 
ok; but where do we as responsible citizens recognize the problem...and are willing to compromise? the dead are not enemies of the state. 
this is why we stand and put our hands over our hearts: +> (video) the star spangled banner as you've never heard it by david matherson @ itsknot2late4us, @ radiopatriot @ oasiscm @ jerome_corsi @ magagoldhat @ sebgorka @ hughnemets @ joedanmedia 
we design and develop experiences 
just few hours and will be special lovely day, insha'alah 
2- my heart is for all of you and know we are keeping you all in our thoughts and prayers. 
cash and being the designated driver has gotten me this far my friend 
i am not on he left not have i ever been so please stop with that bs. military grade assault weapons do not need to be sold to the public. plain and simple. 
my conversations with @ speakerryan and @ govholcomb about taxes, infrastructure spending, #crumbs and #parklandshooting @ 93wibc 
thank you to the @ wkudietitian team brandi and summer for walking our special olympics athletes through what a healthy shopping trip looks like! these guys will be fueled and ready for seattle come july! 
i think it’s fair you may not. if they law doesn’t help any. it should go away. if it affects rights it should go away. it also should have mandates on the mental or past diagnosis. i fear them going and instituting laws that make more paperwork but no benefits. 
today is 2018-02-15 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
… and … 
school shootings in the us keep happening again and again and again @ 
my a-hole brother told my dad today that at least he waited till he was 30 to have kids (referencing to me being 19 and pregnant) yet he hasn’t taken care of his daughters since they were born till today. he had his oldest for an hour alone and called my dad to help him 
i think it pathetic, we're in debt in the trillions. yet [fake do gooders] want to encourage illegal immigrants to break the law to stay here. why don't dreams go home and make their dreams come true in their own native countries? why must we support 
the rest of the county should follow suit. many people from other schools have strong connections with the students at douglas and are also distraught and in a bad state. thank you for postponing! … 
i am very happy you and the rest of the staff are truly excited about being @ seminoles the vibe can be felt all over america 
oh my gosh i’m back and mags followed me omg i’m so happy i love her aosmsfks 
charleston city council: save river road, johns island sc from more developement - sign the petition if you want. place is beautiful and shorelines sensitive. enough is enough. sandy was proof via @ change 
just stay out the way and maintain ... mfs make life soo hard.. don’t trip over shit you can’t control 
you could say rick and morty rip off a bunch of things, but other people used other people concept and ideas create their own version on it. 
it this trump probe a magic mirror where people just see what they want? i've got lefty tweets saying trump is finished and conservative tweets saying it's vindicated him on my timeline and i don't know what to believe. 
anyone living on the us west coast needs to monitor quake activity at … … for further details and updates. 
to begin with, opioids are legal. my wife had to turn them down from the hospital after the birth of our son in december. my solution? destigmatize addiction, and all mental health problems so people can get the help they need. the president says he wants to do that. 
why do we still have the fbi, they seem ineffective and politicized. we may need a re-evaluation of the efficiency of this agency. what use have they been in the last 20 years. where in the constitution does it even say we need to have an fbi? nowhere? okay then.... … 
sister: sometimes i like to roll my sunroof down and blast my rap music. me: why? sis: because then people are driving by and they hear his music and then the look i and see this really skinny white chick. me: 
they are good for security at tony montana's house guarding all the cocaine and money. 
and what about trump's profanity-laced comments about women, and countries in africa? 
happy chinese new year its the year of the dog! on top of wishing you lots of love, health and… 
because unlike those who would nurture & use mass hysteria opportunistically and for personal gain, they are responsibly persuing the truth through science. 
some people spend friday nights drinking and partying. i am spending my friday filling out legal forms for self-employment. (this is not meant to be elitist, i am actually very poor.) #adulting #futureentrepreneur 
pls like if i can dm u my roommates are gone and i have nothing to do 
nice try donnie.... we know better. you're guilty and your time is coming. if there was no collusion than you wouldn't have obstructed justice. you, jr., and jared should get ready....tic toc 
so theres a lot of people that ask for something to happen that they believe is right and just but it's not 
y'all cry about depression, anxiety, and other mental illnesses; don't correlate these shooters and them taking psychotropic drugs for mentioned mental illnesses. 
new year's day: there’s glitter on the floor after the party girls carrying their shoes down in the lobby candle wax and polaroids on the hardwood floor you and me forevermore 
(but actually i have no idea what i want to do next and it’s a lil exciting but it’s mostly scary and confusing and frustrating? am i doomed to customer service jobs forever? do i have any actual talent? and why am i tweeting about this lol?) 
// haha! think of the mv glory of having yukari, kasen, and okina kicking butt together! 
you tell me that you're sorry, didn't think i'd turn around, and say that it's too late to apologize it's too late 
who is this busher character? he’s slower than me and has a first touch like that guy we traded for kamara. 
lush wedding... just spotted this shot and chuckled! 
religion is the root of all evil... more people have are hated and have been killed in the name of religion then any other reason. 
thieves and robbers both have one thing in common, they both steal. however there is a difference in their takings,a thief can only take things of material from the outside, but a robber take those most precious valuables prize possessions such as peace of mind, joy faith, love 
and effective lol. 
you’re saying that the odds-on favorite to win and popular vote winner didn’t actually wind up being elected, and that proves russia didn’t impact the election? i don’t follow. 
great time to try and call democrats bluff on gun control. man are you stupid. … 
someone on ig just asked me if i was a cam girl and idk if to be flattered or insulted 
so let me take one shot, to the brain and i order three more shots, i’m going in 
you never heard that? i grew up 2 hours from dc and i have heard that a lot. 
between the excellence, humility, and humor of the teen olympians and the courage, determination, and leadership of the parkland shooting survivors i can finally once again hope for the future. 
in another country with dog,book,bluish sky and hot cofee no humans plz 
decrease insulin resistance and improve glucose tolerance #diabetes please 
compare the grin in this pic to every pic of him and melania. 
because so long as republicans control anything, no gun control shall pass. dems only had 2 years of trifecta, and they were kind of occupied with the recession. 
wizard characters with long hair are taako and taako only, i can never see anything else 
jesus, mary, and joseph... … 
i think that's a fair shout and my offer will still stand in morning. 
heavenly. we consider ourselves backpacking and camping enthusiasts too but with a canadian twist. #campingwithcanucks 
for easier viewing and remembering maybe … 
just want to drink some beers and listen to mexican music 
in economic terms? we struggled outside eu before we joined and would again if we left. i fear uk will suffer my line of work i see lots of in-depth analysis of brexit and it's not looking good for anyone. 
@ senatorlankford no jackass, it's the gun and the person who owns it, you corrupt pos. we are not interested in your nra talking points anymore. our kids r coming for you & your corrupt cohorts. time's up. no more effing military styled weaponry on the streets, you souless prick 
so you’re all ignoring me...it’s because i’m gay and british right. 
just finishing a wonderful history: "destination casablanca: exile, espionage, and the battle for north africa in world war ii" by meredith hindley. stuff that wasn't in the newspapers, and a look at who shaped our world then. 
and yet the oilers are still a tire fire . the expansion draft can be altered to make lv a contender but no way should they be given another 1st overall . i call bs 
“how to keep your javascript code simple and increase its readability” by @ … 
i’ve just read up on the show online. fascinating goals of showing how nazism didn’t rise out of nowhere and that there are similarities today in germany. 
lucckkyyy mabrook !!! and sa7tain this can be your cheat meal lol 
one of my sweetest friends around! i enjoy talking to you and seeing you on the tl. i hope things have been going well with your job. also i don't know how you survived the ronpa wait 
nothing i hate more than a disrespectful child spouting off. obviously, he has spent too much time in drama and not enough time in american history 101. maybe he needs to watch the old abc cartoon "i'm just a bill." his pants are too big and so is his rehearsed mouth. @ … 
i find how @ ammallon drapes her stance with the veil of “equity, access and inclusion” to be particularly offensive. people are dying on the streets of cambridge, just b/c they walk or ride a bike. 
i screamed and said “im fine” but im not fine. look at how precious he is and he looks so happy 
let's go and enjoy stonehenge - zawierucha dla ucha on 
and africa!! like! he said he killed africans just to get a shot for revenge.....but that’s all good. #kissesteeth 
yup, also love how portugal had one of the easiest road to the finals ever and still won in the finals without ronaldo. 
i’m an artist, and i’m sensitive about my shit - @ fatbellybella 
literally can’t stop talking about 5sos and it’s nearly 1 am … 
everybody keeps talking about girl scout cookies and i have not seen one single girl scout yet and im appalled and hurt 
she is damp and unhappy 
the top 4 content promotion mistakes - and how to avoid them … 
hi, melania! it is good for parents to teach their young about god and jesus! #randomactsofkindnessday is also a good thought to spread the word to our neighbors! 
and as always video games are blamed for school shootings because obviously they are the source of all things evil. anyone who does 5 minutes of research will know this has been debunked hundreds of times. stop blaming video games and start getting rid of the real cause: guns. 
russians too! i think that's why i relate to this movie so much. it's like the irritation and the attraction go hand in hand. 
thank you mr. president for putting our country first. you are to be respected and admired. i am grateful that you're our president. 
great day to #optoutside and watch the creeks and rivers flow. @ nature_explore @ hikealabama @ 
yes they need to deal with their thugs and poor stewarding too 
its so elegant and friendly it would just sit with you by a fire and read a good book. 
i put my mic down my throat and this is the noise it made 
does this mean your song is popular, or that you’re attractive and not in a relationship? i’d be happy with either/or … 
stats for the week have arrived. 2 new followers and 2 unfollowers via . 
#rxgreets @ ricaggg otw to work via mrt shaw and wait time is so bad buti may pokemon gym at stops dito @ rx9311 
i liked everything about it, except near the beginning where you seem to imply that the two side have equality of views. how can you imply that those who hate and despise #2 of the bill of rights have equal standing? @ nro #maga @ realdonaldtrump @ donaldjtrumpjr 
i wish word had an add-on for people in the medical fields so we didn't think half our words were always spelled wrong and waste time double checking the spelling over and over again. 
that real love bro and sis look happy … 
any chance at text scaling coming? i would love to play this but i’m legally blind and the font is so small i can’t read any of it 
>> this fandom use to be apart love and fun. i've this seen fandom turn to toxicity and i won't lie. i was apart of that problem but i've decided to change that. not bring drama at all on this fandom and account but this needs to addressed. if you think you have a right >> 
he smiles and hugs her tightly 
|| i always feel bad when i write a person that i worry about them, or they need to chill / relax before they do a reply. just want everyone to know that i think the person behind the screen, and how they feel is way more important than any rp etc. 
usually when @ becky_marie12 comes over we just watch netflix or play pool, tonight we walked five miles and i’m so proud of us 
ok... and? this doesn't negate anything i've said. 
i couldn’t stand komu getting hurt in "the little match girl," and remembering now her getting hurt (spoiler) in "wanitokagegisu (swimming in the dark)," but i just can’t wait and see what’s been planned. #wedcamp @ wed_camp @ kom_i 
you’re right and i hate that i still do this shit x’d 
it feels like parody, but i've been on twitter for too long, this is the type of stuff that hillary fans say to be sure, i checked the guy's profile, and it quickly becomes obvious: -he's a russiagate nut -he's a #resistance grifter -he's an 8 percenter who hates bernie 
just received mine and it's pretty great, it feels so special in the box! 
the authors are sami tamimi and yotem ottolenghi. yotem is israeli and sami is palestinian. they actually talk about this throughout the book. and the origins of a lot of the dishes. it’s a great cookbook. 
for play expo this year, i believe @ beaconofgiants and myself need to cosplay 80s cartoon link and zelda. i am prepared for all the sewing because it'll be so fun. 
i will be forever haunted by the juxtaposition of this culinary debacle and boobs 
#14 prospect. fair deal (#8 and #14) for a guy who can play and is very cost controlled (not even up for arb this year). but what does this do for guys like wade, andujar and torres. one less major league spot available. 
diff eq. find all solutions of the form e^(rt) for x''-4x'+4x=0 and determine 
all these tattoo artists i follow on instagram are posting floral flashes and i want them all on my body 
sorry to keep you away, mark! so we can gather some private information and see what's going on here, please give our team a call using the number on: . it should be in blue and towards the bottom of the page. talk soon! 
rather than attempt to whine about others, i'm going to try and focus on myself. i used to try and be a major force for positivity and that's something i want to be again. there's not a lot i can do on a large scale, but at least here i can help spread a bit of good 
dude just plug it in and leave it running throughout the night 
sadly,i am going to the evening show and this is for the morning one, so i dont even get to see it, so bummed … 
i’m so happy i could cry. i finally get to leave the job that’s made me miserable and have a consistent work schedule and income. i get to gain some real world experience & my own insurance/benefits plan. one step closer to my dream vacation and new vehicle. 
bitch ass cop wrote me a ticket for legally switching lanes on slauson and van ness. i’m hot cause i’m fasho fighting it and nobody got time for night court 
that stuff on the red scare might fire him up – how topical is that now? and give him this graph – see what blair actually did to the labour vote. … (that website is a treasure trove.) 
imagine kids being you know... kids and daring one another to take the fire arm like my god this is so insane 
enjoyed a lively and engaging discussion with fantastic questions from @ asu students. … 
and one more thing, little mix were robbed and they deserved better xx 
the coolers are good, they taste like 7-up and lemonade, the vodka itself is nasty 
i'm very interested in thing's like that and i know they're celebs etc but bloody hell the build up was quite embarrassing 
exactly, and by shortening that rifle barrel to an ileagal length, he committed a crime. 
*kenna says that her father tried to force her to marry a man called renaud. she said she was in tears during the practice ceremony and she> 
my review of ashley shew’s animal constructions and technological knowledge #afutureworththinkingabout 
until a certain date father will behave a ruthless maniac. in need of meds, not caring. and father will have his way with each and every one of you, gerrymandering cocksuckers. and then perhaps upon a dismissal of feelings large enough to permit father's adjustment, then god will 
please. he. has already talked with ryan and will push for conceal carry nationwide. shooters will now shoot the teachers first! disgusting. right off of fox propaganda network. 
no, no. i won’t be gracefully...i plan to age very clumsily. lots of slips, falls, running into walls and stuff. messy. 
the newest king and a former king … 
women that down talk women’s rights confuse and sadden me. 
gop will lo$e a generation of voter$ due to nra and kkk $ upport for kkkri$tian$hariaterrori$m nra'kkkan$ truly don't care if american$ are killed via gun$ fuckyougop fuckyounra fuckyoudonaldtrump fuckyouwaynelapierre fuckyoupaulryan fuckyoumitchmcconnell $ hame $ hame $ hame $ … 
enter this hp omen gaming laptop and benq monitor giveaway! 
i started dying my hair green, and right after i slapped on a big glob of hair dye, i realized that i had put away the blue dye in the green box, and my hair was once again mostly blue. fuck 
it takes me 6-9 minutes to load into a game, i cant move without my game freezing and my fps is always below 16, is there anything i can do other than quit the game in general? i think that's my only option at this point @ riotsupport 
new content coming to my channel very soon. go subscribe and give us a retweet too, thanks guys. … 
yes it has. it’s made city stronger and us weaker. how deluded are you! 
learned from #jerryqian #siptalks: "wake up and taste the blockchain": the cryptocurrency market is like a casino... savvy strategy: learn the system/numbers, then easier to take the 95% dips and the 5000% gains :) 
i guess because to most people it seems slightly better for you than gatorade/powerade because it's artificially sweetened? i actually like both gatorade and powerade a lot. ever since college, i've been drinking more of them than soda or most other soft drinks. 
thank god this dude came in my class and dropped off a bag of point park t shirts and hats 
chet and emma back to a finals at state swim.. emma in 50 free and the 100...and chet in the 200. 
proud of our student-athletes! thank you coaches for your time and teaching! #wintersportsawards. 
i swear every time i see a picture with cap vs a cosmic threat i always think wow he is underpowered for this fight compared to his pals. then i remember he is smart and a leader and can kick butt with the best of them. 
#doj examining scams #seniors #elderly #eldercare important for all to be aware and proactive. … 
disney is cute but ummmmm only if ur like really obsessed lmao i’ve been here for 5 hrs and it’s not all that 
yeah and i disagree with him doing that. i also disagree with him on abortion and universal health care. but calling him stupid, or an unmitigated trump supporter is patently false and dishonest. criticize him like anyone but do it from a position of honesty. 
hi! please allow us to get this checked and will connect with you to assist. thank you, anjali 
sometimes i have random moments when i act like the gr 6 version of myself and i get v scared 
watching the worst pbs kids show with the kids and was wondering 'what kind of animal is arthur?" before i finished my ? these were the suggestions... google is always listening. #creepy 
#update | all lanes are now open and traffic has returned to normal. 
democracy in action, with scotland as part of the u.k.! u.k. ge 2016 and 2017 - tories voted in! uk referendum 2016. - voted to leave eu - massive turnout! 
seems like that might hurt your neck i'd prefer three in a row, and have seen that more often that vertical stuff like this 
rt @ teslaband: "i got no glory, so i'm gonna give it to you like it is / if you wanna hear the real story / and not some candy-coated lie, come and get it" #fridayfeeling 
spring peepers call for mates earlier in balmy sw nova and @ tomiungerer once lived in the area. 
i seriously can't stand it when someone is freshly outta church and cussin the shit out of me an hour later like wtf 
my heart completely melted seeing every @ mlb player wearing @ stonemandouglas hats today. sports are not separate from the world, and it’s our athletes that have the greatest platform to change lives. 
oh yes i spend every minute of my life playing this game!! dude not even! the point i'm trying to make is don't call my content trash when i at least talk edit my videos and all of that good stuff you just slap a 30 second video up of you not talking 
i am doing ridiculously worse physically than mentally right now and its giving me so much anxiety 
please help this too! we need to work on this issue asap! a lot of people will search for exo today and tomorrow #exolympicsd1 #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #exol @ … 
3/ i couldn't identify the pile from there, and assumed it to be a dead bird of prey. i know nw oregon occasionally sees hawks, and i've seen one on the trees once or twice. i don't understand what's got the robins so interested that they're all staying on the ground like that. 
yeah, i agree, just giving a likely reason i've tried to sing the song before and gotten lost with lyrics lmao 
rarely on twitter these days lol. too busy with life, bts superstar, harvest farmer, writing fanfics and bts/exo obviously 
perhaps we need a way to stop preaching to the choir and get out there and do something.. 
just killed that shit called back and bi 
@ potus where is the special investigation for both f.b.i. and sheriff department in their failure to act which resulted in 17 deaths. mr. president what if these children were your grandkids? what then? not your kids right? 
tell streaming services: stop the nra from spreading its hateful rhetoric and dump nratv! #dumpnratv #boycottnra @ appletv, @ google, @ amazon, @ rokuplayer none 
cap off #fetishandfur weekend with @ chainedbychuck and the happy cat fundraiser ‘the real house cats of albany’ at @ rocks77 sunday 
smoke and mirrors. maybe the 2017 #sens were a cheaper version of the 2004 calgary flames, and the 2006 oilers, both in the finals, and have sucked since. holding on to mediocre aging players in the hopes of causing damage in the playoffs rarely works, and delays a proper rebuild 
i have an idea for trump how to provide max security in schools. start gun club in every school. every school will have at least one gun specialist. at any given time there is one duly armed learning and practicing and protecting the school. program fully paid by the nra. 
being ill makes me feel so down and shit sigh 
i love my messy cute af “platonic homies” and heres a random factoid sometimes engagements don’t work ou- ok bye … 
born in rocky mount, nc in 1907, buck leonard prevailed over racial #adversity and #prejudice to become one of the … 
yessir, without a doubt. i would also volunteer to drive a paddy wagon and help build the wall. #maga 
if you like cider, you should try lambic. comes in flavors, raspberry is common, and is a slightly sweet fermented beverage 
im rr e a l ly. im vvery confused and scared this is just the idea doc static //this// is wwhere the eye poems lay static wwhatsg gghghoinh on- 
well i was just about to credit you cus they’re very good . i’m scared to go look again cus it’s my sons instagram account and i’m worried he’ll find me creeping on there! 
"good farmers." ha ha ha ha... i can't stop laughing at such an oxymoron. veal? no doubt you'll block me too now. you're well known for hiding. and you know...breast cancer always comes back and bites breast milk consumers again and again. that's ironic karma i guess. 
maybe, but the loss of money & power will diminish its reach - and maybe even save lives 
syracuse looks good when they go to the hoop and dish, when they settle for threes they look like the jv team. 
it's better to know and be disappointed than to never know and always wonder. 
“10 damn years old and this has to be our babies thought process in america.” … 
ted lieu the schiff memo is chocked full of lies that contradict congressional testimony by james comey, andrew mccabe and others. your subpeona is next, what does ted lieu know about the awans and fusion gps and when did you know it. nunes wants your emails and text messages. 
edsa holiday is near and the trolls are on the loose 
matt and nivea are honestly the best couple ever. get you a man like matt y’all 
ffs why are we fighting over devolved powers ? scotland just get them all back, then decide where they need to be ceded. we should decide, not our neighbours.....for me, the most obvious and very bottom line. 
god i did one running attack on a white phantom and it did 586 damage and about 90% of their health. please put something into vigor 
two thumbs up! chris pratt and his son jack enjoy a boys' night out at motorsport event … 
i have! i want the same. i have said it here that many agencies failed to prevent this incident and fail daily to protect kids from their peers who need outside services. it is ridiculous what is ignored, permitted, etc. 
it’s not easy being extremely handsome and funny 
say #hello to dropbox! their ipo filing is officially in. this provides the much needed data and information prior to their ipo. 
the military, the police, all were infiltrated and then superseded by the wehrmacht, the waffen ss and other nazi apparatus 
and look. i'm not an anti-gmd absolutist. cost aside, i can see the utility in being able to stop a limited attack. but! 10% "leakage" in a full-scale exchange is entering "we'll just get our hair mussed" territory. e.g. even winning in that scenario is a loss … 
i love it too baby *and gonna spread your legs now and move between them* 
i did not want to be the #face of #breastcancer; my #story can help others so i #unmasked myself and write raw & honest 
i feel the need for speed ... and badass music! 
evenings like tonight are my all time favourites. pizza, drinks and lots of laughter. third wheeling has never been so much fun @ jacqualinmaria 
the fake typing sounds when you call @ comcast and get a recorded operator, as if the recording is typing. 
nano/raiblocks doesn’t charge a transaction fee i believe. which can cause abuse of the ledger by way of spam or denial of service. ripple|xrp purposely charge a small fee to avoid and mitigate these issues. … 
just an fyi, the @ nra does not sell guns. a gun does not cost less than a book in chicago. an ar15 is not an “assault rifle”. the 2nd amendment was not written so we could hunt or target shoot and if your argument is “muskets” you should be punched in the throat... you’re welcome 
not twitter, he's booted from youtube and had a 24 hour ban on facebook 
i struggle to see how the club looks at that game and interview, and thinks hmm he deserves another transfer window and season to show he can do it. 
not a fan of 3d but i settled and went for those since it was the only one available with good seats. i haven't watched a 3d movie in ever and thought maybe they got better, but nah. couldn't enjoy it. 
our boys are sooooo talented. from remixing to jazz and then rock kookie kookie #thosfansbts26f #iheartawards #bestboyband #bts @ bts_twt 
i just want 1 person i can be able to talk to about life... and actually have a good, deep conversation. 
when i read this week's pod title i naturally assumed it was a sam guest. hopefully that's the only disappointment in a 3+ year imaginary friendship between hosts and listeners. 
howdy @ lineman000001 and we are good! cool and just got back from a walk in the woods and holler with dixie. she is now a hot dog without the bun. 
let me ask you something beautiful when are you going to get on the voice and do your thing can you sing as bad as you look that good and look that sexy and can you sing 
sorry but when did the nra become a protected class? because last i checked they are a lobby organization and as a private company delta has the right to cut ties with them. have fun on the unemployment line when your elections come up! 
when we went, there was a small fair going with local products, a traditional english barbeque and a few war veterans telling their stories. check their website for events! if you like cycling, we rode our bikes to several manors. a bike shop is in 7oaks. 
one photo is missing. the full name of the law firm is dewey, likta, cheatem, and howe. 
so nobody gonna y’all about how they was hitting the bank head bounce in wakanda right before kilmonger and t’challa fought the first time? 
it's my first week back serving and i was not trying to lose my job already smh jesus was testing me 
when i stand before god at the end of my life, i would hope that i would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, “i used everything you gave me.”-erma bombeck #wolqt 
they finally fixed it! i do have to play a few chapters over again on trr and hss but other than that im good. 
@ marinadiamandis and @ lanadelrey queens love you girls so much i’m still waiting for a feat 
i do prefer phone calls/ facetime over voice notes, but again it’s depends on who i’m talking to and what they’re comfortable with. 
shao: i have known the kiplings and zeke for two hours and we're gonna take on the world 
michael, the party that you represent has been hijacked and has absolutley no redeeming qualities. they hate you because you were their "token negro" and are zero use for you any longer unless you act like you're drinking their kool-aid and they'll still never, ever respect you. 
the power of anc politics, and his own political debts, have forced ramaphosa to go with a compromise cabinet. but he's made some smart choices in the finance and public enterprises posts. … 
— there's this amazing girl that you want me to be with... but, i honestly can't-- so, can you do me a favor and /stop beating so fast when i look into those beautiful eyes/." it's hard to pretend - pretend to be friends with someone when all you see is the — 
on the @ subwayatlantic @ aus_sua out of town scoreboard... after one period of play in wolfville, @ xmenhockey and @ axemenhockey are tied 
i spent and entire night painstakingly backing up the contents of each page of that site into google drive and i just remember that i have it. i'm sure it's on wayback, or someone else has a better record but just generally thanks past me, for being a nerd. 
i didn't realize how much i missed aoba's voice and dmmd's soundtrack... i guess i should play it again soon on my new laptop. but my headphones kinda hurt my ears uu 
no no no it's the truth. you're a lot nicer than he is and definitely a lot funnier. 
today is 2018-02-27 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
when they go low... they aren’t satisfied and continue to go lower. 
to every 'know it all' perso saying parents and families 'don't get a say' in what is a normal part of grief....do your homework! you don't get to legislate of determine who is part of te conversation! 
my bf feels better and hes back to being annoying 
i've just got a new #fan! get access to my unseen and exclusive content at 
i do know the first stretch goals would be to work on a set of illustrated trading cards. first goal would be for just the pens, second stretch goal would be for the metro, 3rd goal would be for the eastern conference and 4th goal for the whole league(2-3 players per team). 
imagine a world, if we disagreed, and weren't able to arm and defend ourselves! @ nra #maga #oustcorruptocrats and their snotty kids too! 
never be surprised about people hating new thing and other people. 
attention astrology gays: what does it mean if my sun, moon, and rising signs are all cardinal signs? 
i came home from a long and stressful day at work and my woman has a beer cracked open waiting for me. i live a good life. 
hi, sinead. please could you dm us your booking ref, email and contact number? we'll then check your booking for you. many thanks. ^lisa 
barbra streisand does an in-depth interview with variety, and all i can remember is that she cloned her dead dog. twice. 
this.. how are you "giving life" around you? today has been rough but what if i switched the narrative and thought how can i love someone that needs it! … 
tomorrow our baby will be a month old and every day since i was admitted to the hospital my appreciation for my husband and family has grown exponentially. 
i could disappear and you wouldn’t care why 
to all you bit hung and whining and pissing and moaning about the marcus peters trade. i have a question. is this something you are truly angry about or just need something else to bitch about? seriously the writing couldn’t be more clear on the wall. #chiefs..... 
when tony woke up steve was passed out on the bed while still holding tony’s hand. he was dreaming about tony waking up and steve apologizing for walking out and getting so mad at him. 
yeah--lost tons of george perez art, garcia-lopez and gil kane (including a cool black panther cover). … 
personally, seems like you have a great job, @ ejmontini - and those rulers were lethal! … 
giggling and throwing jabs might as well join the rest of the hate trump liberal media 
7 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
bryce young and bru mccoy on the come @ buhbuhbru @ _bryce_young @ 
#klamille finished 3rd place in best tv couples of 2017, getting over 25,000 votes, and ranking highest of any tvd universe couple, as well as beating klaus and caroline by over 19k votes. 
who else is battling the elements with @queltheo and myself for the uswnt game?!?!? 
what does this really do? i wonder how many gun sales walmart does in a year to under 21.... and for under 21 hunters, won't mom or dad still buy them one in their name? in other words... nothing gained? … 
i think one of the biggest things i realized as i started working on the large scale project that i am is that time spent analyzing and contemplating how to implement a specific feature is just as important, if not more so, than the time spent actually doing so. 
@ twitchsupport bruh i’m trying to get my twitch prime @ fortnitegame skins and it’s not popping up on your site. am sad 
i’m still truly shook as to how the nfl gone try and tell me dez caught that ball 3 years later, like i ain’t know that. what’s next? brady does a lil sum sum with the refs pregame?? 
i. am. absolutely. obsessed with the pg/lebron to phili rumors. and the more i think about it, the more i love it! … 
asd-w fi lit. leads and the second language research institute of canada provided an informative pl on effective literacy centres. merci! 
or agree on a formal leave of absence until such time as sufficient information has been received to make a knowledgeable and thoughtful decision 
seniors... andy strum memorial scholarship due tomorrow! download the app via naviance and drop it off to our office tomorrow 
no-one should have to through this and i’ll support you guys as best as i can from here! i want to do a presentation at school to raise awareness so that more people can know about this and so that our generation can be heard and make a change 
and there's never a coupon when you need it 
shout out to @ dicks and @ walmart for taking the steps our government officials are too cowardly to do. 
turning the cities of sodom and gomorrah into ashes condemned them with an overthrow making them example unto those that live ungodly. 
once you let one mf disrespect you everyone else gona try and step all over you 
it's twitter! you can mine anyone notable's mentions for insane, over the top attacks. but her own dismissiveness toward good faith criticism is among the reasons people are so distrustful of access journalists and legacy media. 
learn what the constitution says! you talk about history & don't even understand what the constitution says nor the intent of the founders. research jefferson's letter to the danbury baptists & make a real attempt to understand. separation *is* "how it used to be" and should be. 
how come most calvinists are so busy debating and arguing, i never see them talk about christ? or his love? 
i am beside myself. really, genuinely upset. i fucked up last time and double booked so i had to sell the tickets. this time i didn't even get a ticket. terrible mum. 
my registration has not come yet and i have tried calling 6 times today #pcpoldr and cannot get through 
told my mom zion call me his love and she goes “so whens the next trip you gotta see him” 
and uba too. 
a retrosexual man does not use more hair or skin products than a woman. women have several supermarket aisles of stuff. we need an endcap (possibly 2 endcaps if you include shaving goods.) should know how to tie a windsor knot and only a windsor knot. 
i'm puting my trust on you don't let me fall down or i will drown and die 
and another quick burst by lc, with mills leading the way. the senior g has been really good tonight. mills has a double double with 1:36 left. crusaders up 54-46 
rir is perfectly innocent, is his namesake on fb, any criminal item is framing by the monson kolmeyer@groupies, jaxon, and brom, (theoretically speaking, orlando....maybe...so.....weren’t they in nl just this last week and a half? 17feb?) 
indeed, the great friends are hard to find, hard to leave, and difficult to forget 
we all benefit when nurses and midwives can give their best. let’s support them in realizing their full potential: #nursingnow 
good people on both sides but those with assault weapons and hate are likely to #trump. 
and the adventure had begun. out here in #vegas looking for kitchen equipment and found a… 
one of the things i find most frustrating is that for something as simple and straightforward as the annual checkup no data exists supporting effectiveness 
through thick and thin i will always love you!! #happybirthdayjustinbieber 
disney announces a slew of new marvel, live-action and animation release dates through 2023 
what's in those iv bags almost every hospital patient gets and is it dangerous? 
thx this game was a lot of fun! i like scenery and environmental sound very much i am looking forward if the next will come out. 
@ whitehouse drugs aren't the only thing you upper crust abuse. you abuse the people with taxes and theft of monies and then get away with it over and over and over again. our gov't has taken the best thing we have- hope. there is no justice from man's moral laws! 
meet the clear leader in #idcmarketscape. read the findings from idc's u.s. enterprise communications survey, 2017: unified communications and collaboration. 
have you tired turning it off and on /again/? jokes aside. sorry to hear. 
im suckign matts dick and dying 
@ moworldwide needs to just face facts that she’s not that funny, deserves what she’s getting paid, and is only one complaining about @ oprah n netflix n lionsgate. black comedians r getting paid from netflix n women comedians too. know your lane n what you’re worth smh 
the tory govt pr against nhs and doctors iscounterproductive if public/voters see through it #iff 
the greatest. giant of a man and fantastic human being. the man at the centre of our best ever moment which will never be forgotten 
but fate withstands, and, to oppose th' attempt, 
i’m gonna do some exercise tomorrow and go for a snowy walk because i’ve been super lazy this week. 
@ jacobbrasseur and pierce clinger both won their matches tonight at north/south all stars. great job fellas! 
they performed nobody like you during the summer shout out tour but we still are waiting for them to perform lmolm and tjdky 
weird and scary. worth looking into 
so playing dungeon keeper, i've conquered like half the kingdom, raised and trained many powerful creatures, and this arsewipe nobody just gets to show up with a level 7 dragon and i decided to bring nothing. fucking posers. 
chen always looked cute and handsome! people who hate him for certain hairstyle are just jealous that they will never look good! #cbxsoon #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #exol @ weareoneexo 
wauseon moves to 23-0, and wins their fourth consecutive sectional title. … 
jeeze. thots and prayers 
ft jihoon/woozi and seungcheol/scoups 
march 17, 2017 and march 3, 2018 
that's all i use. php is flat amazing. by far the easiest and most straightforward language i've used for the web. 
idk whats more annoying that people who i called friends treat me like shit or the people i love and trust ignoring me when im having a break down and need someone to talk to while they are having a laught and memeing in another discord server. maybe i should just stop caring 
i wish this weather wasn’t so shitty because i wanna go out for a drink but i also wanna stay in bed and sleep 
so ready for the day i get to come home to a husband and kids and be able to say i have the perfect family! but who am i kidding that’ll never happen 
some may say i soupenated when i should’ve pronated but i’ll just say the bad ones at atlanta athletic club today are on @ k_kisner! of course the good ones are credited to me and me alone. 
had a great time today i love my hubby so much. now about to go get these brows done and get ready for church... 
not ujungs getting mad over people joking around and saying the members are dating 
i swear y’all niggas really never had shit and still faking too this day 
yeah. she wrote “i hate everyone” in chapstick in a window at recess because “friends” were picking on her and wouldn’t play with her. 
oh yeah, and #gthc 
february ratings: fox news and sean hannity on top -- cnn and chris cuomo in freefall 
similarities between ltbonts and midnight show / jenny “darling don’t you see i’m not satisfied, until i hold you tight” / “she couldn’t scream while i held her close, i swore i’d never let her go” 
fellas is it gay wanting to spend a whole life with kang jaehee, living together and making coffee every single day for each other while holding hands and at the end of the day cuddle in bed and whispering into her ear how much i love her? 
dear diary i'm secretly learning about cut and running from movies like the great escape, secretary and all the president's men. something has to work!! #hopehicksdiaryentries 
turns out ignoring all those software updates over the years means the only two movie files my laptop can play are aladdin and a rifftrax dub of half blood prince 
this is extremely moving and honest. thank you for sharing such a deeply personal experience. 
yes we need a new manager and coaching staff, but why the fuck are people going on about a new director of football, it’s a fucking fake job, catterick, kendall, royle etc didn’t have dof’s they along with their coaching staff spotted players they wanted and would try sign them 
the walleye have a brutally quick turnaround after saturday night's game with a 2 p.m. start in brampton on sunday. team will get into brampton about 5 in the morning. but brampton plays in k-zoo tonight and faces a similar turnaround. 
i really hate when people come in my room and disrupt my peace lol 
do you ever stop and wonder how bts were strong enough to overcome all the obstacles they had thrown their way? stan resilient, passionate kings! #bestboyband #bts @ bts_twt #iheartawards 
pleaz.. so : clearly, tariff questions regulate the parameters (notions) concerning: consumption, production and profit (price).. 
i think we have a lot in common. first, let's protect kids with guards, locked doors, and metal detectors. then, we can improve reporting on crazies. 18 states do not report to fbi. air force was not reporting. then improve the detection of potential terrorists. step by step. 
not none to many many folk...these are the most trying times in our republic since the constitutional convention. be loving be strong and love those who dont know its not their fault. we are a republic of americans despite our political affiliation. red blue doesn't matter 
and the same with things like netflix and stuff not everyone can afford that. so that's why we pirate them. it's cheaper and easier. 
captain ed's h & h shop on #yelp: just left. so happy with my new purchase and can't wait to start using it. dom he… … 
"we know were not a finished product and we’re gonna get better so that’s good." -gregg berhalter … 
secure and random password: qycdbqxs #passwords #security #infosec #lottery | powerball pick: 5 - 35 - 52 - 9 - 2 | (24) 
welcome to the aac where you have talented players and a good coach. your reward? a 5-7 ncaa tournament resume in 7 straight appearances. that’s all i’m saying. 
i’m watching @ richeisen run the 40 today for @ stjude! tweet #runrichrun #stjude and join the cause with me! … 
umberella girls: jared and marcell kita, ceweknya: jajang dan mardin 
#ocvla family and friends of ocfc are welcome! @ npslsoccer @ lagalaxy 
you need the xbox chat adapter an audio splitter and a 4 pole 3.5mm audio cable 
omg she talked about how baby sara doesn't exist anymore and how she's mad about that like i feel like everyone forgot that barry literally erased a baby out of existence 
and butts. so many butts in this movie. 
this year’s ensemble cabaret is this friday night at 7! grab some friends and come to the senior commons to enjoy a night of music from the movies! ticket price is $5, but for students it is two tickets for only $8! see an ensemble member for tickets! 
i've never played the campaign but i'm still enjoying the multiplayer. my cousin and i play it almost every weekend the past few months. 
4. #isis claims responsibility for attacking and killing #hazara civilian, sajjad ali 
lmao damn i like this nigga, i wouldn’t be sending paragraphs and about to blow his phone up if i didn’t 
i think you capture both of them beautifully, and adam's face is such a conundrum to me when i try to draw him. i also love the sketches of han and baby ben. 
born in ukraine and moved around quite a bit; moved to israel at age 8 w/ nina sodin #podcast 
it's nice of you to backup you're boyfriend's stance on things, but saying he has four people in his camp is silly. spencer has a lot of friends and supporters around the world, today won't change that. what may change is the public event track, but we'll see. 
good evening! it is 7pm and here is a look at temperatures across the area. #wvwx #vawx 
i dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives. 
that's good. though i do wonder whether alexander-style patterns aren't well served by your and my shared metaphor of things clicking together (which has an air of finality). 1/4 
trade imbalance, domestic pricing/reporting structure and global instability is hurting dairy farmers again. many will sell out this year to not face eroding equity like 2012, 08/09. do your own research. media is corrupt. dont buy into its division agenda. wake up america. 
new podcast is here! we recap the weekend in houston and preview texas tech. we also share some exciting news for the podcast! … 
roman will get in the bed and clap for me to tuck him in when he’s sleepy 
do you think every journalist in the room gets to ask a question? send in someone who doesn't preach and simply asks a question and records the response. you know like they taught them at journalism school. 
@ neglectedbanana havent heard anything off onion rat in a day lol and news fam 
if your a uber driver or lyft who complains, stfu and clock off mf, you drive when you want to #uberpassengeradvice 
they are in florida combing the golf courses and mcdonalds looking for you 
why would i not buy myself a bb-8 lego set to make up for a stressful week and two cancelled… 
i mean... idk but i just dunno why someone would stan someone who would go through all this trouble to just to make someone feel shit tbh. and i’m still salty about her bringing all the boys into her petty argument lol 
oh wow. which is the father and which is the muther? get me? sick ppl … 
it’s free pizza night tonight at @ planetfitness, and it’s killing me! #judgementfreezone #help 
and they'll be sending you gift wrapped. anyone withheld - or who "dies" - gets replaced by two more of our choice. until we've taken who we need. who will then be teaching counterintel out of federal supermax for the rest of their lives. cooperation would be wise. 
how hard is it to fix overbite when you need uppers and lowers 
should’ve seen mr. sexwonk at full time, palace through and through, cracking, love it hahahahahah 
love black and white @lethbridge, alberta 
obviously space invaders. now get kd to sign it and send it my way 
i own, and reload, all three, and more. #youdontknowme #howrude 
i just feel if no i.d. didnt step in and help his sound, it would've got repetitive 
i liked a @ youtube video live stream with r. wayne steiger, dr. claudia albers and planet x news 3/5/18 
today is my weekly session of questioning my decision to be back in school for my phd. i feel so inadequate and underprepared for comps and the dissertation process. 
i wasnt the only one who can see the price tag and it's $463.67 
harvard punishes christian student group – and you guessed it – for following the bible … via @ skinnergj 
at junes every day and now i have an umaru level craving for cola 
its funny how certain songs can bring back such great memories of such trashy people and still put a smile on your face 
when your fav band starts a second usa tour and forgets to pop over to europe/uk... don’t forget all your fans @ bonjovi @ jonbonjovi lotta jovi love over the pond. 
top illuminati grand wizard: “we control islam and we'll use it to destr... via @ youtube 
jeff flake (r-ariz.) says senators talk about “tuesday trump” and “thursday trump.” the first is the agreeable dealmaking trump, the second is trump after his base and special interests get to him. per david axelrod’s podcast. 
i miss jungkook :( i wonder how he is these days, and i really hope he's not overworking too much 
but europeans aren’t from here in general and they stole africans from their own country so... 
this is truth. @ twitter stop censoring us and censor real fake news like @ … 
sadō in japanese is a choreographed ritual of preparing and serving rich japanese green tea.… 
remember, not liking hillary makes you pro-trump, every time, without fail, no exceptions, no excuses, and also racist because it's the internet after all. 
look. i love winnie the pooh - and i will see this film. but pooh looks like a killer bear in this live action. … 
i was gonna ask her about another day but i thought she would say no so i didn’t even try. our luck she’ll start chapter 1 the day before the vocab test and then finish it for homework that night 
opinion: it’s time to see if eating three extra large pizzas and drinking two gallons of coke per day will result in weight loss. … 
bro i was gon record yesterday but i deadass had the beat playing with my phone in my hand and as soon as i stepped up to the mic i was just like "bruh im too tired to do this shit rn" 
there was no need for poverty in this country. it was an ideology of austerity by the government that the many would pay for the bankers mistakes. tories borrowed money, gave the elite and corporations tax breaks. to make the poor poorer and kill off 120,000 + disabled 
also like and rt my pinned if you haven’t already owo 
i know it’s a wednesday night, but i’ve been dying to open another new wine i bought for its interesting name and label... 
break out the slow cooker and enjoy this delicious honey mustard @ perduechicken recipe! #perduecrew #promotion - 
7 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
@ marthamaccallum good afternoon! good luck on @ thestoryfnc your doing an "awesome" job on @ foxnews this week...as always! keep up the good work. prayers you and your family have a wonderful and safe evening. stay warm & god bless! #thestory 
lol actually teddy loves his gurl i really dont see him and bam taking it outside the house #bbnaija 
in just a moment on @ cbsmiami, details on the gun bill that just passed and @ defede explains why this is a big loss for the nra in 
@ ivankatrump is being investigated by the fbi and @ foxnews has failed to report it. 
me: should i come in later? athe snow is gonna get bad everyone: lol its not even snowing me: (now stuck in the snow and only went in for them to close the store early) 
the actors didn't feel that way about it. they have spoken openly about. shanks backed ben's comments about it up and they worked to make it less uncomfortable for b/c. they did not want to mock something they loved and felt was superior to sg1 production wise. 
facing the goblins and their king, while dying a lote: via @ youtube 
mark nods and waits a moment for calvin to open the door, and soon walks in with him. "thanks. and- uh, one more thing? ignore anything i say when i drink, please?" … 
i like the regional representation the australia provides. 12 senators for each state and 2 for each territory. all regions are equal in the senate. #cdnpoli 
i liked a @ youtube video insane! rhode island porn ransom, lithuanian murder conspiracy explained, and more... 
and she would be great … 
got some girl scout cookies tonight and the girls were singing songs practicing their sounds. i don’t know who their teacher is or what school they go to, but their teacher should be proud! wish i thought to get their picture! 
he never gives interviews. if at all he gives one, the interviewer asks some questions previously greed upon and the interviewer seems to be praising modi most of the time. one tough question asked was 'how do you have so much energy?'. that's a tough one. mushrooms? 
tyrann mathieu, here at @ nflnetwork thursday, said he and agent spoke with cardinals thursday. they asked him to take a pay cut. 
gonna retweet this, and i might monthly do it, kind reminder yall. … 
no...the topic of this entire thread is on creationism/evolution...it stemmed from ken hamm's post...and shared dna among species is evolution...you switched to abiogenesis...which all evidence points to...but you actually don't have a point...just antagonism 
rob, occasions like tonight's cowboy's home game where it was heading for a sellout before all the beautiful rain stopped many of us from getting there might be a good future place to lobby and hand out information about how to petition for a separate north queensland territory? 
and represent a loss of jobs. companies that purchase this materials for the manufacture of goods has reprted it may have to lsy ppl of in order to break even. tariff not terrif 
@ amazonhelp @ jeffbezos later on i was also told that 'ragini g' who mailed me that i will be able to order after 8 hours simply lied and misinformed. what the hell is going on?? one customer guy is telling one thing and another is saying that the first one is wrong. 
jeremy likness - cosmosdb and .net core … #cosmosdb #dotnetcore @ ch9 #azure 
what was it the @ lnpqld said about farmers and then deleted the tweet? 
ho - lee shit!!!! one interview...one freaking interview and it has already been the most pathetic thing i've seen this year! rotflmao! 
4 pm on a thursday and i’m drunk lol oops. 
scared about was possibly losing hours of footage and audio. thankfully their completely safe and i've really lost nothing but time on the internet. regardless, i'm working as fast as i can to get back in working order and my time away has given me some nice ideas! thank's folks! 
dana even though i’m a “bit” older than you i want to grow up and be just like you! you are an amazing role model. you make me proud! #happyinternationalwomensday 
lucky for us, we know a 3rd amigo who is pretty weathly himself and is kind enough to compliment others on his birthday (thought it slipped by without anyone noticing, eh?...) 
some people like to rant about it, but stuff like this actually is a significant part of why wow outlives so many other mmos that were arguably better in significant ways. there keeps being cool and goofy stuff to share with friends. … 
i liked a @ youtube video do this one thing and girls will approach you | how to make a girl want you & attract 
or asking david grossman and jack thompson 
happy #domisthebombthursday mary and all earpers hope you all are doing well and are safe. and if you need the sun i am sending you her 
my professor used to party at studio 54 and just complimented my yellow beret so i guess i just won the andy warhol ball 
i miss my boyfriend and ive only been at work for 2 hours................ 
look i work so hard on my little films, and i’m super excited to put together the senior video ahhhh yayayayaya 
time changes back this weekend and i’m so glad 
if i am the browns... i can't trade for taylor and draft another qb in the first. i'm not a fan of either of those qbs. besides future wr l. jackson 
it gave you life experience and taught you how to work efficiently with a team!!!! 
i love it! i've learned so much! the insults have been breathtakingly beautiful and when you all come together it's like watching a masterpiece appear before my eyes! xx 
in season 7 rachel gets pulled over and the police man says she's an aquarius but before states her birthday is may 5th??? 
lmao and your trouble is always legit trouble 
they will give you x-ray vision and super strength, but the trade off is you will also have violent shits. 
it's driving me fucking mental and sad 
thanks girl! and i’m down! 
i’ve watched a few of barkhad abdi’s movies and i must say that his acting skills is unparalleled. 
you have to think of good things happening and then they will. 
honestly that still works cuz someone at my job got fired for a yelp review so they definitely get read and can affect them. 
i'm competing with myself and myself only, i'm tryna better me . 
but the gop impeached clinton for lying about a blow job (i’m sure that’s coming from trump! he lies 80 times a day), so you’d think they might be a little more worked up about him having an affair with a porn star 4 months after his wife gave birth and paying hush $ /1 
i feel like i am going to get drunk tonight and start talking in an english accent for far too long. get ready world. 
it’s just normal for me, so i don’t take a step back often enough and appreciate, and marvel at, the fact that my mother gave birth nine times. nine. nine. what a heroine. what a woman. what a mother. i can’t do nine push ups. #iwd18 #mothersday 
michael is so fucking lucky to have such a loving and appreciative girlfriend like crystal, michael is being loved and im so happy for him 
i do hate to kill those though, but it must be done. we had a beautiful huge widow once and it hurt to kill her but also can’t leave her with us and the kid running around. i thought about catch and release somewhere but ultimately decided to neutralize the threat. 
ifew is caring for rico because she’s the one responsible for rico’s nausea and puke, the noodles were full and pepper. and then she sprinkled him with water. #bbnaija 
prop clocks all say 10 to 2. it's a set. it's all quite staged - but good! 
that's still only an expression of an opinion, that i proved to him was wrong. wrong because he is appealing to the authority of the climate change establishment, and ignoring the failed application of the sci. method in the agw premises. 
going live with some arcade action on twitch! join us right now !!! yeah buddy! josh and tim in game time! #zazmo #arcade #retro 
you'd also probably keep your mouth shut and not ruin this "lawsuit" you're filing by going on every amateur radio show you can find, soliciting for jobs and media appearances, etc … 
i love scrolling through @ suspiciousnoodl's artwork. watching their avatar's steady evolution is a pretty fun experience. the steady shift of species and specifics; it's kinda like watching one of those "rise of man" slideshows. 
steinem...shut up and go on a cruise somewhere. let some other more significant and effective role model emerge. you and your ilk are part of the reason and problem that we are where we are today. if you were so good, so effective - why don't we have more congresswomen then? 
isle royale: untamed and undisturbed … 
i might have accidentally said tuesday, but the ncaa tourney starts tuesday? why would you believe they would come to st louis and have 3 full days off between games? that's at least a little bit on you! 
kingsmusketeers: you are brave and honorable and kind 
@ fullyfocusedmed there is a song that used to play pretty consistently during the third period during stoppages in play, but now it plays during the first. it's rocked out and and kind of whiny. i can't make out any words at all. do you have any idea which one i'm talking about? 
i hope @ bmarch63 gets t-boned by a semi and can never skate in the nhl again. 
you are insane and still campaigning go take a nap lunatic.. 
ask and you shall receive . . . . . . . . . . . . #blackgirlmagic #blackhair #dustyhoes… 
12 people followed me and dozens of people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
peace and quiet at last.... oddly fitting. 
i went over to bens house and did yard work 
veronica is crap. and i love [rec], by the same director. 
omg thank you guys for giving me one of the most amazing and unforgettable days of my life, you were all so sweet and amazing and i’m so thankful that i got to meet you all! love you all!! @ fellowyatt @ jaedenlieberher @ jeremyraytaylor @ imchosenjacobs @ sophiajlillis @ 
today is 2018-03-11 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
today went from the worst day of my life to the best and thats thanks to harry styles and louis tomlinson thank you 
damn, nebraska and penn state got screwed by the selection committee 
and the fucking suit he woree!!! wtff so fuckingg perfect 
stop you always hav the best memes and i always steal them 
i am blessed to be at this point of my life, with all that i got and accomplished. i ain’t got room nor the time for you negative hating ass people. bye 
really looking forward to rehearsing with the amazing @ imjoshflowers and @ heyjewj for this new run in nyc - so happy to have scored this brilliant … 
tonight #pillsonthemoon will be on 103jamzradio between 8:45pm - 10pm please call in and request… 
this is why i stay home and take early naps... it was a great nap though 
hey im live, and you should come hang out 
funny because that's also me warm and happy in all the love you always send me 
thanks steve and @ fjord for hosting a great panel. 
don't get me wrong. i'm still supporting this team and hope we win the nit but this still sucks. 
took a pic of my screen and awkward school photo of cullen 
the night becomes the dawn to prove that love goes on it's written in the stars and in my heart of hearts with you is where i still belong 
jack pearson was supposed to live long enough to grow old and grey with his wife and watch their children grow together 
entry level trader – training and capital provided … 
arrived fashionably late so missed the queues - disappointed with photo op, £120 for 3 seconds with norman and i didn’t even get chance to say hi due to being rushed in and out. spent a fortune on merch though #walkerstalkerlondon2018 #walkerstalkerlondon @ 
great work! thanks for your dedication and for caring about us. 
due to cancellation of school for tuesday march 13 any student who purchased a ticket at school and will ride... 
oof look how cute my layout and @looks 
i am literally so proud of you and how far you have come. keep taking over the game tay jo!!!! 
slap this: twan.b ft. uc lil kayla – bullshit (music video): @ twan_bee and @uclilkayla connect on “bullshit”. they don’t have any patience for anyone who brings negative vibes or b.s. energy. if you’re coming with that b.s. be ready to deal with the fire… 
real talk got mine about a month ago now and i'm following the same path lolol! it's just two completely different experiences. 
my whole spring break all i did was watch lifetime movie network and i love it now . 
오늘은 내행복을 꺼내 나눠줄게 today i will take out my happiness and shar it with you اليوم سأخرج سعادتي و اتقاسمها معك #monbebeselcaday #기현 #kihyun @ 
same my boyfriend a taurus and im a taurus 
on the road to 100 victory royals with @ wzrdftw on fortnite! stop by and show the stream some support and follow! @ mikemartin1982 @ shoutgamers @ fortniteleague 
in 2017, orlando scandrick had 0-int’s, 0-fumble recoveries... “i want to go somewhere else and be an impact player...” - orlando scandrick me: … 
pennsylvania tuesday vite for the president trump's agenda candidate. get out and vote. … 
asfdgfhjkjhasdfghjhgfsd and the slow burn continues~ (tho at least wed know its mutual) 
@ results_tweets held its real change policy summit in washington d.c. from march 4-6. staff writer jana julian attended to hear how the organization is advocating for u.s. and global anti-poverty campaigns focused on health, education, and economic opportunity. 
so im sitting there, bbq sauce on my titties, and im like? what the fuck? again? 
off home and hopefully we will be back to gran canaria very soon 
i hope you have opted to use 9mm loads and firearms.arger guns and load a make it all more difficult. 
our god is able to perform any miracle and i believe god can heal him! 
lynn, you might be the cutest and kindest person in existence. i am so sorry for your lost. tell me if there is anything i can do for you <3 
get rich quickers have alts and ico's to play with, and those that want to build a peer to peer electronic cash system can. what's happened has given people choice for participation. i'm happy grq'ers have moved out, more space to do the work, plant seeds for cash growth. 
..and what is it that you crave this time beautiful? 
love this blog on #raredisease advocacy by @ anne_bruns: “advocacy, in all its forms, is the most incredible act of service and love that i have come across.” … 
my sense is @ tgowdysc has been “a good soldier” for the @ housegop and @ devinnunes used him and maybe even lied to him in order to get cleared through the ethics charges and has decided he has had enough. … 
lmao guess who fucked his body clock for champions league football and got disappointed 
somi spins and searches up carl she’s the biggest ********* i know including myself 
no one with a shred of decency and honesty can take a job in dumbo's admin. anyone who is not a dumbo ass kisser with half a brain and the chutzpah to disagree with him gets fired by twitter. he even has general kelly lying for him!! couldn't reach the sec'y of state for 2 days?? 
and who’s saying that that’s the main focus here? 
the dia is a jewel and is the venue for the @ waynecountymi state of the court 
no motivation to study, and junior year is almost over 
every once in a while, when i have to exit off the highway i have to do it when i’m all the way in the left lane because i’m an ohio driver and i have to stay current with the ways of my people #stuckinkansas #ohiodriver 
follow me on snap for all my obnoxious pictures and videos 
russian and american nazis united 
of morons and men #tillersonmemoirtitles 
i’ve had two 8-5’s in a row this week and tomorrow is my last one and i am so happy 
happy birthday to @ wjbena and thank you for all of your work on behalf of the nebraska yrs and @ yrnf over the past 15 years. #yrretired #theygrowupsofast 
i’ve got interactions of lisa, jisoo and irene, taeyeon yeri and irene, tiffany yeri and irene, sana and irene even tiffany and somi but not hyunjin and chuu and they’re in the same group what the fuck 
red light cameras criminally #perpetuatedeath4dollars. get the facts at follow me (ifb) and retweet our pinned tweet today 
the winter instrumental concert featuring all 3 bands and 1 orchestra. fine arts at its best. 
absolutely, no arguments there! i could also go on rants about historical class e licensing, current class d licensing, and overall lack of consistency and responsivity of the aglc. but yeah, it's the taxes that make it $$$ 
ok we made the melting potatoes as part of dinner tonight and oh my god they are so good 
reminded and thankful … 
and she got an apple pie at lunch today! way to go madison! 
3 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
@ ali_nejad such chaos at the table. grab the bullhorn and tell them to keep the conversations to a minimum of two at a time!!! 
get your weekly dinner recipes, shopping lists, and more from @ perduechicken! #promotion #perduecrew - 
playin w/ #pubg in na w/ pinaygaming and her friends. :) #streamersph @ 
literally..our generation and gen x tried to fix it, and baby boomers just turned around and made it worse. genx: bill clinton for president!! baby boomers: *responds with gw* millennials: obama for president!!! baby boomers: *responds with donald* 
"patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish." ~ john quincy adams #dailyqotd 
done that before as well and afterwards got cuked by a bug :( … 
how to eliminate dark parts of the face, neck, hands, arms and legs? #skincare please 
tie game now 29-29 @ na_athletics and @ techbostonhoops @ nandovercitizen 
can’t wait to graduate and get a job so i can ask a co-worker for a copy of something and say “i need this yesterday” 
next time they should all go over and stand on his lawn. … 
love and share 
i draw bulbasaur yesterday and it looks nice btw tonight i'll draw eevee 
love this. i hope funding is an endless pipeline to continue this innovative, brilliant and cost-effective way to solve so many problems that typically require expensive and limited resources. 
"tweet a retro game you love with no explanation and nominate 5 others to do the same." @ toasty_bd @ realwhchocolate @hbawhiteywhite @ kamaalharris 
can you be nominated as an economic adviser by the rest of the drivers to nascar? seems like you have a better handle on it than anyone else, and you’re the most vocal. 
what’s that got to do with parkland murderer who the fbi , the school administration and the local sheriffs office ignored all the clear signs of a deranged person bent on murdering children and teachers? he wasn’t an nra member. he passed background check because fbi allowed it. 
currently rooting for #wreckemtech and #cougarhigh #marchmadness 
uh, maybe john mccain and ben sasse? it's too close to call. 
his palm holding the length of hoseok’s cock as he sinks down slow, the fill so thick and perfect he can’t help but twist his digits into hoseok’s shirt. hoseok wastes no time in fucking into his tight heat, grasping jimin’s ass so he can slam upwards. every buck of + 
every time i see videos of people interacting with or petting wild animals even in “controlled” settings i get super fucking nervous. there’s a big difference between picking up a house gecko and trying to touch a seal or raccoon. doing this stuff puts them at risk as well as you 
was happy to host students from hamilton hs west for a tour of the us capitol during #publicschoolsweek. we had a good conversation on trafficking and other issues, and i was impressed with the depth of their questions. i am proud of our schools and all our bright students! 
girl, are you watching american crime story on fx?! they are doing gianni versace! it’s so good and creepy a.f. daniel criss plays andrew cunanan. all the characters and perfectly well done. they also did the o.j. trial. it’s so good. you’d love both seasons! 
#ncat is some sketchy niggas at a&t staircase near the cafe wearing all black and one all red niggas was finna walk up on me but i left 
how much is it to do a twitter promotion or a facebook ad? i see them a lot and i feel like it must bring in some new people. 
right omg i usually just explain it as someone who isn’t on stan twitter and likes things in pop culture casually 
@ giantinsider #nyg new corner teddy williams was at one point the worlds fastest man. "at the university of texas-el paso championships in 2009, williams ran the 100-meter dash in 9.90 seconds, the fastest time in the world that year." speed, size, and quality men! #dgnyg 
i think kotor is too real and you're pissed because the day was going so well 
review by: andrew great! 5 + stars, i would give more if allowed. steve was very professional and knowledgeable. he 
i just misread the city name "nacogdoches" as "nacho dogs" and i think maybe i had too much junk food today. 
@ markscheifele55 happy birthday mark hope your having a great day and hope to see you back on the ice soon. #gojetsgo 
it arrived! cannot wait to read children of blood and bone @ 
like i said before, some white people seem sooo concerned about muslim women being oppressed yet they yank there hijabs out in public, they call them terrorist and when they say they are wearing it by choice, they are immediately called liars and are told to remove it. #feminist 
@ frankerfacez verified accounts and twitch turbo icons for circular coloured dots are the same colour, or very close to. 
cougars leave runners on 1st and 3rd. headed to bottom of 4 bruins lead 3-0 
there is a rainbow outside right now and it’s so beautiful 
@ twitter excludes conservative parkland student @ kylekashuv from the discussion despite his meetings with legislators and efforts toward a bipartisan solution … 
picked edinburgh by 4 and cardiff by 8 so i'll take both winning by 6, perk up the superbru a bit... 
do not put your weak limitations on me or nobody else, people really out here trying to pull you down instead of getting in they bag and getting up! 
it def looks like a schiff reply.. look and arduous 
sometimes leadership is identifying the better path to take and being able to admit it in the face of naysayers. 
if anyone is debating whether or not going to see all time low live i’m telling you now it’s worth it so so much, i’ve seen them twice now and they’re some of the best nights of my life i highly recommend seeing them 
i have never hated sasha and kath more than i do right now 
the discord is full of spiders and i'm dying 
between the pace and lack of shooting it’s borderline unwatchable unless you’re with a group. the group atmosphere makes the tourney imo. 
kids were killed and u crying abt some fucking paw patrol peak! … 
i couldn't believe his black mom was laughing and defending him being a colorist. it doesn't matter if he was a teen or not even in his grown age he hasn't learned a damn thing 
i have! the puzzles are cleaner and more elegant, but it's missing all the wonder and secrets of original solomon's key, which i once saw someone describe as "the thinking person's bubble bobble." 
my dream miss north carolina and miss america gown came home with me today and i cannot be more excited! huge thank you to mrs. courtney at jewel’s formals for helping me find my gorgeous gown! i also ran into the jamye shaw when i picked up my gown 
@ mrs_lerner great job to you and your kids at columbia. inspirational 
soccerladuma and it's malicious news though 
me and my friends did a dance to this song in 6th grade and i had no idea this song was about sex 
@ rogerfederer is my idol, again and again he shocks the world. hands down greatest of all time 
and most of us retire on mere peanuts!! 
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 251 #paradiseisland2 #gameinsight 
i have 99 problems , but generating leads and making sales is not one. secure your spot on out next training here: 
you like krishna? achutam keshavam is a blessing then! melodious...didn't know you were a hindu and practice it :-) — thank you, i am playing it now.... the flute in the beginning . i really admire bollywood songs d... … 
can i get a code and i followed and retweeted and liked gl everuone 
have you heard about this one if you wanna get it and i have sinned. 
anyway i'm feeling bad because i hate the way i look and feel comfortable and pretty in 
so happy my local metv station shows psa's instead of ambulance chaser and as seen on tv junk. #svengoolie 
i got 87 insigne, 82 kovacic and 81 bellerin. 100% proof ea can rig packs 
who fired mccabe and y....thats all we need to know...cut the crap...were not dumb ! … 
sweet! gamespot was my number 1 source of videogame news and shows before your bosses cancelled everything i loved 
time to throw it in and i'll be trying this out for these two hot studs today 
catching up on my couch and play video games in bed beside me so i wouldn't get lonely 
as scope of weinstein conduct widens, questions arise: who knew what and when? - ente… … ➜ 
6 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
sure and this works too. keep up with the name calling. still waiting on being called a “maximalist”. 
#alcoholawareness how about the deadliest and most abused drug and killer-alcohol florida 
drake and josh is on hulu just so u know. there's like no way you've seen all 47 episodes. 
raf and “a tradition unlike any other” are doing the game, watch what you wish for! 
booked my flight to vegas today and i have a 3.5 hour layover in denver. you already know my conspiracy senses are tingling. 
huge shoutout to the @ attpalmerpark team today we served our customers and had fun with the people that keep the core running...the people. thank you @ giovanniquiros2 @ jonkennedyjk @ judy_cavalieri @ 
not everything goes well, don't forget that! and enjoy the things that do go well! 
love or hate the kardashians, @ robkardashian looks so much healthier and is clearly committed to being there for his daughter. 
#thisisus keeps me in tears. i don’t know how they manage to touch every part of my heart and find the weak spot. well done! 
#supportindieauthors #supportindiepress #supportindiesupporters (like @jimbomcleod and everyone else on this list) … 
just found some lost messages in imessage. they went to my ipad and never ended up on my phone. why does this even exist? 
ok will check the temp and another colour, have you tried out the upgrade kit to the 2.5? 
and dragons dungeons 
y’all ever be on your phone and you just randomly twitch and your phone flys across the room? no? just me? cool. 
there’s a difference between the temple knights and the heavens ward. each has their own individual militaries and the former which ser aymeric commands, are chill. but the latter, that answer to thordan, are cucks 
believe it or not- i completely understand and am in close to a very similar situation. if you ever need to talk i’m here!! 
and you're not promoting the creator's merit, just don't get it 
getting reeeeaaaaallly close on patreon to doujin funding! i'm super excited and hope we can hit it. it's expensive but i really wanna make sure they look good? so hopefully that milestone gets hit sooooon then i'll get everyone to vote on what they want first 
“letters come in 8 languages, english, spanish, russian, arabic, french, japanese, korean, and chinese in simplified and traditional script.“ this is the future and djt’s dream, probably. … 
a perfect case of "only in pakistan" and then we question why the world fails to understand us … 
thank you @ united @ sheratonhotels and @ hertz for such a wonderful welcome to miami beach #vip#takencareof#vacay 
glass and acrylic cabochons >> vintage swarovski #dlol 
one of the major reasons is because of you and other swamp rats to stay in washington so long creating the legislation that you do. it is your fault swamp rat. #termlimits 
please #potus go after the pharma companies! stop the lobbyists from lining the pockets of our reps to vote their way! look how many big pharma companies are killing and hurting people and ruining lives! … 
people like this kid, with warped views are actually incredibly and absolutely racist. they just don’t understand why. they grew up in a time when race became a national issue- this time for the wrong reasons: used as a tool to pit americans against eachother for political gain. … 
i’ve never watch an episode of parks and rec or the office. but i want to be in #sfb8 i’ll watch for that sole reason. hahah 
i asked someone for a professional letter of recommendation and he told me “you right it as good as you need it, i’ll sign” highly disappointed! 
if anyone knows anita newbill tell her she ain’t shit and that her grand daughter said it. 
whatever tomorrow brings, i'll be there with open arms and open eyes. 
i can’t call because i live in csnada and don’t have their numbers! but i’ll message all my fb friends in the u.s. and have them message all their friends! especially those in your state. hope this will help 
is jim carrey in an asylum where painting is the afternoon arts and crafts project? 
we can draw a lot of parallels between sports, life and leadership – because ultimately, all of these are a way to express ourselves better. -start by being a great teammate. then someday , you will be a great spouse, co- worker and parent. 
dock and pikciochain! 
i keep telling you, if they made a star wars movie of "behind the scenes of star wars" with just these kinds of clips and stuff, id go see it lol. 
dude, i’ve been needing something like this! my wife and i are watching all the marvel movies again before seeing infinity war. i think we’ll be watching one of your episodes tonight actually! i’m curious... in reviewing the mcu films, did you rewatch them in the order released?? 
i’m going to protest. i’ll supply the evil oversized snicker bar hats and call the msm. 
yes, just this morning a comment was made in response to a comment i made, the acct was following 1 and had 0 followers. they are out in full force. 
do what you love and you'll never work a day in yr life that's what i always say 
lol people always asking “so are you a morning person or a night person?” and i’m just like honey i’m barely even a person 
i have this book and it's the best … 
international music summit between west van district honour choirs and inzel school if music, germany. special night. language of music breaks barriers. proud to have been here supporting @ sefulton they loved your german intro! #classact @ westvanschools #musicmatters 
i think i just discovered why i got sick the other day after eating, and i am about to have more from the same batch, so this will be interesting... 
your lady bears did it again! 2-1 victory over a very skilled and strong cy-woods! a whole team effort with 2 beautiful goals by kaileigh duncan. #wtd #bridgelandfirstclass #gobears 
junhwan and double b. the superior ships of the ikons. 
we are begging the gop to stop being complicit spineless power hungry traitors. change now or you will will be charged once we hit the voting booths. writing is on the wall. wake up gop. impeach trump and save yourselves 
one time sadie and i asked if we could get a picture with gavin and they asked him and he looked at us and said “no” and i’ve never been so honored to get rejected 
gosh i could just smack those goons for the torture and bullying they put trevor through ugh #ppspdspot @ msreegjp @ jp_library @ suehellerjp 
it was a long time ago and i don't remember all the steps. even after i said delete, it said it would be available should i change my mind. to this day if i click on a link to fb page, it tries to get me back. fb is insidious. try here. … 
just got tatted a month ago and already itching for another one. 
thank you for your great videos me and my 4 year old love to watch my hubby is even a fan now #trackersummergiveaway! 
i've been skeptical, yet experimental, since october 2016. but thanks to @ mysticxlipstick and my muhfuggin dawg @ heretoheal101 i'm finally starting to believe that this shit is for real for real. as in today, i'm finally accepting that energy work is real lmfao. 
it improves the ability to think of older people and slows the progress of #alzheimer 
marco polo all arriving at cambaluc and he's like don knotts what are you doing here 
he didn't hurt anything i can understand the concern and he probably shouldn't have gone there but what all kids need is to be shown a good example and some love 
to prevent any form of abuse against minors, the dswd reiterated its guidelines to secure travel clearance for children 17 years old and below who are traveling abroad alone or without their parents. #dswdmaymalasakit #dswdparasanakararami … 
and she will be loved 
to be honest from all yonghwa's drama i find only ttm and the package are interesting... heartstring has great ost..but they can't developed the story til like ep 8... i even can't watch the other drama til finished (mhiyd) though he is so gorgeous there (his supreme era) … 
“successful people compensate for what they don’t have; unsuccessful people make excuses, blame everyone else, and never get past the deficiencies. a true leader can see past those deficiencies, identify the abilities, and get the most out of that individual.” #relentless 
hey honey badger. i’m expecting you to attack the start and get to the first corner p1. have a great season stay safe and do what you do best . steal podiums. forza mate ! 
i wonder if most of y'all actually know how the political system in this country actually works? i'm watching remarks on the new president and i'm so confused. 
my brother the beat maker and that. listen to aberrations by the black orpheus or ur a bum … 
will want to ride your face and suffocate u! 
i don't believe in an interventionist god but i know, darling, that you do but if i did i would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you not to touch a hair on your head to leave you as you are and if he felt he had to direct you then direct you into my arms... 
this is his personal account. he's allowed to have and express whatever opinions he wants on it. but let's be real. your problem isn't his bias. it's that his bias is liberal. 
ok time to keep going on my dgm reread to complete the reading pandora hearts and things that pandora hearts reminded me of journey and can i just say i actually really love the art at the beginning. like hoshino's art now is amazing obviously but early dgm art was also so good 
book and art sale @ morayartcentre on sunday, 8th april from 11 - 4pm. £1 for small books to £5… 
clermont niggas and park pals … 
that moment when you can't get your sports bra off and you're thinking oh no will i be stuck like this forever? 
its not that i'm not troubled by mf's performances. i'm more frustrated with the journalistic approach that smuggly assumes it has him squirming but clearly after 2 years rehashing questions, doesn't and is a cut and paste job of a pinned thread from an internet troll. 
we can have tea or coffee and watch the sun set #loveyounohomo 
so far for me, “getting ready” to “go out” in 2018 means changing out of my cute work clothes and into leggings and a big flannel. 
jared haught and kyle conel 
1 last night and stole all my mail. 
people got up in harry’s show and his ass called them out 
couldn’t be more right. i deal with bipolar ii and some weeks are just impossible but you’ve gotta keep fighting. i couldn’t recommend finding a good counselor enough and seeing them here and there to keep yourself on track, it’s a godsend. you’ve got this! 
watch the agenda live here on twitter: wed., mar. 21, 2018: combining human behaviour with medical and economic ana… … 
yeah just over thinking and stressing about shit 
rhythm x revival arrives with new album and victorian launch dates … 
that wasn’t your point. and no, they are not dictatorships because political opponents don’t start disappearing. instead it is reserved for a state of emergency. dictatorships are not equivalent to democracies—even when said democracies declare martial law. 
came back from working and got roasted.... 
screenshot ole boy and accidentally sent it to him instead of iyana 
i wish i had paid more attention in my programming classes. i need to learn and use python 
now i'm going to wake up from a nap and come back to reality and realize tigers are not that good 
a new youtube channel of mifods ): … interesting talks spanning theory, math and statistics! 
tickle my arm / back and make me food and i promise ya babe i’ll love ya forever 
and now i am just going to share all the other gifs i love 
sages improve to 7-0 after beating oakwood 14-3. @ sagesbaseball was led by wileaver who had 4 rbi’s with a double & triple. wittig got the win. he allowed six hits and three runs over four and a third innings, striking out three. #gosages #flythem sages host westville on 
bolton as a war hawk and regular fox commentator was a great critic of our national security apparatus but as its director will be an absolute disaster. for america it's like grenade practice where somebody got mixed up and threw the pin with the grenade still in his hand. 
i haven’t even seen the first episode yet and i’m already voting for @ eurekaohara 
weird power outage in the mailroom and i want itttttttt 
my son turned two yesterday and it’s only now sinking in. he legitimately answers questions, plays jokes and learns things. he’s an amazing little person. no more baby left though. :( 
not good enough and i haven't hung out with many people living in it too 
it's time for the cast live! check out this episode and don't forget to subscribe! 
lost all that money and said nah i'm not doing no more fooley shit. fuck asheboro pd btw...arresting officer was cool but still fuck them folks 
stuck between “i don’t wanna feel that type of hurt again” and “i wanna feel that type of love again” 
new #fiction the ghost and the dragon ella meets server (the painting is in the story) next part tomorrow 
jesus h. christ. it's looking like #brexit is less a political movement and more like a bizarre situationist prank. … 
ok and your proposal for reform is.... 
i watch as my teenager grows into an adult and hope, with all that is good, that he uses the gift of tech to his advantage, and not be ruined by it...there is a line and we need to make ss aware b/c “this” abundant amount of info did not exist years ago @ principal_h #wondertwins 
every comedian in the uk and beyond should be behind #freecountdankula #freedankula and shouting and it from the rooftops. 
aw! you wouldn’t have it any other way really my dad and uncle (identical twins) always used to listen separate pocket radios at springfield, they looked well 
lol— what a shock! your puppet committee says you weren’t guilty, and they blame obama. yawn. btw, so what reward are you giving devin nunes, mr. president? or is he being blackmailed right along with you? 
just got home from nc. went down to get away from the snow. two days after arival it snowed. just my luck, went out and bought a lottery ticket, didn't win with that ether. 
dubstep is like pizza. when its bad you regret the whole situation and wish youd gotten something else. when its good you think its all youll ever need in your life ever again. 
yes! i am internally panicking and the pain hurts but it's pleasurable!! 
like you take a month to fix everything and you a day to say goodbye. that would be perfect. 
you could win the lottery, destroy a series and just pretend that season never happened #dansdead #thingsroseannetaughtme 
direct insults of rural people demonstrating lack of knowledge and awareness- strike 2, descrimination and ignorance. btw, arran is home to excellent whisky, soaps and mustard. woolly jumpers come from the aran islands off the north coast of ireland! 
can we take this time to appreciate our lord and savior @ shalexandej 
we will be watching alot of #ultra20 on #youtube. and watching for updates from #wondercon! it's a full weekend hanging out on the 
sometimes you just have to die a little inside in order to be reborn and rise again as a stronger and wiser version of you. 
on this #nationalpuppyday i hope you'll all remember to spay and neuter your dogs (and cats, bunnies, ect) because there are so many dogs waiting in shelters for loving homes #adoptdontshop 
i think at the end of the day that division was not something that was really fomented by the characters in the movie. there were outside pressures that created that division. and they ultimately want to be back together. 
i should be sleeping but im trying things out and look how fucking cute 
boys night out update: its as silly and therapeutic as i wanted it to be. 
@ lsxyz9 hope your surgery goes well. on an aside, could you check jhin in practice tool? give max items and lvls with last being new rageblade. 1 auto gives more ad than any other item. waveclearing or objective fights give more than 500ad +movespeed from rb. 
3. however, i'm sorry sir, we have bigger problems. we have a system that is failing or has failed and needs to be fixed either by force, fire or blood (pardon the lamguage), or its gonna die pretty soon and the least we'd worry about is human capital development. 
waste the day and spend the night 
and the older black lady was unbothered as fuck 
no stream tonight! was hanging out with an out of town friend, and weve decided to spend more time hanging out and socializing! 
may god bless my son and daughter. 
hi well wishers !!! i received my yali network membership card and am motivated the more to give back to my society. 
other stellar performances by 8ex matteo pigo, @ peter_choat and @ wiawisbike rider gavin freewalt who also dominated some stacked mains! 
it looks so fun and cool!!! also >comrade you grew up with thanks for catering to me 
dude is gritty and is a proven winner. 
me seeing westerners call other westerners 'author-nim' and 'oppa' 
things to remember - be present for each play and make sure your players have a teachable spirit. @ pitmanpride @ pridegirlsbball @ … 
here begineth the lesson. this lesson is called "666-6th seal, 6th trumpet and 6th vial" part 2- i hope you enjoy and learn. father, bless all who follow this lesson with wisdom and understanding in jesus yeshua's precious name. amen 
2) part of the oath to the military is to protect against foreign and domestic threats, which includes our own government. that is why the founding fathers put that into the oath and why we have the 2nd amendment you little sheep. go away & let the wolves do the talking sheep. 
i'm out at a club and couldn't find the primary sources at short notice so i let ellis make my argument for me haha 
feel for oz media today. so quick to attack other sporting nations on the slightest whim. now their cricket side blatantly cheat -including the captain - and try to hide it. i’m sure they’ll rise to the challenge and find a way to make sure it was all south africa’s fault though 
the people in ireland that knew you loved you all along but the rest of the country now loves you as well, please please come back next year. you made this series for me with your true & genuine critique. you educated us in music and girl can you wear glasses 
i could look at this gif all day and never get bored 
i think the overwhelming consensus is that the australian public are fuming and we want accountability. i'm shocked my team would do this but i want heads to roll well i think everyone down here does. 
my boyfriend is korean. his mom remembers walking to school and seeing us soldiers chasing korean children around for “fun”. fuck them. 
what a good start to the period then a disallowed goal trotz yells at his team and poof! 3-1 #capitals obvious that #habs we’re not taken seriously to start that’s what it’s come to. #habs 
ok i am 20 minutes into the new queer eye and i have already decided they are going to fix american masculinity tom was so lonely and now he’s happy 
what’s in 10 days — that’s for me to know and people to find out … 
it's not too late to register for the bgsg field trip in new orleans--black geographies past and present: a visit to the whitney plantation and the black geographies city tour. monday, april 9. promises to be excellent, so sign up now via the aag website! 
come and get mine boy! i’ll be waiting. 
celebrate spring with and @ sweepsdbcom by entering this giveaway for a chance to win $25 amazon gift card or paypal #sweepsdbspring #sweepstakes #giveaway #entertowin 
not every form of release is healthy. and our fandom has a disproportionate tendency to allow and at times outright encourage severely unhealthy or dangerous behaviors. artists like my husband bear the worst of it, getting sexually harassed/threatened several times a week. 
this was very good and i ate both servings of it and i'm going to die 
ok so i just woke up from a two hour nap and i don’t know where anyone is and the sky is an unusual color right now so it feels like i woke up in the twilight zone and i’m very confused 
|| *grabby hands* my baby boy needs him someone who's germs he can grow used to and get excited over new dig sites with … 
6 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
where you are child, you think and dreaming so big and believe that you can make anything! 
and wiseman will reclassify. ooops 
came a long way. we keep working and improving bro 
somewhere your fingerprints remain concrete and it's your face i'm looking for on every street a ladykiller - regulation tattoo 
custom name necklaces pick your favourite font, pick the colour of gold, and you can… 
you are an idiot to bring this up 12 years later and if she gave a shit about her daughter she would not even discuss this. looking for fame with a #pornstar, i hope you lose a lot of business, idiot 
“there’s a simple truth to the morning sun. things don’t change, they just light up. with a frontier mind and a restless heart. girl, you can’t change the way you are.” 
and we could have been cleaning the bathrooms;) 
i’m having mixed feelings again. i walked in on todd and farah snuggling, and they immediately broke apart. they never used to do that. i want todd to feel comfortable around me, not like he has to hide what he feels. #savedirkgently 
my boss just made me roasted in the oven with a lil olive oil and garlic and carrots #yummy - she used the frozen florets 
today is 2018-03-26 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
you know i'm always here and i keep it 110 with you baby, no reason not too 
@ gamblinghurts i personally think it is very easy for people to jump on a bandwagon and claim an addiction or as you said earlier a mental problem but in general is society that messed up? you’ll always find a way to spend your cash. 
author, don't give your character a magic get-out-of-jail ring and spend the rest of the book explaining why it shouldn't be used. i get that it symbolizes avoidance of responsibilities, but it kinda ruins the narrative. 
its also great for condominiums and apartment communities and dorms! 
ohhhh jezzus christ all mighty, what a photo!! the tears and all!!! lighting, juxtaposition!!! oh oh my!! 
i am two pounds away from hitting my first weight loss goal and i am so excited! 
hi everyone!! thank you for joining us tonight as we chat with @ khsavage. i’m your host, and we have almost all of #wattpad4 on deck this evening. @ ldcrichton @ donotmicrowavex @ monicabsanz @ 
now i feel things so deeply and get really empathetic especially when it comes to the people i care about the most. it really fucks up my day sometimes (today for example) 
everyday i see a grown azz man’s booty hole on my tl and i’m tired 
ok i am not religious but a little guilty of a few of those... i believe in knowing & acknowledging love languages, have my apps sorted by color and i also love podcasts 
social change as a platform (scaap) "the nonprofit world will have the potential to enact social change on a scale previously unimagined." people are worth it and its not to late! great article on leveraging platform technology 
i'm only human, and i breed when i fall down. 
update: i got a c+ on the exam and im totally okay with it!!! 
im so mad at myself omg the camera literally almost fell on me and i didnt even know it was my fav,, miles? 
which country, michael? some countries lowered the voting age because they have 3-10 mil people and there are not enough votes for their administration, we are 320 mil. so stop comparing us with other countries. 
fao k oates when we finally get the demise of pat phelan, i really hope there will be a "murder on the orient express" type scene where each character affected by him gets to stab his body whilst uttering a few last words of hate. don't want it over and him forgotten in 1 ep 
31: i've had 1 girlfriend for 3 years, then a boyfriend for about 2 months and then now currently with my amazing boyfriend. 
i recently decided i like food again and now i can’t stop eating 
today is 2018-03-27 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
talking about teams after free agency, and the eagles being #1 is still valid. 
dungeon runs/ redemption and summerset talk! … #suppportsmallstreamers #gaming #twitch 
me being naked and tired after going through the nick jonas tag on tumblr 
watching the spanish dub of kakegurui and i can without a doubt say that the same 6 people have been making the spanish dubs of everything for the past 30 years 
moral of products liability law: lets just take the warning labels off everything and let natural selection sort itself out. 
thank you and god bless you and our country and our president 
amazon crushed it with same day shipping. i needed a projector. ordered last night and got it this morning with plenty of time before meetup. that was super solid. 
why would you go downtown when you could go and get buried in suburban traffic five different times to go to give different big box stores? honestly though, winnipeg could use better park and ride options. focus transit effort on dense areas like downtown rather than suburbia. … 
yea...i’ll watch lol 
i'm an hour late but happy birthday and all the happiness and best wishes in the world to the guy who introduced me to my second ultimate group, mr. jackson wang #kingjacksonday @ got7official 
what! you can only voice an opinion if your'e in the eu and not if you are only treated as part of the eu, by reason of "special relationship". 
@ burgerking indoor playground on a rainy day plus dinner and wifi. i pay $75 a month for 100mbps with @ getspectrum that drops 5-10 times a day. been here an hour and hasn't dropped once. 
i just really wanna go to kopan and get some spicy ramen :( 
watch "dog was thrown into boiling water and thrown off the 4th floor! rescue dog" - 
unbelievable and outrageous! #45 knows the republican well. they are wimps! my mom would say trifling! 
bitch i ain't friendly you didn't fuck with me when i was down bad and i ain't have shit! 
minghao and his love for saturated pics oof 
goodluck to boys volleyball and softball at their scrimmages tomorrow!! 
i used links from credible sources, one a left wing news station and you still refute them. the obama administration gave money to our enemies. that’s a fact. the only argument you have left is to tell me cnn is using fox talking points? pathetic. 
a3: our school uses . they update texts all the time and the kids love it. so relevant! #tcrwp #sbpdchat 
check your notifications from the #foojiapp to continue your entry haven't downloaded the ios app yet? get it now and turn on notifications: 
merry easter to $ avz holders and every 1 else too! … 
these 10 (100% naturally sourced) elements have been molecularly charged through a patent-applied proprietary manufacturing process to positively influence the red blood cells at a molecular level inducing increased osmotic pressure and intra-cellular homeostasis. 
dad who lost son to illegal immigrant blames the media and cali. dems -- and he’s naming names … 
borgstrom and tippit will help solve it 
i haven't gotten to class yet but i'm going to walk in red-eyed and snotty aaaaaaa he deserves so much!! i'm going to.. marathon soon.. 
pursuing a sign language career and totally agree with this! 
when i met john ehle i was a precocious 8th grader recruited to help integrate prep schools in the south. a writer and an activist married to a movie star! i wanted to be just like him! i later learned he was governor terry sanford's go to guy on many progressive fronts. rip. … 
so wait a minute, the part were the mom says she's not getting out the car and the little girl replys, "cause you a girl." so does this proof cops are only harrassing black men? 
i feel like easter is a fake holiday and shouldn't be linked with jesus, cause it legit gets a different date every year 
on plane rides i always catch up on @ westwingweekly and today @ joshmalina and @ hrishihirway got me through some pretty bad turbulence. #bigsponge made me laugh out loud 
#easter #cyberscams to avoid: with easter weekend right around the corner, investigation hotline advises you to be extra cautious and mindful of cyber crime. … 
lol, i took that line in draftkings tonight bc it let me load up everything else, and they've been really good. 
just gave lil smokies a new look. by burning them. and the the smoke alarms went off. in the apartment. #fml #epicfail 
'tv noise/oisin - remember' crushing on shoutdrive and 
and history of segregation absolutely related to concentrations of minorities. however, demographics of urban revivals and gentrification in places also factor. 
you'll be blue if you miss our next sale!!! follow us on instagram, twitter, facebook and online at . #youllbeblue 
it hit 70 and all the africans of silver spring cake out to party lol when is @ straight_sass_ coming so we can party in little ethiopia? 
just the yoyogi shows i think. but osaka and nagoya were during winter break so i wasn’t here. i did manage to have the pleasure of hearing orange though =_= 
i've tried, i don't think they know. only city and county stuff have designated days and times. i love all the $$$$ we are spending airport! 
damn it...and magic johnson was about to tell a great story on the espn broadcast...stupid dp! … 
fortnite with @ ssgelchapo and @ uzzywuzzy_ 
and even though i do periodically partake in it, the levels people push themselves too are wild.... 
quickly find, process, and generate products from landsat 8 imagery webinar: via @ youtube 
or die because you have no finances left. that is my current situation. our government murders tons of people every single day. they know this and they still do it. perhaps they enjoy it? i have no idea. 
sorry it’s long, but you need to hear. when it began, my why was pretty much non-existent. ok, scratch that… it existed but was more along the lines of - “yea, i am in my 40’s and i deserve to be pampered with... … 
and that's a fact cos abort that mission that's a kill 
coffee house and promposals?! such a fun night! psyched for two of our favorite ‘links! @ nchs_ct @ 
are you saying that fucking elvis is not as culturally significant and popular than brittany spears? 
holder your not fooling anyone and people haven't forgotten how shady you are yet..try again 10 yrs and may have a better chance of that happening.. 
remember, they had to move this to a bigger venue and the extra tickets still went, in minutes. … 
i thought that said 455th richest person in the world and then read us. wow. … 
i'm actively ignoring #bluejays twitter tonight. some of y'all need to go have a drink and calm down lol 
i hope trump supporters go and flip some quarters at her !!! she’s trash !!! 
hi @ sp4joelleeyork! thanks for the follow! i just wanted to send you a quick video and say "hi!" 
audience of, basically, an entire brigade of bored paratroopers. so, he drops his pants, shoves them downover his boots, we assume to prevent spatter, and grabs ahold of his chosen rope. one thing i should tell you about this kid is that he is white, i don’t 6/ 
its so pretty. and she looks so happy!! 
sorry for the late post...just saw this. the 29th was actually vietnam veterans day and we did post a few things to recognize that... but a day late... here is the... … 
met a group of people returning from delhi with green thundu. not farmers but we're paid 2000 per head to come and stand in komanam in delhi. (experience from a family member). farmer my foot. this joker's lie will be busted soon. 
the common enemy of all religious disciplines is selfishness of mind. for it is just this which causes ignorance, anger and passion, which are at the root of all the troubles of the world. 
so i posted a few selfies and oscar's mom commented on them saying "my babies beautiful queen." my day has been made. 
dear, libby brownlow 3/30/18 i hope you do not get misguided by the information that comes out of the mouth of this 12 year old 4’8 mexican girl. she has no facts to back it up and is notoriously known for bullying. sincerely, your caring friendly pal kry 
today is 2018-03-30 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
my head really hurts and i should probably sleep but i have had no “me time” today 
how your girl is in the car when she tells you to pick where to eat and you pick wrong. … 
this new anthroprophh biscuit's kicking the fuck out of my living room, another 5 mins and i'll be naked dancing like an excited sniffer dog begging for a tennis ball reward. it's their mental health i worry for though. 
get the best of both products with our flex4life™ system, a comprehensive joint support, mobility, and flexibility system that combines nutrient-rich flex4life capsules with a topical cream. 
@ realmuckmaker @ abigailkjohnso5 i want to see a cover that says who the hell is trump? no pic. and then i never want to see him or his family or hear their names again. this is my easter fart. 
it calculates how well you did compared to teammates and sometimes that lets you skip ranks 
i legitimately don’t think it would be any more immoral to rise up and kill adult male illegal immigrants any more than it would be to shoot an invading army 
avengers: hawkeye and antman finally show up … 
nascar, the nba, and ncaa hoops see a future in esports - venturebeat 
p sure i'm 'robots, algorithms, and computers' and @ freyamarske is 'forgers, scammers, and imposters'. and @ waidr is 'talented animals'. alas i cannot tag @ marissalingen as there is no 'sentient flora', but @ invisibleinkie is definitely 'secret government agencies'. 
fights: 21 wins: 21 anthony joshua is the ibf, wba (super), ibo and wbo heavyweight world champion. #merrybet 
we had a store in jacksonville florida poisoning our community. citizens were being arrested for possession, hospitalized and murdered … 
the classic bounce up and down and yell the lyrics in a hot sweaty room club 
you got a headache from that miserable golf game. whoever invented it is a sadist. rest up and feel better. 
windows device driver developer: windows device driver developer santa clara, ca full time position job description: software engineers who will be responsible for the design, development and integration of device drivers and software on intel mobile… 
i think bert called caleb joseph a "leading lady" and i don't even know & now bert says that's a latroy thing wut. 
i don’t understand why a team would shift on freddie and leave the entire left center field gap wide open 
happy birthday to the dad of all dads and one of my best friends! hope it’s a good one jimbo. love you bro @ 
software engineer: nutanix is hiring developers to build enterprise-grade products around docker and kubernetes. responsibilities: work directly on kubernetes, docker, and several other open source projects. – work on cutting-edge features of kubernetes… 
9 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
moe wagner and jordan poole are not to come off the court 
team lead call transfer: job description what will i be doing? as a team lead call transfer you would be responsible for executing your position’s responsibilities in alignment with our spirit of service culture and driving company success through… 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 9 months (since 1 jul 2009). and you? 
01:59 mostly cloudy and cooler, precipitation possible within 12 hours, possibly heavy at times, windy. 
i see why these names take off. i guess it appeals to the younger audience which rocket leagues viewership has a large majority of. just makes me cringe a little inside when i hear them and i don't think it's good from a professionalism standpoint haha 
>you and ryoji spent time meandering around the city… 
and jimmy buffett just took the stage - peace 
dicky v and sean mcdonough are awful calling this #ncaafinalfour game 
today is 2018-03-31 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
it's been a phenomenal meet at @ fairgroundsnola and i couldn't have asked for two better gentlemen to work alongside. 
here’s a map and here’s a bible, if you lose your way. 
if you have a small business, are you looking for some articles to read about marketing stuff? go to for some easy reading about cool topics like seo, creative pursuits and much more. #read 
@ solomonster i'm really sorry to hear about your beloved mother. i only today saw your tweet. stay strong and we will keep you and your family in our prayers. #mommamonster 
i'm not a fan of vegas but i did do march madness there about 20 years ago and it was a blast. … 
and the saddest fear comes creeping in, that you never loved me or her, or anyone, or anything. 
my face after i used this white girl as a mop last night cause she 1. kept hitting me and bestie with her car door and 2. thought she could throw my phone and get away with it 
01:59 partly cloudy and cooler. 
i’m so done with the whole love triangle thing. they’re about to kiss n i bet the girlfriend is gonna be watching and she’s gonna cry or something 
i checked the futures after china announced the latest tariffs and then told myself: “hey, it could be worse. i could be a bitcoin trader.“ real assets didn’t lose half their value in the last month 
i just entered to win tickets to see 3 doors down, collective soul and soul asylum. 
happy easter to you and your family 
im taking the mrt to school geng and im early :") 
saturation- brockhampton a very surprising album, even with no preconceived ideas of what it would be i was still very taken aback by it all. hard hitting instrumentals that are lasting and memorable and fantastic vocals and lyrics make this a great album. excited for 2&3 8/10 
monday morning hustling shouldn't be a hassle, maria. provide the mobile number, device model, and your exact location via dm so we can check. … 
once you get out of high school, things get so much easier; all the jerks who have no life still have no life and you’ll be out there doing your own thing. 
#deathinparadise season 6 is on @ netflix . what a great weekend i had. between easter bunnies and dinner prep, binge watched @ deathinparadise 
halfway cleaned my room, my whole bed set and all my dirty clothes are washed, got a lil incense lit...i'm ready to have a beautiful week 
false creek-fairview 8.1°c falling slowly • dry and cool with a gentle breeze • barometer steady • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
my son’s school has metal detectors, so giving these kids a freaking clear backpack seems ridiculous to me and insulting to these kids who survived a mass shooting. that’s my 2 cents. 
it is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness. thomas jefferson 
and mine’s a representation of my life 
yep...we got hit in ct also. cleaned a good 5 or so inches off my car mid-morning and a few hours later it was almost gone everywhere else. 
1 minute guys get ready to tweet @ adamlevine @ blakeshelton @ kelly_clarkson and @ aliciakeys durning the 
@ realdonaldtrump needs to grow a pair. is he a flake and can’t answer little tough questions? 
hey @ badweatherbrew are you kid and dog friendly?! 
everybody is in a nasty mood rn and i’m just sitting here eating chips like back tf way from, idk if your shitty vibes or contagious 
an iphone 7 plus hard case keeps my phone ready for daily ups and downs 
win vs atown 8-3. wp- e blucker r neal was 1-3, 3b and 4 rbis a villareal with inside park hr bland,sampson, and campbell all had mulitiple hits. #silverstreaks #focus #dialin 
u14 and u12 jr vreds tryouts begin this sunday april 8th. u14’s from 4-6pm in the rec gym at the currie center. u12’s from 5-7pm in the lb gym. tryouts for these two teams continue on april 10th and 12th. 
wanna give a giant shout out to @ thattechshop for sponsoring me get your computer accessories, grips, chargers, phonecases even stickers use the code headhoncho09 and get 20% off #smallstreamer @ twitchsharers @ twitchshare @ twitch_sharer @ twitchsharer @ retweet_twitch 
healing and protection from familiar spirits from kevin greenfield … 
great work man. it gives me great joy to see ha in 2.0 . i love ha, been following v1x since and now 2.0! i hope we get a much more comprehensive docs website soon as some of ha's tools seem to be hidden. 
it wss the funniest thing ive seen on tv in a long time, i hope its on for another 10 years and i know its already got a 2nd season 
my accountant has a 2015 - 2016 model and it's really sweet. way more room inside then what's listed in motor trend magazines 
possibly what you say is correct. i suppose you could say i’m “christian”, but i don’t practice organized religion, so i can’t really speak to that. i was raised catholic, but saw the treatment of of my mother by the church when she and my dad divorces when i was 14. 
panik and longoria’s home runs not enough, giants lose third straight 
andrew. another flaccid and unimpressive magamoron 
on 03/04/18 at 22:45 the river level was 3.74m and above its typical range. 
it's only due to hindus in majority and other religions too because they are mostly converted from hindus. 
hate the fact that when i get rlly sad i pinch myself because i’m left with little bruises like on my fingers and arms with no explanation when people ask lmao 
no and why is because i can speak for myself. please look into why autistic people dont support them / that campaign … #redinstead #lightitupgold 
what! and the seagulls get off scot-free! no justice! 
now the #larams need to get their edge rusher and i strongly believe @ uchennan_42 would be a great fit in wade phillip’s … 
arrive on a 'uninhabited' island via a tsunami-proof hotel room dragged by a ship, disembark and, if you want, fight virtual dinosaurs in an 'augmented reality game' ...welcome to the future? … 
using kids' lives as bargaining chips for a pointless wall that he promised someone else would pay for... thinking trump is capable of anything more than seat-of-the-pants strategy is just stupid. there's no plan people, every day and action is as surprising to him as it is to us 
i haven’t splurged om makeup in a while. i need new foundation and lash glue but honestly i havent done my makeup since january 
severe thunderstorm warning with a tornado possible issued for butler, edmonson, grayson, hart, and warren counties. additional threats include 70 mph winds and 2 inch hail. seek cover immediately and stay away from windows. #kywx 
and yet the writing just felt resistant to worldbuilding up until the final season. even then, like... metropolis exists? the justice league have headquarters located... somewhere. 
today would have been the 90th birthday of american poet and civil rights activist, maya angelou. google have honored maya angelou with a google doodle, featuring the words of maya angelou, spoken by herself and others she inspired. #mayaangelou #stillirise 
thought this might happen - i had listened to @ literarydisco podcast and they didn’t feel it either, but didn’t want to discourage you from it, i know you like to form your own opinion 
we can't talk about extremist authoritarian sects without challenging the deterioration of much of us evangelicalism into a network of fundamentalist nationalist sects with a political agenda, wrapped in some christian traditions and the american flag. … 
and i don’t respect yours >:u 
because of how ignorant and unaware a lot of politicians are about certain things. 
today is 2018-04-03 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 9 months, 19 days (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
@ lindseynbird i think you and i are moving this way. i think that is why there has been so much “questioning” this year. … 
i'm not in like. big trouble and everyone knows i was gone bit it's never fun 
i have been softblocked by a person i’ve talked to for weeks and i don’t understand why i thought we had something special charot ㅋㅋㅋ 
it’s been so long since i’ve painted my nails a color other than black and i feel so happy 
they were able to spend years together where they have great memories along with a child!! and instead of being bitter they decided to give each other a chance to more happiness even if it’s apart. 
-he knew he needed to talk but he couldn't with her. there were so little that knew about rosa, and even fewer that had met her. but he knew who he needed to talk to and he waited till he was calm enough to be on his own before heading there. 
do they fucking show up anywhere else please. a dad and his son 
i feel lucky to have had the pleasure of meeting you both and looking back on the experience of meeting you guys, the influence definitely shows. thanks for making a fan feel as appreciated by you as you are to them. 
marlena is having a busy day, first val, now abby. love seeing her in doctor mode dishing life advice, diagnosing mental disorders and such. #days 
someone please record this episode that ally is in and upload it to youtube or something after its over bc i'm busy working on a project thx 
people certainly use the words “trump” and “civil rights” in the same sentence fairly often 
half my classes got canceled today and i am grateful wow 
unai emery serial bottler can fuck off. can’t do it with neymar, mbappe and verrati what’s he going to do with bakayoko. think enrique will go to psg because of his connection with neymar. don’t know about bayern, but i thought they’d get julian naglesmann? 
#8: make trouble: standing up, speaking out, and finding the courage to lead--my life story 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 1 month, 11 days (since 22 feb 2013). and you? 
with all due respect jason, since you were in office and left; all i hear and see from you, ..is talk. talking is good when actionability is the motive for these talks but nothing ever results in a positive by the @ gop lot of speakeasy nonsense; upset over the election of 2016? 
mackenzee and i just met an elderly dance couple at goodwill that was on agt, going to be on ellen in august, and tried to recruit us to dance @ cleppy_ 
@ poole_mhs is it too late me for me to enroll in one of the 2021 officers i couldn't go on wednesday because i was too busy and had to re-tale a test 
a little more work balancing this painting of my daughter and her puppy. . . . #landscape… 
how did this get 5 favs and rt, what if i am dying 
3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
dude are you kidding me? keep the pick instead of getting kyrie? when hayward went down we weren’t winning it all anyway. if this team can do what they have done without hayward and now kyrie. i’m sorry let’s see what this team looks like next year with everyone plus another star 
so it snowed today and i officially vow to never live in illinois ever again 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 4 months, 13 days (since 22 nov 2013). and you? 
i feel honored to have been told that i look like lisa bonet, you (alicia keys), kerry washington, aaliyah haughton, have eyes like janet jackson (my mom told me this), and a smile like michael jackson. i might as well be a celebrity, lol. love you alicia 
so conor smashed a bus that khabib was on and the pussy was too scared to step out 
sanitation as a non-drug intervention is a powerful tool for malaria eradication. fighting behavour resistance is as much as important as parasites and vectors resistance. 
only reason conor did that was because bib and his boys tried to punk artem when he was alone. don’t forget conor is from the dublin streets. he rides for his people. 
because #roseanne is back in the news, i dug up the piece i wrote about the launch of her 2011 reality tv show, roseanne's nuts, which slate called "loud, dull, and dumb." what a difference 7 years makes. … 
subby brats recognize each other and i can say jimin's one of ours … 
feel free to shower me in love and affection though 
this really hit me by surprise and i wish it didn’t but it’ll be okay 
01272018 trippy turtle♡ the first and last time i saw @ trutrippyturtle still trying to find… 
salute to stan fishler and stan fishler eating a slice of cake on @ 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 6 apr 2012). and you? 
especially with longer ttk and recovery time, there's just not enough map room with 8 on it to reset and stand even a chance of winning two gunfights in a row. ymmv tho 
far cry 5 pc review - fear and lore in hope county | shacknews... 
@ realdonaldtrump both of these departments are making a mockery of our laws, you can change this. make an open announcement that devin nunes will see rosenstein on any documents unredacted and if he is handed any redacted documents it will cost rosenstein his job immediately 
kennedy curse is for a reason. they earned and deserve it. 
celebrating 5 de mayo - @ llvclub may 2-6, 2018 we still have 2 rooms left for our may 5th event ... what are you waiting for? book today and prepare to meet hedonism in a different way ... llv style!! 
keeping himself sat up, he moved his hands onto astoria's lower back and captured a nipple into his mouth to suck on it. "mhm..." oh, salazar did she feel incredible. the blond did his best to thrust up into her with more vigor, knowing the » 
today is 2018-04-06 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
they had a threesome and she waited for him to wake up! holy shit! 
#discord had a powerful magnet and forced me into a relationship with them. till death do us part. 
i know right! more often than not the female counterpart of the female protagonist has much more chemistry with her, but it’s the bland male lead that makes up the pairing. so many nonsense het pairings are put together and yet the f/f pairing with more chemistry.... 
“basically” meaning he didn’t and you’re spinning a harmless statement. you people have literally no shame. journalism dies at cnn 
yea. that's just it. it's different for everyone, depending on the weapons they own and everything. but hey. do you ever make it to ew's livestreams? 
i didn’t believe you.... you’re known for tormenting me with strange animals and insects... 
oh, i plan on seeing this! i was floored it was even made! with gaffigan and ed helms too? i’m there! 
pop and soda need to be two different categories. in my experience people east of middle america tend to say pop and people west of middle america call it soda.. i call it soda, i was born and raised in arizona. 
i’ve always said this and i can’t imagine it not being true: evgeni malkin has to be one of the last guys you’d want to upset. 
if you pull the coffee "hack" bullshit at a small time coffee shop, the ordering shots over ice and then emptying the half and half into it sincerly fuck you 
we should be quite used to this behavior by now. i am. and, potus’s approval ratings keep climbing. let the sore loser lefties do what they need to do. crybabies all of them. shameful & embarrassing. 
you don't get credit for "shifting the conversation" towards reform and populism if you don't deliver on it when you have all the power in the country. in that case, it simply becomes another lie. 
well said. i'm not perfect, but when it comes to raising my children, it was important for me to parent and not befriend. i don't care about looking cool. i taught my kids to value and respect themselves. if they don't value themselves, there is no way they'll value others. 
sis is gonna wear a nun outfit for tour — and she gunna rip it off during into it … 
and here we have an example of a sick bastard wishing that people and property are severely damaged. all because he has a small dick. fucking state of the left. trump 2020 … 
phillies broadcast talking about @ garysheffield, who doesn't get nearly enough respect for sustained excellence. .304/.411/.551 (153 ops+) with 1,183 bb and only 859 so from 1992-2005. silly numbers. 
black and almas as amazing as it will be ladder match as crazyinv amazing as it will be ciampa gargano !!!!!!! #nxttakeover 
oh i don't mind the mess. i do mind trash thrown around, dirty dishes everywhere and constantly have to talk to them about it. oh, and dirty clothes on bathroom floor ! 
i’m at a 8 year olds birthday party and all the kids are recording and taking selfies with the birthday girl 
when i look at my last tweet and see that someone replied but when i click on it nothing is there. lol damn that shit is annoying why comment if i cant see it. 
speaking of, i also went to meijer to get ibuprofen and guess what i didn’t get 
spaced out. crop top long sleeve muscle ts festival pack (with 777 bandana and glitter included for free) 
i don't turn anything off you see me online and i don't reply your message i don't care. it's just what it is … 
trump's strategy, or youre stupid, or you havent gone back and read real news from when the cabinet was installed. because we've known this fact since the beginning. catch up or shut up. there's only one set of facts. youve just been schooled. 
i can’t convince everyone in this world to look at me with good eyes when i’m literally the good friend that everybody needs but people always going to judge you in every kind of ways and that’s why i’m always quite playing with my video games e.g 
i won 5 achievements in regalia: of men and monarchs - royal edition for 208 #trueachievement 
#np the tearaways @ thetearawaysusa @ radiocandyhits - i dont know and i dont care on @ indie365radio 
so funny with all the $ hit going on people are worried about the 2 t's tits and 
.2 ounces. who cares and w/ shorts. he would've been 155. if he wins he's the champ. … 
race for p.e.a.c.e. to benefit @ teammr8 is tomorrow at bare cove park in hingham! register at bare cove park between 8-8:45am and help spread martin's message of peace and kindness! @franknbcboston 
what about integrity in all this? @ tonyrobbins who's to say they this isn't a confrontation of their soul? as women, we've had it. and, the #metoo movement has empowered beyond women -- to confronting powerful interest groups(nra),injustice, corruption. the people have had it. 
this your obsession with cee c is so obvious. get a life and leave her alone. why are you this bitter? 
you and @ pppiquer we’re tied for the answer :d 
victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to w... … #suntzu #quote #quotes 
if you manage to have your cake and eat it too. don’t go back for seconds. 
<the o epa/dol/blm were creating the biggest land and rights grab in history> the left wants the govt to own the land, not the people. it's as simple as that. the progressive left says you can own it, so long as we can dictate how you use it. 
they changed their un but it’s r/a/plinet they never apologized for this tweet and treat it like a joke whenever people call them out... 
a young couple was called to heaven before they could be married. the disappointed groom took st .peter aside and asked him if it was possible for them to be married. "i'm afraid you'll have to wait," st. peter... … 
tech billionaire elon musk plans hyperloop high-speed acceleration and braking test 
i mean if you can get to one commercial break it’s a miracle. and so many public places has this s?!/ on. 
i think so and idk even know you lmao … 
the future of the jcpoa: implications for the u.s., its allies, and adve... via @ youtube 
i was just like intently staring at my computer scene completely zoned out and my ex walked past and 100% saw me and i'm actually so embarrassed like wtf am i 
filemaker developer: company * one of the largest most successful filemaker consultant firms in the world * known for customer service and professionalism benefits and features * benefit package that includes health, disability and life * 401k * flexible… 
contemplating life and obstructing my view. cats, man. 
watching toby slowly put together the pieces to expose bartlet’s secret is nerve-wracking because you know that if toby can do it, other people will be able to as well and that poses an immense obstacle to any white initiates or a bartlet campaign. s2e18 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 4 months, 16 days (since 22 nov 2013). and you? 
i’ve been in bed all day long and now i have snacks to accompany me and i’m just getting fatter 
i won the have your cake and eat it achievement in the food run (win 10) for 56 #trueachievement 
false creek-fairview 10.5°c steady • humid and cool with a gentle breeze • barometer rising • 6.35mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
i'm not. that was trash. you build her up and that streak up and not only does she lose but she taps??? 
we would love to see you stop by the shop and let us know what you think, you can view these products here! 
and i love the turquoise ring and blue nails you paired with it 
“get paid to drive a jeep” translation •pay a $700 start up fee •$240 every month after that •get 3 people to join and be sure they get 3 people to join •buy a jeep with your $500 jeep bonus (if someone drops out and isnt replaced have fun with ur jeep payment for that month) … 
i listened to an entire segment on newstalk1010 with ryan doyle. the party may contribute but primarily they organize the bus and provide light snacks and water. other than that members of the media pay for the bus. 
i've noticed cameron and his friends are really good at getting things done. so i'm sure he'll finish whatever it is he started to write. not all people can multitask, i know. in fact, some people can do nothing but tweet all day. 
i haven’t eaten dairy in a week and i’m still not in a stable relationship with clear skin and direct career goals isn’t that how this is supposed to work 
today is 2018-04-09 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
yuuri takes his time with opening the box, mumbling to himself as he tries to figure out what it is. he sees a piece of cloth and pulls it out, revealing the front of it and reading. "daddy's little buddy?" he looks at yura with a confused, lopsided smile. "what's going on?" 
a bit difficult and i think they lady needs a brain. trump stated cohen was not working for him which put cohen up the creek without a paddle. … 
in context it was better lmao and dick is waaaaaay too bomb to kill him just yet 
then after coffee netflix and chill? — okay sana kung may netflix account ako eh lol … 
blonde moment ??????? i've said this 14x now and still what? 
shaq use to grab rebounds and go coast to coast 
the owner is amazing and the service is outstanding. 
a concordance is a dunghill: eye-popping and shiftless 
i don't want to be mean but i'm wondering if you are just a hopeless romantic, in love with this idea. mueller is a horrible and wicked man. 
i went to gamestop to check out the diamond select kh figurines and,, they were all so wonky looking,,, they were all on clearance too nobody was buying them. we couldve had something great honestly but it looks like the only worthwhile figures are the $70 bring arts ones 
the nine: us girls had no idea what was so funny ... and here i was thinking i was telling a really funny story … 
you’re conflating "gender identity" with sexual identity; we all subsume psychological archetypes within our gender identities to manifest more emotionally and psychologically stable versions of ourselves. displaying juxtaposed gender identities creates instability for men. 
my baby daddy isn't even going to be in the room, he doesn't want to be and i don't want him to be.. it's strange but i haven't even got a birthing partner yet 
lmao whatever. i'm just keeping tabs on gary and stanton now. crossing my fingers this team wakes up soon. 
you said they had no probable cause but have no way to support that claim, so you deflect to other topics and run away, as expected. bye 
it’s sad seeing and facing the hard truth 
my mama got her taxes and wanna act stingy 
if you guys would ask nicely, then i may answer you.....but you all have been pretty pushy, and rude. a guy called me gay, i was called a bitch by a dog, and a female called me a dick. try being nice. 
i just went and customized them i just gotta get the money 
baby and johnny get me every time 
would assume sanity and the iconic duo (billy kay and peyton royce). 
students and instructors perceive successful learning outcomes differently. students look at grade received, instructors look at what was actually learned. #beavegas 
knights add 2 on an rbi by cale mattingly and an error. 7-3 castle. @ castleathletics 
and the answer is...celebrate! 
“the best way to keep your data out of bad people’s hands on @ facebook is to not put it on facebook at all.” facebook has become a drug an opium drug you are hooked it is not just big brother watching everything you do it is anyone and every one including the russians 
if you love having hoodies and sweatpants magically disappear then having a girlfriend is just for you 
wishing chair – delighting consumers and evoking the nostalgia ‘nani ka ghar’ #poweryourgame 
exciting shit to get numbers and illustrate some shallow shit and it irks me sometimes breaks my heart the drive to do homework 
i'm partial to napoleon's march, and subsequent retreat to russia 
more @ mollieking and @ mayajama on @ bbcr1 is a very good thing indeed! congrats ladies! 
absolutely disgusting. there is no place for scum like this, especially in this city. depriving a living thing, animals of food and water to just die. heartbreaking. 
bout to try and call this lady again. not with the bullshit. please be mature about this. 
what are your dreams for the future — career wise, be a makeup artist. not career wise i wanna meet owen teague and bill skarsgård!! … 
and also the beginning of facebook … 
my district 50 state rep. sara walsh, who worked for congresswoman hartzler and whose husband is still on her federal payroll, also goes wobbly and balks at demanding resignation. 
#5768 facelift without surgery - wendy wilken's finger face toning system uses acupressure and simple massage regimens to rub out lines, wrinkles, and furrows. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 1 month, 18 days (since 22 feb 2013). and you? 
moomoos getting mad at this tweet and calling me sexist when i obviously put two of the most hated groups in here on purpose 
why is jared kushner involved in nafta talks and why is he going to peru to meet with ceo's when he doesn't have a security clearance. @ senategop @ housegop @ … 
new season of #southerncharmsavannah and #sweethome ordered! i really hope my fav @ ashborders is back. congrats @ mizzwelch @ joshwelch_ & #pumps so looking foward to seeing fantastic designs & having some belly 
today is 2018-04-11 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
q4) how can #smbs win customers if they have smaller budgets and less resources than their larger competitors? #smbexperts 
❝ since you bring yourself down... i'll just have to bring you up! ❞ she lifts up shizu and twirls with her. did she make a pun. wow. 
our hgs buddy classes spending time together and making meaningful connections. 
how and what happened when he signed hulk hogan. what did hulk want what did wcw have to give up to get him the hulk hogan signing is what really propelled wcw to main stream 
harry hockings and harrison goddard were two key players for australia u20s last year … 
“walking in favor, working on my assignment” @ corrieshull “it came to pass in those days that jesus came from nazareth of galilee, and was baptized by john in the jordan. and immediately, coming up from the water, he…” … 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 4 months, 19 days (since 22 nov 2013). and you? 
raw cones and basketball >>> 
and the band played on...then exited for more beers thank you for a great night @ shamebanduk at @ 
i played blazblue and i tried to hop more times than i could count lmao 
so the doctors office messaged me back and asked what i cut my finger on and if it needs stitches. i cut it on a dog food can so now i know they will say i need a tetanus shot cause i have no clue when i last had one. do people really keep track of when they last had one 
and then you get to serious matters, like the news media selling the war in iraq- of course saddam has wmds; the experts told us so. the reason i bring this up is because this phenomenon gets applied to, of all people, the video game press. 
i have to be better about praying and not worrying after 
#nowplaying angel_eyes by love_and_theft. listen on stream … #rock 
oh there are people shipping bruce and valkyrie 
so happy james and i got a house in oro valley i’m over the east side lol 
question. when is the jet pack is coming . it’s been 2 months and still nothing 
today is 2018-04-12 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
hi chris, in-market core big ten states will continue to receive btn. this includes illinois, indiana, maryland, michigan, minnesota, new jersey, ohio, pennsylvania and wisconsin. -ken 
justin wilson's issues are far easier to fix. he throws 96 mph and is left-handed. that's a great start. he doesn't even need to have "good" command, it just needs to be better than walking a batter per outing. now, if it's in his head forever, that's a big problem. … 
and? thanks for pointing out we are in for a tory meltdown despite the best efforts of the tory msm/bbc to limit damage 
not to sound too middle-aged dad but arcade fire are the best band in this whole godforsaken universe and that is a fact 
@ niia this video is fire and i cant wait to see you saturday. … 
michael cohen's saga is much funnier and more interesting anyway 
"... allies of the president are worried that the recordings were seized by federal investigators in a raid of cohen's office and residences earlier this week." so, exactly why are allies of the president worried? unless, you know, they are aware that he's guilty as sin. 
park jimin our savior im at work and thank everthing heavenly for your existence … 
i rewarded myself with taco bell yesterday and now i have diarrhea 
i love the "that's not an answer!" stuff. yes it is, you just don't like that answer and want to try to find a way to poke holes in reasons. that nonsense will not change my answer but will p#*& me off 
so who's gonna step up and uhhh love me unconditionally bc someone's gotta 
an elyria man is facing charges of threatening employees and customers at dave and busters. … 
you and me both. to be acknowledged by him would just blow anyone's mind. he is one of my inspirations to try to become an actor. to be able to join him in the ranks of canadian actors would be a dream come true. he totally deserves the deadpool statue without a doubt! 
oh wow...looks simply lovely and amazing! 
this afternoon, we took full advantage of the beautiful weather and did some reading outside!! it was the perfect way to end a busy (but awesome!!) week with my favorite learners!!! 
brudas always working ... night and day day and night !! #generales #blizzymac #blizzymacsauce… 
…when i’m with you, i just get this feeling that i’ll find out how i know you and we’ll become closer… but… for some reason, that makes me want to cry. 
@ pink have a blast in your hometown tonight. must be so amazing to think where you came from and where you are now. thank you for being you. 
what city are u in? i think someone hit a transformer in rowlett at miller and cheisa. 
dating just to fuck? that's unfortunate and unnecessary... 
at least you and all the leafs haters will be happy now 
im done with snowball someone give me a different dog and take snowball i have a swollen bruise on my face bc of that bitch 
7 pm: tornado warning in effect for caldwell (la), grant (la), la salle (la), and winn (la) parishes until 7:45 pm. seek shelter now if you live in these areas!! 
@ realdonaldtrump so why doesnt yours and your daughters companys make your goods here in the good ole usa. your a hypocrite. shamefull for a usa pres. sad!!!!! … 
@ btt_podcast @ mike504saints @ cjhwhodat love when the new patron eps drop the only place in 2018 where you can get wccw covered and covered well all btt fans should def join in #bttarmy 
the capitol republicans made me feel like i and the democrats need this shirt! @ okhouseofreps @repcorywilliams @ emilyvirginok @ claudiaswisher @ walkefor87 @ 
but republicans are all about being pro-life and the sanctity of marriage right? what a corrupt, hypocritical, heinous group of people surround @ realdonaldtrump & his 
i need people around me who are going to always bring me up and keep it real no matter the situation. 
they are examined by a vet before and after the race. as for in training if this was happening they would be investigated, remember the owners paid for these horses and pay the trainers to train them not kill them. 
i visited america. actually i live here. you can answer your door without feeling threatened. just don't open any ups boxes you aren't expecting and you'll be fine. 
to me, the crimes of some at the fbi, the doj and many within the obama administration in general exceed any other crime by far. their treasonous crimes have affected every, single #american and threatened democracy itself. #maga 
"good. i'm glad you're taking a little break, you deserve it. don't work yourself into the ground." he actually laughs at that comment, "well, you know, i'm standing upright and there isn't a hole though me anymore." 
saturday morning⠀ blue sky and sunshine spring feel⠀ chrysalis releases… 
easy to say that he feels relieved to hear that she's doing good so far, a reply text was sent out seconds after : - "i'm glad to hear it, fate; and don't let you that curiosity of yours get the best of you! it's just something nice." 
@ raffdegruttola hi raff how are you and simone and skye doing? i have epilepsy gone 5 years with no fits and no one will give me a job cos of it something to do with health and safety policy, i think it's so wrong what do you think raff ? love your utube videos raff amazing xx 
i have spent all day searching conway and surroundings for homes for our firms qualified buyers! sad to say that there is not much to choose from. folks, listen up! if you have ever even considered... … 
not to mention it's actually hella rude and incredibly insensitive to constantly be making jokes about jisoo being religious. like the whole "jisoos christ" thing? yeah, not funny. it never has been. it's like everyone insists on making a joke out of his beliefs and - 
bashar al assad is alawite muslim. alawites do not observe sharia law. once is was neutralized in syria, christians were finally allowed to worship and open their churches and assad encouraged them. 
"chloe and halle" it must be an honor to work with & for beyonce im envy. 
#inequality this sad case underscores outcomes of numerous studies about black boys and men, and the impact race has upon them in the united states. read the comprehensive "the equality of opportunity project" study: … 
#crewsc and #dcu first half stats. columbus came alive offensively near the end of the first half. still one of the more disappointing performances this team has had over 45 minutes in a 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 10 months (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
read up a bit more about this incident, and @ starbucks needs to fire everyone who worked that shift. 
it's great to learn with and from you and so many great educators here! … 
i was just lit af right now in my car to “poles1469” lmao and i look to my left and these dudes was recording me 
he knows the crimes he and trump have committed. he was "the fixer," and arranged them all, and trump was his only client. it's only a matter of time now while the prosecutors wade through the sludge. probably going to be the title of the his hbo movie, "the fixer." 
it’s gonna be neat when someone horse collars wall and he still can’t get a call 
i won 6 achievements in shantae and the pirate's curse for 105 #trueachievement … 
@gabino_58 so a tree drops and you don't hear it because you don't like trees. mighty convenient --for an **adult**. 
applied at glamorgan uni, norwich and @ dmuleicester for game art. got my offer at dmu whilst out practicing drawing at bristol museum, wasn't expecting to get a reply. 
top new games out this week on switch, ps4, and xbox one -- april 25-21 
it was my mother who kept us alive, when my father, unlike yours, was paying the ultimate price for us, and for you, who now criticize her. if my father chose to return home to be with us, his children and his wife, he would have iredeemably compromised your freedom. 
i liked how hamilton was going to write the smile from vettel's face and how the race played out. also was hopeful for haas 
drop earrings, yellow and blue, glass beaded, swirled marbled, summer jewelry, clip on earrings lever back hook #etsy … 
looking at the dna medical history, it fills in gaps that we adoptees dont have about our natural heritage. something that people raised by family live with and take for granted. this is such a important area, for... … 
more energy also james first quarter is not good, and another coach please 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 8 months (since 16 aug 2011). and you? 
something we wrote about recently... "gut microbiome, health and weight control". read it here: 
i wasn’t broken after life took my son and his father/my boyfriend away from me and i’m not gonna ever be broken no matter how hard people try. 
imagine going to prom in a casket and leaving prom weekend in the same one to be put 6 ft. under 
y’all been saying that since freshman year. i’ve just accepted that i’m ugly and moving on 
shiro walks in on a keith/lance fight right as keith is yelling, “lance, i’m not seeing the emoji movie with you on our first date!” and lance going, “you make sacrifices for love, keith!” and he immediately walks right out. 
god bless him and his family. thank you for your service to our country. 
we just found the cutest house and we’re gonna go look at it tomorrow, i’m sobbing 
it's on amazon and itunes, but i have the dvd. ed the show in 75/76 when i was in grade 8. you? 
and i turned 21 and had beer..... i need to get my prayer on. congrats man!! … 
one of the essential aspect, to keep your makeup looking fresh and clean, is the blush. it helps defining your cheekbones and makes your face looking beautiful, glowing, healthy and youthful. … 
at least obama didn't do it for petty reasons...now our new president is trying to run our country like a business, talk shit like a child about a dictator who has bombs on deck, and acts like he didn't say something problematic 30 secs ago...obama was one of our best presidents~ 
exactly i’m not leaving my iced white mocha and passion tea lemonades w raspberry for one racist employee y’all buggin 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 11 months (since 17 may 2011). and you? 
sorry, what i mean is: drivers are already not supposed to go straight across quinpool from/to vernon/quingate but they still do. how will these other intersections be different if they only have right/left turn only arrows and not physical barriers? 
so entertaining to read the different kinds of comments and gifs … 
@ patasoderlund hey patrick, where do i submit some ideas and information for ea/dice if they listen thanks 
and to make matters worse, the bug bite i thought i had is actually a ganglion cyst caused from overusing my wrist. something basically untreatable. i have to go to an orthopedic doctor to get “evaluated” 
best leaf period of the playoffs so far, and plekanecs best as a leaf for sure. who would have thought a kadriless, komorovless, martinless, leaf squad would be the one to out hit the bruins. #tmltalk #standwitness @ steve_dangle 
underground bases celebrity cloning, breakaway civilizations, zero-point field technology, soul/consciousness transfer, immortality, trauma-based mind-control, genetic engineering, dna activation, time travel, psychology and consciousness, the unveiling 
go follow me on instagram and add me on snapchat!! also tell me your usernames also!! 
agree. times are changing and we need to accept that people are different. and that’s okay. doesn’t make them any less of a person. 
jason where's the link that states social conserv are linked to terrorism...and what about this nutjob in hamilton i've lived in hamilton 20yrs links pls!! 
and i will 
ignore the liars. typical democratic spin. you can tell just how desperate their getting. who cares if he did or didn’t. he’s a lawyer and a damn good one. … 
release it, free your body mind and soul. 
knowing that i could be saving peoples’ lives one day is so amazing to me. the medical field is full of endless opportunities and i’m so excited to see where it takes me! 
the best thing soundcloud ever gave me was friends that thought and enjoyed the same stuff as i did, never had that growing up 
shaves and then asks everyone in voltron to feel 
and they say the avocado on toast is to blame … 
memphis drivers though. grr use blinkers, let people over and out, and please stop riding two inches away from my bumper. it’s scary and frustrating. as if the land mines on highland weren’t enough. 
duniya chahe jo v karo aap show ko vapis law ..purane formet me ...or khud v purane vale kapil ke jaisa karo ...mst sirf comedy ...and u r the best ..all tha best 
the blue and white sky is the limit! 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 10 months, 18 days (since 30 may 2012). and you? 
praying for them all, and kyle 
palestinians defending themselves with stones is so ancient and biblical. so if the jews should cast their modern weapons aside and start stoning back, there'd be a real biblical war on their hands, they know, and palestinians will win the war with loose hands and not cowardly. … 
i got a brazilian wax the other day and it made me feel two ways 
yes, let’s not torture him, just give him a little harmless water boarding and see what he says about his relationship with cohen then! 
one more hour left till the end of my pager shift and then i can bring this damned flipphone back to the clinic and stop checking it incessantly every 4 minutes to make sure i havent missed a page 
still the same for me and i don't have an update 
your girl literally bragged about having the hardest gg choreo sorry if acting all cutie and moving your head and feet around like a princess doesn’t seem hard to jongin 
also i held a baby today and i liked it 
if you're really eager, and want to practice for #nls9, give @ aliaonline a … 
number crunching for the past week - 4 new followers and no unfollowers. stats via 
today seems like a good day to drink wine and embrace mediocrity 
maybe we could convince them to use them as sanctuary sheds for illegals and then notify immigration to come pick them up when they arrive 
news: former first lady #barbarabush was the gracious matriarch of one of america’s true political dynasties. mrs. bush was a force in the family that shaped two presidents and two governors. god’s blessings, godspeed, & rip 
especially bc i haven’t shaved them in a while. twitter has the good tea and i’m not bothered 
a great lady. a rosie. feisty and endearing. rip barbara 
you all. this is how i want to go. if i get to the end and you are still around, come say goodbye and bring a bottle. we will have an toast before i shed this mortal coil. … 
ppl can hardly play the sims with all the cc/gameplay mods they got in they game now, and you expect me to believe they gone be able to connect to another players game seemlessly with that multiplayer mod? tuh. 
check out some of the open source contributions such as , k8s installer, smith, railcar, crashcart, ... all developed under oracle umbrella and used (and even) praised by community. strategy has been changed for a while now 
we have not, and honestly? i am shocked 
kasie anderson and taylor stal each had two rbis as georgetown-ridge farm/chrisman softball beat @ oakhs76 8-4. winning pitcher whitny harper, emma winslow and maddy roach each had one rbi. kelsey blackford had two rbis for the comets and shaelyn turner and shelby acord each had 1 
got music playing between rounds and having fun!! you should come and check it out. stay a while, lets see if see can get some wins. 1 so far today. @ rsg_retweet @ flyrts @ sgh_rts @ shoutgamers @ retweet_twitch @ twitchrtcbot @ small_streamers - watch me 
found a transponder snail! whitebeard and luffy working together to save ace? 
today is 2018-04-18 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
and continue to pursue my career full time 
i saw that too!!! absolutely incredible and inspiring. 
and this is one of the reason why i love this team. … 
i have been on twitter for 9 years and 10 months (since 19 jun 2008). and you? 
one month on our program and this woman is glowing with 
#blackadderbot how lucky you english are to find the toilet so amusing for us, it is a mundane and functional item for you it is... 1/2 
here’s some non-paparazzi photos of daz and her current boo, they’re lowkey cute y’all 
new arrival sneak peek/maravilla is mahhhvelous! these beautiful pieces will sell fast and each… 
oladipo has three fouls and sits down. cavs lead pacers 47-37 with 4:12 to go in the half off a kyle korver 3. 
i'm in 100% agreement, i'll still get it here and there, but when i know no one is depending on me to be on time for anything hahah 
and @ davidhogg111 is a fantastic gun salesman. 
kirb has greatly improved on his craft, writing style and connections for team members in recent years, and his original content shows for it. 
‘in death’ april update brings asynchronous challenge mode and hellishly difficult dungeons what do you think? what do you 
@ bigbrotherca almost a week later and still so pissed about erica’s eviction. ugh! #bbcan6 
nct: we gotta say i love you to the bitches who literally mob us and disrespect us? alright … 
let's also remember that zod was powerless and defenseless and "muh superman" killed him anyway. cavill begged zod not to make him do it, as zod vowed he wouldn't rest until all humans were dead, leaving clark with no choice but to kill zod, which he was horrified at doing. 
i love how the yankees have yet to find a real long term solution to 1b and 2b. production from both positions has been ass since 2014. 
shawn speaking about his anxiety problems and opening up about this situation is so good, because sometimes we don't even know what our idols are going through and it is sucks 
your very welcome and anytime 
you and millions of others are thinking the same thing. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 10 months, 4 days (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
dazed and abused: the cosby story #makeamovieindecent #dazedandconfused 
can i just say instagram is boring without @ damienhaas and @ supershayne stories? come back guys! 
special counsel has indicated he will not charge trump, but issue a report. this will depend on congress and comey just gave a lot of nervous republicans an out and a rally cry. not new but now more relevant. 
and i know i’m being petty, but i’ve also spent a lot on the clothes and things she needed for the 5 days she’d be at the canyon...so i’m a little stressed. 
nnw wind at 3.0 mph gusting to 8.0 barometer 30.270" and rising slowly. temperature 52.7 today's hi 54.3 today's low 35.7 rainfall 0.01" 
so proud of our 300 hurdlers!!! @ gabgeer set a pr with a time of 46.7 seconds taking 6th and @ traversmichaela moving on to regionals with a 2nd place finish! #heart 
hey @epascottpruitt and @ realdonaldtrump -- stop the rollbacks on #cleanercars … 
i feel like cardi b’s interviews are just her and the host going “okuuuurrrrrt” back and forth 
it's sunny in the uk and people don't know what to make of it | euronews … via @ skinnergj 
@ bstategames are we able to claim our new year and ebook gifts? 
ud finna check in and check this anderson guy real quick 
well i used liz in persona but apparently she's not getting in and i hardly played bb that much but i really wanted litchi in bbtag but not looking good there. i want to try ruby because she has testament scythe and a couple of his normals, lol...maybe give orie a shot... 
wow it’s 7:59 and i think i’m drunk 
please my keyboard should choose one english. it does both american and british 
when u accidentally hit caps lock while typing an essay but keep going and then ur just yelling in your essay 
royal wedding 2018: who's been invited to prince harry and meghan markle's nuptials? 
in life you have to realize that what’s done is done and life goes on. grudges aren’t worth the time and effort. accept the apology you never got and get the fuck over it. you will be a lot better off and that’s a promise 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 11 months, 27 days (since 24 apr 2011). and you? 
logic, common sense, and critical thinking are taboo in today's political climate. it's akin to treason for one to engage in any of the above mentioned activities. smh. 
celtic could be full a protestants and a widnae give a fuck couldnae care less wit religion any players are its never bothered me wit religion ma pals wur 
that poster with steve and bucky in the same frame is the reason why blood still pumps around my body 
a 3 year relationship and the man ghosted me while i was at basic training 
like if he were a tiny and growing-up replacement of him 
"and the greatest of these is love". this picture of scott batula and @ coeursports ambassador @ lectie37 (who was involved in a terrible accident in january) almost brought us to 
season rewind my ass, it was a bad season n next year won’t be any better because no top player ain’t coming to play here and still gonna have dumbass hoiberg coaching team which means 50 losses nxt season too. 
travel customer service & administration consultant jobs in england and uk … 
i think the toughest hurdle to overcome in that argument is the fact that he was elected by the electoral college, and he isn’t really accused of cheating them. the remedy for someone who cheated their way to the presidency is impeachment. that’s it. 
so many shows and movies have been ruined for me when they take that route. 
i (ellie) had the feeling of chatting with renee moth, businessman of renee's nuptial and exceptional opportunity and originator of jinger duggar vuolo's hymeneals night-robe. we had a comely debate, and she told me each around her caution creating... 
going live! dcs and car sim mechanic had a baby!! come and check out the demo for 303 squadron tonight. far cry 5 later on. also you can get 500 bits for $0.99 right now! 
and your spelling needs improving 
alex’s senior prom standing next to our 2nd son blake and his senior prom. so proud of these guys. 
verne troyer (mini yo, austin powers) has passed away. depression and suicide should be a major concern. be kind to everyone because we never know what the person is going through. #kindness #depression #suicideawareness 
@ jcolenc is and will forever be the . you can never change my mine. 
metro l.a. offering free bus and train rides on sunday to commemorate earth day 
agree with that. but with belief and intent, you can do just as much damage. the only thing stopping you from showing the world what you can do is coincidence & intent! you have those skills. #unleash 
azerbaijan! congratulations on a fourth straight dtf @ julcypapi! commiserations to belgium and @ ianascoke! 
it was great to be the smartest shithead in my group of parking lot, pot smoking, misfit friends and enemies before i was suddenly thrust into an ecosystem where everyone was smart with years of practice being smart. 
well ... our offense has featured tucker ... and we're only down by 4 ... that's a miracle. 
@ highwaysengland you have closed m621 for new barriers what about new tarmac the pot holes are dangerous, or are the new barriers there incase you hit one and head into them. 
elite playoff 1s and 2s jrue holiday is younger than: steph curry klay thompson chris paul james harden jeff teague jimmy butler kyle lowry demar derozan russell westbrook goran dragic eric bledsoe #playoffrondo #pelicans 
jesus. you go offline for a few hours and you suddenly find yourself back in the 1980s. … 
someone help me decide should i get cute and leave my house again 
whoa jessa.... great bird and the hat is awesome. another awesome hunt for ya!! 
am lo and nafta – big multinational corporate push to support mexican nafta position during critical weekend… 
is it really that hard? if you want to use someone elses character for a story, and the person in question ask what the story is about, is it so hard to provide the person with the information they want? 
at the core of the alt right, abortion and gay rights are the prizes that they want to take back at any cost. the entire evangelical community exists for that one purpose. to eliminate women's health care and to push lgbts under the carpet. … 
yeah it's funny how they all forget tomac dropped back 5 seconds last year to push dungey of the track. tomac rides aggressive at times and the other riders have the right to as well. marvin didn't center punch tomac nor did he try to push off the track. so relax. 
don't let other's bad experiences prevent you from creating your own path. i've had plenty of failure from schooling to losing my special warfare contract when i first joined. i still made it. i'm still striving and hungry. get some motivation in you and try before quitting. 
hot horny girl aubrieandria - are you ready to play with us: live videochat description: come to us and we will seduce you all-night long, we won’t hesitate to give you anything that you need.;)) you will see what we are capable of… private fetish 
guys we need a win...and not just a win but like a assured win...one with no ifs, buts or maybes... 
here's the violent mob that got milo shook and made him fear for his life (just slightly!) … 
i won the power player achievement in ori and the blind forest: definitive edition for 22 #trueachievement … 
haven’t seen age of ultron in awhile and...this movie is a hot mess. characters all over the place, weird sex jokes, hawkeye’s random family. it’s just too much. 
hmm. of all the ferrets i've had in my life i realise aggs is the only one i haven't worn as a hat. too small perhaps, more a fascinator than a hat. and i hear those are now passé? so it could be a question of fashion. the one in my profile image is ptolemy. 3 legs. a tricorne. 
sheneka adams just really looks like she’s living her best caucasian life on ig and i’m loving it. 
when people check my social media for confirmation on things stfu and ask me if you really wanna know … 
ibrah tear means ibrah has and is going mad hehe 
physicists' tests tell when something is a particle or a wave but nothing can be both yet light is sometimes a wave sometimes a stream of particles instantly accelerating to speed of light which is #impossible as it would take 'infinite energy' and take time. but now we know why 
who cares? she’s canadian anyway and probably wanted a spot on celebrity apprentice to reboot her career. … 
i'd second made in the abyss. devilman is a bit artsy and transgressive-for-the-sake-of-being-transgressive for my tastes. can't comment on food wars. 
sounds corny as hell but i genuinely think happiness is tha main goal in life ..like wats the point of anythin if it doesnt lead to bein happy?? u can set goals n accomplish them and do what u want but if yr not content with yr life then ?? ull always feel like ur missin somethin 
i hate sundays. sundays are monday and mondays are monday’s 
omg! your unexpected tweet made my whole week you have to know how much i love you from all of my heart and how i always care about seeing you happy and satisfied i’m always here for you little cute sister and don’t ever be scared tool mana mawgoda 
and why do you think that? 
i misread this as can someone buy me keanu chapstick and i thought keanu reeves had his own brand of chapstick for a minute and i was going to be like uh yeah sure i'll buy you some 
comcast and independence health to partner on new health care platform 
speaking of #sportsbiz it seems @ monsterenergy and @ supercrosslive w #gronk played the ne #patriots media like a now, fans complaining about gronk indecision 
just swung by the esports arena at the luxor in las vegas, where ninja held his event. this place is very cool! it's like a giant mega lan center. you can order food and booze and it's only $25 for the whole day. a bunch of the @ h1z1proleague boys are scrimming here right 
we use both parallel and box squat. is a box that allows the athlete to get to parallel. 
i'm depressed i lost my $40 lashes and i wore them twice 
i hate myself for being a stupid 'coz i fall for some who can never appreciated me and my damn feelings :/ 
i tell you i have a man and you disrespect him and ask for my number again? surprise now you cashapped me $100 and me and him using it to go out ha 
i won 20 achievements in ori and the blind forest: definitive edition for 1099 #trueachievement … 
virgingirlfuckinghot nude and sexystacyvalentine pornmenmake sex chubbysquirtswomensexypicture 
false creek-fairview 18.7°c steady • very dry and comfortable with a gentle breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
i took the "maplestory 2 class quiz" and i am a knight! you should sign up for the closed beta and take the test too to get awesome rewards! #playmaple2 
and people will sleep through the night and not wake up and ck twitter to see what horrors are befalling us. 
she is really beautiful isn’t she? and seems to be a nice person too 
she looks like a vampire and melania or ivanka couldn’t hold a candle to michelle obama. 
chilli and buns instead. what hubby wants, hubby gets. i suppose 
king hiryuu and princess yona ~ 
brianna is always amazing with our guest and now my vp of operations is observing her thank you brianna for you hard work and @ richkissel1 for making my team feel special #chilislove 
#fparetreat18 hats off to retreat chairs kirsten ismail and scott cahan. looking forward to an amazing, inspiring retreat! 
i've represented lots of people & views society hated. i'm proud of my hard work. this type of attack on an attorney for advocating w/in the law is abhorrent. if anyone should know the role of an attorney in our system it is the aclu, and yet... … 
i’m still sitting here in queen elizabeth’s realm. there are other imazighen in france, there are indians and in the british realms ... for the same damn colonial reason. 
desire with the strong assurance, when, along the sky and all the long debate--transparent song. 
i’m gonna be mad if i don’t get this extra credit in ochem bc i know she knows i’m failing and i need this shit 
and i’m not going to a single one.. don’t remind me :( … 
at this time in three weeks i'll be at home in my bed and i can't wait 
say goodbye to color fading and that unwanted yellow! our keratin infusing de-frizz brightening purple shampoo and conditioner combines a special color enhancing formula and other key antioxidants with our keratin protein complex to gently clean and condition hair. 
see, we all need a good hug now and then! @new tripoli, pennsylvania 
and in this case, as the incident did not occur in the usa, it's clearly irrelevant that the perpetrator was not block; that is to say, race did not factor into the decision not to employ violence. … 
awesome day with the future of our country, superintendents, staff and faculty, partnering up with @ americandairyne , @ futp60 , @ nflpa and the @ nfl as we tackle hunger and breakfast after the bell for our youth in school. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 6 months (since 24 oct 2010). and you? 
blocked and reported 
my gallery right now is full joe alwyn memes and bullet journal spreads 
fwiw you two ladies are some of my favorite twitter follows who i’ve never met irl but p sure would totally hang with, and i have a p strict rule on only associating with good people. 
and we know that in all things god works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. romans 8:28 
a solid 4 and a half miles deep into my feels rn over one person thag doesn’t miss me but it’s all gucci lol 
i won the cause and effect achievement in late shift for 25 #trueachievement … 
their leaves too have hope and are upturned top flat 
everything was bad til i heard your voice.. and everything returned bad when you hanged up 
we’ve still got a few sweets boxes and cupcakes available on ubereats! order some up for after… 
did you know chris kelly and adam rudisill all play in the wcu high school hones percussion ensemble 
yes, taxpayers subsidize the forestry industry that includes many alongside jdi. my point was a capital investment by private sector without any public dollars and we need more of the same. 
so who does it fall on braves being completely unprepared against a terrible team and no name pitchers? braves seriously look like they don't care and that this would be a cake walk series. it's pathetic. 
good morning peeps and ..... … 
peter pan and pico de gallo. play planning at chuy’s. #unstoppable 
thank you #workcon18 silver sponsor @ kracorp for providing provide businesses with a trained and reliable #workforce by preparing job-seekers for today’s competitive #workplace & global economy. more kra's innovative solutions > 
i ain't much on fashion noooova. me and rainbow ain't neva been friends … 
we can agree to disagree haha, i see what you are saying and i understand it but its more than the definition of taking. 
that’s the best pr smile and dance!! i mean, who has this much fun working out?! cuesters!! … … 
improving my cooking skills is a must, no way me and my family gone be eating out every night. 
and fabulous 
okay if i can’t get a shawn and troye @then @ dancetous is highkey gonna rise 
and i vacuumed! i love procrastination. i got bad grades but at least my room is clean! 
stagecraft has never made me feel so fucking stupid as it just did. i literally feel like the biggest fucking idiot and it’s all because i don’t know how to use construction tools. this makes me hate theatre. 
how do you stay so cool. i'm such a uncool person always worrying always scared and anxious cramping up i'm not used to having fun or letting go 
interesting to see mac steeves and memo rodriguez down from houston and in the lineup for rgv fc. … 
remember when people were rioting and protesting in baltimore over freddie gray and obama called them “criminals and thugs”? or did y’all just conveniently forget that? 
he got out completely unharmed and they all died and his stasis vest kicked in this weekend... 
intelligent of seasons, and set forth 
either you don't know that dragons aren't real or don't know what a cyborg is either way let your workers unionize and pay them appropriately. … 
yes! the answer is yes! i can, and i do, imagine it. 
conspiracy theory: kanye fell off so much w coloured ppl over the years maybe he’s just tryna rally all the becky’s and billy-joes for his new album sales. yikes 
i must help the papacy! the king of the lombards, desiderius, has betrayed pope adrian i and has started to invade papal states. after the pope sent ambassadors to me, i went down to italy and have pushed the lombards back and i'm beginning my siege on the lombards. 
just retweeted anime girl and now i wait to lose more followers 
let’s see....there’s 4 potential franchise qbs and the jets have the 3rd pick....it cant go wrong for ya right? 
congratulations @ greeceolympia nhs inductees! we're so proud of all you've accomplished and look forward to all you'll do! 
this is why we can't couch events like this with "good people on both sides" comments. racism is an abomination and needs to be condemned unequivocally. … 
i hope not this saturday in dc! how about instead of dancing around and twerking, you just sing and let your background dancers do all the work? 
every industry is becoming more increasingly fast-paced, making deliberate practice a great learning and training tool for the era of disruption! … 
since u been gone is one of the most iconic pop songs of the 21st century and that is a fact … 
i hope all you guys are at the front of the line.....and by all you guys i mean everybody that is at the #tcmff sending love. 
coming up with everyone and make art together (while listening to som jams) 
sam and tara are too cute. honestly my favs, they make this show so worth watching #bachelorinparadiseau 
right it was so embarrassing because i didn’t think i was wearing anything bad and the guy that dress coded me made me feel so dumb 
the draft does not need to be this long. just call the names and let them celebrate 
i have female privilege and i use it rarely 
this hasn’t been one of the best weeks and my granny knows it she know everything including the little insecurities. i ft her and the first thing she says is you are so beautiful i sweat i love that lady with everything in me 
i hate when i go to grip a female employers hand and they basically try to squeeze mine like guys do with one another if i knew you was gona try that i'd have broke your shit lol!!! #jokes 
the great mark donahue. a hero of my youth along with the unser brothers and mert lawill. the first color tv picture i saw was a can-am race. … 
and i’m glad that you’re my friend to 
lord please protect our men and women in blue … 
wednesday well-being & restorative friday well-being: new dates, and now $16 per class! - … 
today is one my college buddies birthday and it amazes me how we use to be in mob class and he would say shay i must work hobson me and so and so gon run up there. look at me boy now! he really up he lol..blessings on your day ali g! 
i'm not particularly sure i like the way it ended... loved the fight between thanos and hulk... among others … 
...and you got me..i use sarcasm to reply to stupidity...thought you were doing the same... 
. @ a4oseries live episode is tomorrow at 5 pm est and we cannot contain our excitement!! #inseparables make sure that you get your vote in for mst president at: ! we hope that you will tune in and tweet along with us for the #a4olive extravaganza. 
funny. after sleeping on it and watching “highlights”, i hate the pick. football is dumb like that. haha 
today is 2018-04-27 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
literally no one uses hotel shampoo. it’s cheap and nasty and just for show. i’m white and it ruins my hair so it’s certainly not for us. maybe it’s dog shampoo? 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 25 days (since 2 apr 2013). and you? 
ayyyy blame it on everyone else and alienate everybody just cause one toxic person is ruining your life 
the real smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and… … 
so again, if you think my tweets are annoying, that’s your problem. just go ahead and unfollow/block me. i really have nothing to lose lol 
it’s so annoying cuz i keep imagining coming home and finding destroyed makeup and clothes and i just can’t 
'abtastic!' i am the king of mediocrity. one of those upper abs looks like an enlarged spleen which just up and moved. … 
i am a tiny blonde girl, but i am trying to spread more love and have less patience for people who tweet at me or dm me and ask me to retweet their pinned tweet. i got 27 such requests today...if you want me to write about? i almost never take requests, so now is 
marlene, just because an individual says something happened 12 years ago, it doesnt mean it did. i accept regardless of the truth this will not be good for anyone but frankly, its not good for this man either. and i am not going to have a long drawn out convo about it. 
every time @ scotthoying sings a run the sun shines a little bit brighter and a flower stands a little bit taller 
can’t wait lads. maybe drop the messi and go with the scottish granit xhaka 
same experience. had two of the new touch bar models and had to constantly had them serviced. move to linux out of necessity to have a working computer. 
#carculture courtesy of @ jalopnik- my beetle and i will be on television so please prepare accordingly … 
hubby @ roosterdebate and wife professional development on a saturday! #edcampkc made it possible. theater and 5th grade don't typically gather for pd after 10+ years teaching, we found a way! 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 1 month, 10 days (since 19 mar 2012). and you? 
love, who can properly explain the way it feels and why it’s willing to wait for that same feeling to be reciprocated … 
lions have one good year against a rodgerless packers and they’re all big and bad now y’all got jokes lions, i’ll give you that. 
your video @ weeklychris made me tear up a bit when you spoke of depression but also opened my eyes. money is powerful and its so easy to abuse its power but i'm glad you've seen the brighter side of things. thank you for opening up and sharing a piece of you. 
i have cooked dinner and talked about dinner for many sports guys. larry bird. reggie miller. peyton manning. drew breezy etc etc 
thank you atlantahavoc and the beautiful havocdancers for allowing me the pleasure to perform… 
since you and anna are best friends i am your friend by default 
i'm going with #connell tonight cuz he's a very fair and good cop so i'm gonna try my luck with him! #9pmroutine 
slow and steady, but eventually the big boys will be taking notice in the near future, god willing … 
she's the one i remember telling you that years back and it holds true still! 
president takes credit for korea talks, then rails against trade deals and justice dept. in campaign-style speech 
me and my man working on it , okurttttt 
i have the perfect travel shoes for your next trip and the best part is, they are giving away 25 pairs! 
can i get a second rpp and fill it with dockless bikeshares? 
the snaps i get from my puppy daddy when i call him stressed and discouraged 
(but seeing how smartly you write, i will want to;i think it'll be a harsh one that'll sting and make me wanna break my promise to shut up.) 
proud mama alert. my baby girl wrote a haiku that earned her $10 and the opportunity to recite it at an award ceremony. her teacher is amazing! thanks ms. levison! … 
did he address the water in flint @ flintleadwater or just the usual hate speech and metrics, pathognomonic for extreme feelings of inadequacy? i expect he is so undone by @ michelleisawolf and her wealth jokes, that trumpf sends her his tax return. 
welding helmet market to witness enhanced demand from agriculture, automotive, aerospace and shipbuilding sectors till 2022 | million insights 
sadly you can't take your ladders and golfballs to #eurovision this … 
women's health expo... samaritans at last in the building... thank you to everyone whom came by our table. all who inquired about home care services, caregiver opportunities, and signed up for our newsletter... — at philadelphia mills … 
ravens, don't forget we have breakfast under the stars tonight. unwind and take a break from studying and grab a bite in the mp from 10:00pm-11:00pm. 
buffy/student while she was a guidance counselor! the ghost story of the harmonsons continues. the third day isn't over and we're at 8. 
me and @markaddison97 have been arguing about this all day. who is hotter? 
#kreepykroy is one of those ppl that thinks he's the smartest guy in the room as most ignorant ppl do. he's handy & crafty but that does not make a genius. all you hear is brielle & ariana say they're controlled by them. treated as babysitters and not prepared for adulthood 
the concession lady kept calling me babe and i tipped her and she smiled so big this whole theatre is full of njce people wow 
if you had to describe your life with a movie title, which would it be? — dazed and confused … 
well, at least they’re pretty. they’re also leading in 5v5 shots, unblocked shots, scoring chances as binned by @ natstattrick, and xg as defined by @ corsicahockey, while even in shots on goal. stay out of the freaking box. 
cnn analyst loses it -- yells 'shut up!' and throws his pen on the floor like a child … via @ dailycaller 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 27 days (since 2 apr 2013). and you? 
important for folks to recognize that the nasty political divide we have today is a byproduct of american culture. culture is upstream: declining social values, disrespect for teachers, institutional expertise and authority - and an attraction to superficial celebrity 
why not pray for the gospel to spread and more disciples of jesus who will follow his way? you're the pope! don't you believe god can handle that prayer request? so you suggest governments play god and impose gun bans on all citizens, good and bad, and take away their liberty? 
hit, stabbed and twisted 
spring is here, and we have some new neighbors. 
lebron went 66-16 with that 2008-09 squad and got washed by the magic. nigga ain’t lead no team to 66 wins by himself. 
sometimes i just imagine al having ig and posting shit but also him having ig and posting aesthetically pleasing photos 
“i can go to 6 and get 4 for 5” 
gets rid of acne, spots, wrinkles & just evens and smooths yr skin 
today is 2018-04-30 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
"calls against calls against calls against [...] calls for press-corps civility are in fact calls for servility, and should be received with contempt." 
*goes back to working out and eating healthy* *really wants cookout* 
#lyft and #uber, sometimes about as reliable as a 30 year old condom. #stoprippingpeopleoffyouaholes 
some irish and scottish in me too. free settlers though. 
sad day for the wild! the state of #utah has approved a permit that allows a helicopter tour company to fly and land in the pristine robbers roost wilderness. the applicant exploited a loophole and gained access to federal wildlands through a small utah owned parcel. 
need to start shopping for my baby shower, gotta get all the decorations and what not 
minefield. m18a1 claymore apms m86 pdms m19 atbms and maybe a wooden fence? #v2 #maxwarrriors #themaxradiobroadcast 
good morning to red velvet and twice only 
i was at the @ rivercats game yesterday, in the legacy club and said, “oh, will smith!” when he was announced. the bartender looked at me smugly and said, “it’s not that will smith” #iknow #sfgiants … 
interesting. you visited the border to see a wall, but not to speak with people seeking asylum from a drug war the cia state and fueled for years. 
both jordan and lebron have had great supporting casts 
cant wait for the movie . looks funny and fun 
if you follow me and i don't follow you, like this tweet so i can find you - i'm a follow-back guy, but also wise to the bots:) 
@ upper_circle we are @ edfringespring and we are hosting a benefit concert very soon featuring some amazing west end stars! 
false creek-fairview 16.7°c steady • dry and cool with a gentle breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
listen i just want to be well enough to eat my damn leftover pupusas and potato pancakes 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 1 month, 28 days (since 4 mar 2013). and you? 
i find them validating and inspiring, actually. … 
stand some ground tell me i ain’t shit and retweet yo shit fo yoself #weakmindedfemales #haveaseatyouaintready 
it’s crazy how you guys were my bestfriends and now being around you makes me so uncomfortable 
it’s time for women to catch up. how a common interview question fuels the gender pay gap (and how to stop it) 
1pp - sale m44 congratulations to the owners of the clip eml/glenholme/aswga/h/534 for achieving a 1pp for their bale of exsupaaafm being offered this week in the elders catalogue. 16.2 micron, 75.4% yld and 42... … 
the only thing i learned in meteorology this semester are conditions that make a tornado and. i'm really hoping this bigass thunderstorm coming our way makes one and fuckn launches me to my death 
@ snoopdogg dancin' with the chief of police and a swat team member. only in republicraft :)) … 
i’ll fall, fake a hip injury and blackmail them into keeping me in return for my silence 
i have good reasons for all the teams i hate, but i really loved the kansas city royals because when i was young i associated them with the wizard of oz and they seemed so far away. it's stupid but there ya go. 
this is an important philosophical question. at what point can we distinguish between "pants" and "not pants"? 
maybe there's a cosmic force, like the speed force, that people like prince and @ janellemonae tap into. a wellspring of power that most of us only touch in moments of pure sincere love for each other. it's wonderful and powerful and i can't stop listening. 
you do you so well. intelligence is so attractive, humor, same. you are self aware and politically compassionate. stay sheppy 
these credits are taking forever and i have to pee so bad!! 
your immensely obsessed with yourself it’s ridiculous go back to your blog and gloat about it … 
the latest price of monero (xmr) is 240.322 usd( 0.07% ). set monero(xmr) price alerts on #sipacoin ) and stay updated with monero price. #xmr 
"trust in the lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight." –proverbs 3:5-6 
#marriedarfirstsite why do the experts say jephte and s. had such a steep curve??ryan was clueless and didn’t seem to care at all. 
i’m very impressed. justice is actually being served this postseason, and i am so here for it. … 
do you ever have one of those mental breakdowns where your dying laughing and sobbing at the same time cause i just had one of those lmao 
and maybe turn on some tunes and have a dance. i'm sorry you will not do it with the effortless groove of onesmo. but your clumsy efforts would have made him smile. 
kanye can explain something as much as he wants, i still wont understand a damn word the moron is trying to say.. literally he tries to make it seem like he knows what hes talking about and its just nonsense in my book 
@ loudobbs you speak for us and our sense of urgency tonight in every word you uttered throughout the entire show. your perseverance and confrontation is what trump needs more of...i.e., his old self. 
1) this is the kind of political games we need to stay away from in #ny21 . it was a mistake for @ adirondackatie to fall into the trap, and @ dylanratigan for doubling down on it. don't feed the trolls. 
sounds a lot better than $4.09 and $3.35 
david yurman cable classic bracelet with pearl and 14k gold 5mm 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 1 month (since 2 apr 2013). and you? 
an angel, the devil, and a witch walked into a bar. the start to a bad joke or an awesome scene of supernatural? … 
what a rude person that was! go away, ninaturner! dragging your great-great-grandparents history of slavery by is not going to help you progress. most societies have been enslaved. mine was and i don't spend my life talking about it. btw, abraham lincoln = republican 
6 yrs ago i cared so much about what ppl thought of me and disappointing someone was my worst fear but now i’m down to do anything. u name it i’ll do it lmao. get fries tattooed on my wrist? ok did it. show my boss my tits ? did it. 
or do you just not remember shit about it and @ kconover and i are the only ones obsessed with it … 
it's national small business week! thanks to every entrepreneur, innovator and employer who helps fuel america's economy #smallbusinessweek … 
seddon - slow traffic inbound buckley street between geelong road and napier street #atn 
he said they won the game and the series, youre worse than the greek economy 
idk what to do tho plus whatever i tweet will blow up and i wont be able to get to everyone and then ill feel bad as always 
im sorry theres literallt so many and im oblivious 
eu: n aguento mais supernatural acaba merdaaaaaaaa sam falando pro dean: and if we die, we'll do that together eu: 
#blackadderbot yes, and i wish he wouldn't do that. it's very difficult to sleep with that sort of thing going on you know. being... 1/2 
watching the @ raptors take on the @ cavs and to be honest, i’ve never seen a top seed in a division this disappointing. it speaks of the strength of teams in the eastern conference. this raptors team won’t even place 4th in the west but they were the top seed in the east 
brah it was so funny like niggas in world od crying over this kanye shit boycotting lls gotta chill it all in his perspective and his way of thinking 
@ presssec it's not enough for you to say you give the best information you have. you need to seek the truth and defend the truth in order to speak it. #thursdaymotivation 
when it comes to the gun lobby - can’t laugh but can and do vote. muting optional you never know who else might be reading and a light might click on for one person that #commonsense gun regulation doesn’t = ban on all guns 
it’s all fun and games till they knock on my door and arrest me, then you’ll be the one who gets a jd note :) 
sorry to hear that. i hope he is ok. the repealers have the neck to say prolife people are agressive!! they are getting so angry now because people see what they are at and no votes increasing as a result. #votenotoabortion. #ref8th #8thref 
u also listen to something once and call it a classic. so i’m sure u don’t 
took a pic to prep being on set for when me and @khariburton_btb are on a real set directing one of these @ 
branford high school at sunset and it's 78.9 f 
arms and abs.... done 
rain, rain, go away! come sing with us on sunday! we’ll see you at greenwich house music school this sunday 5/6 (at 10:30am and 12:30pm) for the perfect rainy day activity our singers can't wait to sing & share their music with you! tickets: 
it’s worth pointing out that lester’s cutter has also declined by about 1.5 mph in velocity this year, and has seen a commensurate jump in slugging by righties 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 8 months, 9 days (since 25 aug 2011). and you? 
lebron is the most under appreciated athlete of all-time and it’s not even close #respectgreatness 
john you are stuck in an old developer proposal to the community paradigm. that is not how co-creation and r&d is done. john brodhead's slide said the next meeting in july would have the initial sketches. there will be more steps after that. 
i’ve been lucky enough to see the show twice and both you ladies are phenomenal (rachel as angelica both times). bringing my mum in oct, can’t wait to see you smash it again 
stop being rude and delete this. you are honestly being so ugly right now 
great talk on trust around airbnb, blablacar, tinder, uber, bitcoins and blockchain. @ anthonyfc 
in that case your comment is irrelevant to my point: i am specifically pointing out that sm has chosen to disregard of yunho and changmin's achievements as well. i consider myself ot5 and do not find your depiction of one such as me correct, therefore it is invalid to me. 
#nowplaying time ft. talib kweli and dion by hi-tek 
lrt i fucking adore smashmaouth and now??? they are gods 
no more love. i don't love anyone i fuck with and no one loves me. i thought i had that all cleared up. but here i am again. don't text me. don't call me. and don't breathe in my fucking face. 
d- did you get the tickets though? and i will! i will make sure to get those tickets! even if i get the standing ones, i don’t care. i want my boys. … 
i’m used to it sometimes other times it catches me off guard and terrifies me 
yesss and it’s the best feeling … 
who had a life of suffering and way more pain? … 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 11 months (since 5 jun 2013). and you? 
however, if le duan did not going around murdering and purging people, he probably would have not had so many enemies. 
exclusive: a former victoria badminton coach charged with historic sexual assault against young boys is out on bail tonight. we will have this story and more vancouver island news live at 5 p.m., watch live: 
toronto wind storm causes power outages, delays, and closures (photos) … 
and so on 
we all offend part life but you guys do chat with people and tweet etc . bottom line if peeps not like it tell them kiss your guys a$$. … 
currently watching hsm3 because hsm1 and hsm2 are not on netflix anymore 
for some odd reason i decided it would be a bright idea to bleach my bathroom at midnight with neat thick bleach and now my eyes are burning! why am i like this 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 2 months (since 4 mar 2013). and you? 
oh no i got in at 4 and work till around 10 haha but yeah i don't think i could read rn 
she blushes, "so, uh, yeah! rest well ok? i'll be here if you need me." she sits on the floor by the bed and starts her biology homework. 
everyone that flips packs ain’t a hustler and every hustler don’t flip packs 
@ coloradomayhem 17u black is a solid unit. beat b&b 11th elite 62-58 and advance in the championship bracket. now 4-0 in the tor tourney. 
@ilovemakonnen5d you dont understand how long it took to get a follow off you ive been staying up everynight since its 1 am over here in the uk love you so so much and thankyou for everything 
sucess in your carrer.... is measured by the amount of money you make and the material possessions you accumulated 
my family is literally playing with empty crushed soda bottles (kinda like hockey with your hands) at the kitchen table and they think its the funniest thing in the world... its not... 
there lies the difference... in the corner, people do not actively seek posts ab other people and spread hate there. the fangs only come out when the bashing is too much. and people always counter with facts. otherwise, it's peaceful fangirling with a tl filled with a pics. 
don't psg because it's horrible and is not a big club in french, a big club in french is marseille @ natodoldan marseille please 
the "smarter" tean won. too predictable, too many tos and dumb plays. talent only takes you so far. 
. @ michaelurie congrats and can't wait to see the production at the kennedy center! … 
call it gay intuition and experience westerns are jobless 
omg yes we have to play together... do u wanna join me and oomfs discord server for fortnite so u can play with us?! 
i think it should be noted that they're down to a celtics squad without kyrie and gordon hayward .... fam . 
kaffy and davido same whatsapp group #headies2018 
she returned the hug with desperation. she missed him, never expected to see him again. "i would have done the same. if it had been you, i would have tried to kill him myself." she wished she could escape that pocket dimension and kill that purple prick. 
it’s 2018 and ppl still don’t know how to take their read receipts off! 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 8 months, 11 days (since 25 aug 2011). and you? 
corpus christi tx usa - insurance inspector - you will identify all hazards or concerns and provide photographs and meas #career #photography #job 
ok so i'm finally diving down the rabbit hole that is the before trilogy and i just hope i like it ok 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 9 days (since 28 apr 2011). and you? 
well @shutuppuhl and i have our picks locked in for #wwebacklash ... unfortunately @ announcerterry isn't here to put the title on the line... next time gadget! next time! 
brilliant by fleury to jump over that puck so it didn't bounce off him and in. i've never seen a goalie do that. 
1 amazing follower in the last day and there will be more tomorrow. growing with 
i kept having this weird reaccuring dream and it all of the sudden was slightly different like last week and since then i haven’t had it again 
a president presides. trump derides anything and everything: people, places, institutions, traditions, the 4th estate and last of all, government itself. 
check us out! today we recorded with a 23-year-old tech star, one of the youngest 1st ads in the dga, and a reporter for entertainment tonight! … 
@ 1061kissfmdfw if you’d like to make @ stephheitman and i’s sunday, you will pay back all/some of our student loans. #makeoursunday 
you did awesome, i can't get enough of the song. i love you and take care 
you never truly realise how alone you are till its 1am and you in your room crying knowing theres noone you could ever talk to about it 
get some rest and sleep well , you deserve it . te quiero mucho! . 
what happens in vegas stays in vegas. what happens in new vegas tho... makes me cry and run like a bitch live with my first play through, lets go! 
don't mind me having an absolute canary at 1am when i realised i have two days to finish work that's realistically gonna take two weeks and also am i actually gonna do that work? no of course i'm not what do you think i am, responsible? 
do they serve chicken and waffles? 
he was pm. and he is we, for all intents & purposes, since he was elected in a fair ballot 
“...it’s all thick and fantastic, kinda like me” . let me tell y’all how much i hate @ olivia_nope also, i mean where is the 
4 new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
alice drive middle school at sunset and it's 79.2 f 
dems need to refuse to engage about hrc because she’s irrelevant now. dems need to stop anointing what was and find new inspiring leadership. dems need another obama. 
also, it's my favorite kind of album: all four star songs from beginning to end. no distracting greatest hits, no bum tracks to skip. just solid and consistent and listeanble all the way through. (see also: the creek drank the cradle, midnite vultures, give up) 
spring is here! make the most of it and you could win a $10,000 visa® prepaid card. #sweepstakes 
i aspire to go to the #metgala and be as casual as blake lively in her *on theme* dressing gown 
nice start claire and lee #jeopardy #teacherstournament 
all we get from you and your trolling friends is hate. we think you are hateful and don't understand how or why you could act the way you do. maybe you should try a new approach because you're failing miserably 
he still looks cute and soft uwu 
y'all fighting over which lightstick is cuter and i can't fight because snsd doesn't have one 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 10 months (since 7 jul 2013). and you? 
i took a bombass nap then woke up and got weiji,,,, today was good 
ken when you’ve too much hair and it wraps itself round your neck and starts choking ye or is that just me 
all the money in the world and kendall jenner can’t be bothered to get her trousers taken up 
that’s literally me i’m just kind of frustrated that i wasn’t able to get tickets for my little sis and i 
false creek-fairview 20.8°c rising • dry and comfortable with a gentle breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
we showed up to the board of governors meeting and delivered compelling speeches. president wilson thanked each speaker and assured us our issues will be looked into. we hops our efforts will compel president’s and provost’s offices to authorize the admim to offer us a fair raise 
i had done it before, then i saw your retweet on my tl and went ‘why did he put hashta-... frick’ undid my retweet and fixed it lol. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 10 days (since 28 apr 2011). and you? 
i'm glad morris embarrassed embiid with that 3-0 gesture. big man needs to burn and learn. philly not ready, even if they win this one for pride. #heretheycome 
y’all we went and bought baby clothes today and i’m dying inside. everything is so small. i don’t know what to do with my hands. 
someone changed my hulu username to miss swan and i can’t even pretend to be mad about it. 
tonight @ literaryarts announces next year’s portland arts & lectures line-up and i’m low-key freaking with anticipation 
for a great low rate you can get online, go to the general and save some time! 
i just saw acuña hit a homerun in person and i’m salivating. 
it's espn game night from 7-9 pm here on 103.3 fm espn. lots of nba playoffs talk and more with @ coopmavs @ iamelf. join in! 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 10 months, 4 days (since 4 jul 2013). and you? 
make sure y'all click the link and go subscribe to our youtube channel!!! #like #share … 
capp oil gas canada with more than $40 billion in annual investments, canada’s oil and natural gas industry is the largest private investor in the country. but canada has fallen behind in global competitiveness and is overshadowed by u.s. production: 
cheer for us roke lokes. *clinks beer glass to you* but if you're broke, and i'm broke. who's flying the gotdam plane. i got fired from my first job mainly had to greet people and clean up their messy crap. my social anxiety shot thru the roof and deep into space. 
liking all the patterns and lines today! #keeponstyling 
even the situations seem really dark and gloomy, if we trust god to take care of the circumstances, he will bring us to the other side with joy and hope. good morning :-) 
go read up on henry mayhew and how most of the people he interviewed held that the free market was great if you had the money but only depressed wages of those who's rents made it impossible to compete with cheap labour imported from abroad. 
hypothetically speaking, next guy i'm with gotta be in the gym on the regular. not even because i like big guys, i just want someone who likes working out as much as i do..... and can put me on to some new workouts 
well thats good news. i wont have to rush then! ill just wait till other things of it come out. hopefully they'll be still delivered and i wont have to go to a con. ; n ; i cant afford to go to one yet. 
cardio and a killer arm workout @ goldsgym 
wow and to think @ jillmurff went from the hood tagging money over bitches on boards to graduating college tomorrow...what a rags to riches 
sorry if you have me added on steam and just got like seven notifications that i joined seven different george lopez groups 
that guy is just hating. lebron is 1st in career playoff points 7th in rebounds and 3rd in assists. he’s great at everything 
not crying because he was a bad kid. because he is not. crying because for a second i felt like i was i had a bad child due to everyone’s stares and etc. 
everyone in europe knows, that iran is not to conquer: large mountains, desserts, vast beautiful and fruitful areas. 90 mill. inhabitants, 4000 years of culture not accepting conquerors. don‘t worry. 
it was going ok and then he just had the worst flare-up the past few days so we're still trying to figure it out :/ 
apparently my grandma and i tire out the little one @renton,… … 
#totd what if we still dressed this way? looks elegant and kagalang… … 
one time @ shrlck_lam was trying to come up with a cantonese version of “that’s what she said” except in cantonese there’s no gendered pronoun so he came up with “that’s what [they] said last night” (佢噚晚都係咁講) and i still think it’s brilliant 
drop your fries and someone in your girls thighs 
teeth and eyes … 
i was obsessed with zodiac for years. and then i got friends hooked on his story. yesterday’s crimes: dna profiles and the murderers who might be zodiac - … 
a fan was really nervous to say something to sebastian so he went to go hug her and look at the way he hugged her my heart is so full!!!! 
i got to meet my idol @ christrapper 3 years ago in columbus and it was rad! super nice and funny guy! 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 10 months, 5 days (since 4 jul 2013). and you? 
probably go there and pick it up 
stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and no unfollowers :) via . 
i hire guys straight outta prison and i tell em exactly what reggie told me. i love every person that walks through my door. nobody can change yesterday. 
i got zayn and louis fighting! … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist two jackson brothers randy and jermaine have kids with same 
me and you 
i don’t do wash and gos anymore. it’s too much 
i had a dream last night that i worked for dunder mifflin and kissed jim. i will never be sleeping again bc no dream will ever compare. that is all 
when can i look at my stocks again and not cry 
wind ensemble and symphonic band concert @principalwths @ 
the last episode #greysanatomy before the season finale @ greysabc and sometimes even heroes need saving on #station19 @ station19 by @ byshondaland @ shondarhimes @ sarahdrew #tgit #weloveaprilkepner 
empress catja. my eldest baby (18 yrs old). found her in my parent's garage when i was home on leave. she was eating birdseed from a bag and weighed less than a pound. very first animal companion of my own. she's a firecracker but so snuggly. we curl up together every night. 
prosecutors, extortion, and bribery #bribery #extortion #robertmueller … 
aercap $ aer hits new 1-year high and low at $55.93 
imma meet a girl, get good feelings, take her to st thomas and if she don’t complain about the heat nor mosquitoes, she’s the one 
i want to talk about ancient jewish, and roman citizen, historian,… … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 2 months, 14 days (since 25 feb 2012). and you? 
"we support america, damn it. stand for the flag or get out" meanwhile, they shit all over the flag code and call it patriotism, lmao... 
what if i go to europe tho i'll be meeting url ppl and that's my entire itinerary 
i hate everyone and i@deactivating my twitter if anyone needs me i’ll be setting fire to the fox building 
rally august 18-19 2018 from 9 am to 1 pm please come and help save canada from trudeau. rally in ottawa parlamint hill!!!!canadian voice party!!media!!!lilyana!!!god harper!! !!!leader canadian voice party!!~ !!canadian patriot!!!no mistake!!!!peace!!or war!! share! 
made a couple of good saves but the short misses really derail what could be great rounds for tiger. hopefully it all comes together tomorow and he can get into contention ahead of the weekend. 
they would be a great dark horse win!!! i agree, they clearly love what they do. what really got me in the nf was the engagement with the audience and the audience's energy and excitement, wow! although, it looked more tame in the arena, or was that just the camera angles? 
but missed a 3 with 1:41 to put them up 7 and ice that thing perspective sir perspective 
naughtymatches - find people, socialize, hookup and chat. 
tundran kicking off an awesome furdu 2018. photo taken just before mini golf. suit made by @ tmcfursuits and owned by me, but worn by my partner kody for the du. 
me and @ reynanerz when she walked into work & seen me back @the mill missed my 
learned a new trick today, and called the landing too. private… … 
11 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
hey kirstin, some people got them through attending me sessions at conferences and then i sent a little pack out to someone else who had nail file fomo - which it sounds like you have?! if you'd like one dm me and we'll see what we can do. ^bec 
thank you for your service and that of your wife's also. … 
i think people who follow us sweetheart know how much and how often and passionately we make crepes together! 
i'm too old for this shit. this is why i keep to myself and not bother with people. 
hi, you have good taste. let's be friends and talk about all the banging ships we have to choose from. 
look bro. like i said, not finna swerve for a squirrel.. both wheels on its head. it had time to run either way but it got shook and froze. 
...and i bet they never imagined they’d have such wiling accomplices from the media and half the us population. idiots. we read every one of the 3,517 facebook ads bought by russians. their dominant strategy: sowing racial discord via @ usatoday 
followed all patriots and retweeted #maga2018 
#fridayreads pick up the #scifi novel strand! you'll love it! … #amazoncart #kindle book 2 available now ! it got its first review and its 5 stars! 
uncle flood comes from abrupt rain pattern and this rain is out of storm. 
watching baseball and doing laundry on a friday night. because i'm awesome. 
i'm actually livid that the cw passed on #waywardsisters. i thought it was already a go. and i was looking forward to it. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 8 months, 17 days (since 25 aug 2011). and you? 
then the first game better end in about a minute and a half. … 
@prince #2: but if u do, and if u record it, and then put it on youtube 4 me, then i'll be very very grateful.... (; (; 
oladeji matthew!!! more life, more money, good health and peace i pray thee fam … 
let’s just all take a moment and appreciate his beauty. 
idk what happened to my finger but it’s still swollen and angry and refuses to tell me what’s wrong it actually hurts 
overall just really smart. they aren’t your typical boy band. they are also all visuals. sure, you can pass it off as “good look so what?” but staying fit and retaining stamina (especially to sing and dance at the same time) is really hard. their workout schedule and training++ 
he is soft and beautiful and cares about his friends and volleyball more than people give him credit for i love him very much 
i like it. i always use flatwound strings and, when i need a real upright sound, a sponge mute at the bridge 
and what i really meant to say was, i’m not attracted to all white men. it’s only a select few. i prefer black over white. or hispanic over white. that’s just my taste. i’m not objectifying anything. 
i, myself, am strange and unusual. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 4 months, 2 days (since 9 jan 2014). and you? 
i don't get the tix and realize the show is on a weekday lmao 
anyway wildcard palestine into the competition next year. i want israel and palestine to be able to bond over destroying the uk at music 
when the sun and wind give you the perfect formula for an amazing… … 
lock and load--ready to rock and roll. just give the word. … 
agreed. losing the election doesnt mean that bn should stop and quit. sometimes losing just means they need to realize everything they have done wrong and change for a better future … 
no, look at what she did before. by the he looks of it she was surprised that she even hit him. the kicking the gun away is commonly seen in media. i think she just got lucky, hopefully she'll review the video and take it as a training opportunity on where she could be better. 
good night my dear chelo and happy dreams 
this is making me insane: gratuitous cruelty for profit. and there are more ethical practices that create profit. … 
and also this one from @ blondieofficial too that not many people know because it is i think unreleased in a record or too rare, but only played live in shows such as this … 
congrats to former hornets’s @ benbrabender & @ brarey_32 and the rest of the @tmcsaints winning the 2018 pac championship. #cincyhornets #webuildchampions 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 11 months (since 13 jun 2013). and you? 
seriously though i miss when eurovision was splatterd everywhere. i honestly would have been obvious it was on had i not seen an ad for it this week. and i mean just the one reminder it was o n twitter step your game up 
well let’s try to get the other #teamjamko family on board. tag and retweet my first post. 
had a wonderful day at the #hafengeburtstag in #hamburg :) firework, soap bubbles, baileys and nice music xd 
y’all got the money for that basketball season for me to come over tomorrow and get my hair cut 
all opinions have value. when you are unsure of what to do, ask the advice of someone you don't respect and do the opposite. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 10 months, 9 days (since 4 jul 2013). and you? 
beyond blessed with such amazing friends and family 
me and @ notamendi30 are members of the club! are you? … 
happy mother’s day to all of the moms with only consonants for initials and only them! #mothersday 
she's pretty and says things that a sizable portion of people want to be true. modern politics isn't about facts or truth. it's about narratives. the "immigrants are lazy and entitled" narrative helps people justify their racist thoughts. 
so the republican candidate's campaign staff is not allowed to meet with the ambassador to qatar? as far as him later controlling qia, that is fairly regular. several of obama administration came from investment world. and have returned to it since. 
i’ve been on the same stuff and you’ve been on that new shit 
— of regina, henry has grown into a considerate, mindful and intelligent young man. happy mother’s day, @ _madamemayor. i’m in awe of you. thank you for raising our son. thank you for being henry’s best chance. thank you for guiding me whenever i lose my own parental 
lee hyori and yoona express gratitude for one another on “hyori’s homestay 2” 
he is a reform party member and will realize it soon enough. to answer your question, of course not. 
just so everyone knows and so y’all can hold me accountable and so can i, ryan and i broke up. and this time we won’t be getting back together until something shifts, and i won’t get together with him until i can see that shift. i won’t. this won’t be a 2 day thing again. 
aww, man, killer sculpey...is nothing sacred? 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 20 days (since 24 apr 2011). and you? 
yes pippen is and love is a perennial all star even with mebron actively working to diminish him 
generally people and in particular, this rubabe, are jealous of me 
chipsy, named by her first owner, but she also responds to foxy, and literally any name that ends with y. 
i’ve actually never done this before but let me try something new. retweet this tweet for a chance to get this upcoming week for free. i have won 5 weeks straight and going for the sixth straight week next week 
when the men and the house knows what makes you tick! great mother’s… … 
i finally took some more ibuprofen after shuffling around in agony all day and i feel like a civil war soldier who just got their first hit of morphine 
we're going with #evilgenius and a bottle of pinot noir tonight in case any ladies are looking to fall in love #truecrimetruelove 
30 seconds into @brooklyn99fox and laughing my ass off already 
it’s a simple design. they have a tab for listen now, library, browse and search. what more do you want? lol which app do you use? 
“jesus said to him, ‘go; your son will live.’ the man believed the word that jesus spoke to him and went on his way.” (john 4:50). there was no magic “poof”. there was no spectacle. there was nothing but jesus’ words “your son will live.” yet the man believed the word of jesus. 
if i love you, give you my time, and make you number 1, consider yourself lucky cuz this loyal chick will always ride for you. if you backstab me or hurt me, consider it misfortunate, cuz you just lost a real one. 
like vinegar to the teeth and smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to those who send him. proverbs 10:26 - … 
and as you said they were soliciting white house leaks...again in the most leaking administration in the history of the county wikileaks got nothing? not a single leaker sent them anything despite being whistle-blower central? or maybe they did and are deciding to sit on it? 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 5 years (since 15 may 2013). and you? 
#thesarahwestgalleryoffineart is honored to announce the return of fine art classes to participating local schools during the next school year 2018-2019, at #wacoochee and @ wsseschool @ leecoschools @ smithsstational 
there is god? there god i believe yet what to believe i don't know today standard,, god give great to perfect freedom,,, and does not need a person to say thank you god,, i wonder his sign, do not disturb on vacation forever... seem an inevitability and an authority did existence 
we need to make sure it’s perfect, no mistakes and it’s good enough to make u understand what u did wrong … 
@ richardengel for years i was a fan and thought highly of your work; i was naive enough to think of you as an honest professional. the election of @ realdonaldtrump outed you as a propagandist of the worse order. too bad. thanks to @ potus you’ve shown your true colours. 
update: his family won the game, $40,000+, and the car at the end....how 
thank you for making me strong thank you for giving me purpose thank you for always making me feel safe thank you for saving me thankyou for your love and dedication thank youfor being my safe place thank you for being there for me through everything thank you for being my home 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 2 months (since 15 feb 2014). and you? 
prez needs to pull up in a black rolls royce like vince macmahon and come out in a suit 
the criteria you enumerated seem arbitrary and nebulous ("thoughts") and can be reworked until almost anyone can be disqualified from the status of personhood. why not make things simple and use person as a synonym for human being? 
my child is in here literally cleaning! he’s moping, wiping counters off, vacuuming! right now he’s in the bathroom cleaning the sink and tub i love him 
for athletes: posture can be difference between winning and a play-ending injury. #posturemonth #realignyourthinking 
@ tylerjessica i just want no drama and a good royal wedding! is that too much to ask?? 
concerns mentioned tonight: recreation, transportation and a larger slice of the pie. in particular, several have advocated for a spot on fields road, where they say the city should put a planned athletic complex. … 
happiest bday to my baby girl @ angelaytbl u know how grateful i am to have you. i miss our random convo. always remember u got me in all ways, i love and miss u! see you on sat, wait for my long message within the day. enjoy --cant find our latest pic 
#blackadderbot i'll just have to sit this one out on the touchline with the half-time oranges and the fat wheezy boys with a note... 1/2 
"oh i'll just hit a fly ball here and get the run in." -spectators 
why is it that when men walk into a room they only acknowledge other men? women, let’s start walking into the room and only aknowledge each other first, praise each other’s work, and welcome each other into the conversation. #strongwomenlifteachotherup 
#ca45 has done great under @ repmimiwalters and america has done great under @ realdonaldtrump, linking them together doesn't make me dislike her. it makes me like her more. we don't want to be a sanctuary city/state and we want to #buildthewall 
allyuh know i doh fraid. so why did she attack doubles. why did she not talk about bake and shark, hot dog, burgers. corn soup? why did she attack the indian? is she really addressing the issue? is her suggestion... … 
how taehyung update .. open @ shawnmendes 's profile, and tweet for him . 
i drew cherry blossom cookie out of boredom and she's so damn cute 
you support a bunch of people who like to chill with holocaust deniers and neo-nazis in secret facebook groups, so... yeah... not at all surprised! 
try red colour #wedding organza #fabric decor (w: 28 inches | l: 216 inches) for your #craft works which give you soft, smooth and mild finish that attracts your #guests on special occasions. 
that is right on the mark. no way to live without a cup of java every noon and high noon. no mornings in sight. night owls never irse too early. i must set the alarm for tomorrow. another day in paradise! 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 1 month (since 16 apr 2010). and you? 
so truth is inherently un-american? weird. all of those people lying with their hands on a bible. “i swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help me god”. sounds rather putinesque. 
@ rollahsbaseball will host the next round on tuesday at home. with this win, @ rollahsad boys teams have won districts in football, basketball, and baseball. 
i can't believe you're at all serious. really? you really think small children should be taken to a demonstration known to be a violent one in advance? and you make a really crud attempt to drag in empowerment with it? 
and i thank god i’m married to a painter.. saved us soooooo much money... … 
i’m currently in class and i thought it was a good idea to watch the bts fake love second teaser. me rn: 
i’m already restricting my meal plan so much and my parents don’t know...fuck 
so honestly, i was just a broken hot mess lol. and i began to realize that he loved me in spite of my mess but not only that, allowed me to use my mess as a message for others. … 
my grandpa went to where my dad keeps his vodka, poured himself a shot and went to the bathroom to take it so my grandma doesn’t see 
i am excited and worried 
i believe you that if this rule were perfectly followed and enforceable, it would get rid of wobbling. my qualm is that i don't believe it is enforceable enough and requires too much in the way of extra logistics in order to do so. 
if you still have any doubt that trump and all of his supporters are racists... you are a racist too!!! 
i’ll still go outta my way and be like i’m here … 
new post (real casino online for real money | play free casino games) has been published on free casino bonuses and no deposit bonus offers - 
a story of survival, and the love for a woman that motivates a man to change his life. dangerous perceptions: unintended consequences by exciting author @ stuartm44548951 
stats for the week have arrived. 2 new followers and no unfollowers :) via . 
first time having noodles and company and they actually are bomb 
brown you lie soooooooo much you won’t know the truth if it hit you in the face. you should be in jail for what your doing to ca. and the united states of america. 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 6 months, 8 days (since 7 nov 2009). and you? 
25 plus years at cmc. who would of thunk it . got to spend a night with helen britt-mcgee 20 yrs kathleen decarlo 20 yrs and elizabeth pascale digeronimo 30 yrs. congrats to us 
running! and he should have the decency to sacrifice himself for a friend. 
in which i show that, pace robert jeffress, both mormons and baptists have a history of being on the wrong side of “the historical position of christianity” and therefore ought to make common cause against religious bigotry. … 
dither, dither, dither. this can’t be that hard. buy the coliseum land from the joint powers, develop it, and build the damned stadium 
#newsletter: acc conference, film contest, and safe counseling - 
brilliant cover and very important issue! … 
breath in and out i really need it #supernatural 
lose that word from your vocabulary. it's vulgar and derogatory 
in jesus name no weapon and no one is able to defeat you 
this is what i love about our @ whitehouse & the @ realdonaldtrump administration - there's a time for work and some time for fun. good people doing a great job. little things like this connect with the people. #covfefewillneverdie … 
if anyone could run one and get away with it would be her 
imagine meeting jungkook and he’s looking u right in ur eyes,, that’s so goodt shit 
haberman: leaks have vexed the president … shows how stupid these people really are: what was said about a national hero and all they are worried about is it was leaked. trump is poor excuse for a real man! 
and don't take that for granted 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 1 month (since 18 apr 2012). and you? 
i used be hella mad when i was a kid and my parents would call me by my brothers name but now as a parent of two dogs, i understand that struggle of mixing up names. 
its wierd, cause there was a day that you existed, and there was a day you werent here. just like that. i understand your will to leave, and im upset that i understand that. and now the world is a crappier place cause you are not here 
ummm... the thompson’s and motleys have always been cousins . that’s a known fact around yorktown . 
/butts in/ like malak i love u and i respect wtv you go with but we already don’t have them irl 
that nigga finally got to act smarter then the guests and he gone lie bout that bullshit 
my sister got picked to be in the raffle for mchs and i’m so fucking proud of her ahhhh, she nailed the essay and interview,,, my fav weenie 
i know i'm annoying but please comment something for my friend and while your at it rt to vote @ bts_twt #mtvbrkpopbts #mtvlakpopbts … 
i won’t fall and you won’t have me trippin 
a service dog came in to my work today and i literally bursted in to tears for like 20 mins cause i just wanted to pet him but i know i’m not allowed 
was i supposed to sit there and......listen? 
it’s the night before prom and i’m still as fat and ugly as i was 4 months ago. @god you got 12 hours to work your magic buddy 
tbh them turn ups can wait, i got money to chase and i can’t do that being all in the mix. never see me out in person cuz i live in my work place 
i personally like apu and ned... lol 
@ chrisdanielshow best convict : eddie murphy in 48 hours same with duo eddie murphy and nick nolte ray liotta movie something wild. 
i'd honestly be happy if all of this story is just gideons hallucinations as kozilek disassembles and then reassembles him and other gatewatchers at ruins of zendikar for laughs. 
good things in the buff riku spinners and could use your help, take a look an... 
have you ever tried wearing a genuine baltic sea amber bracelet? i started wearing one after reading it helps with anxiety, and i haven't felt any anxiety since wearing it. 
and just like that, it is all put away. #storage… … 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 5 years (since 19 may 2013). and you? 
this appeared to have been main goal. thing is, obama's orders may have been reversed, but the awakening he stirred still grows. and while attempts to squash bezos, we are amassing. … 
they have mandatory mental health checks before you can carry a weapon in public. you have to prove that you know how to properly use a weapon in every facet before you can carry in public. and only a small percentage of citizens ever get that license. 
cancer policy news roundup: nccs' weekly roundup of policy news affecting the cancer community. topics: drug pricing plan, 2019 premium increases, short-term plans, medicare mulls covering gene therapies, and more. 
“bringing up baby” and popcorn. see y’all on the other side of the weekend. 
i hope the weather will serve soon and akita people will enjoy full harvest... … 
@ vp seriously. until you, your boss, ted and fox news stops taking money from the nra - your petty comments, incredibly hypocritical "christian" beliefs, show your true sides. you are criminals. sad 
super excited to be a contributing author and… … 
always wondered what the hype was about milk and honey. got the book tonight & im almost done every girl should read this, it’s amazing 
fuck off and die. 
america doesn’t have a gun problem it has a sin problem. return to the lord and we’ll see less of this behavior 
"hurry. i think the gospel choir is about to sing. i just know they are going to break out and do the wobble. 
super proud of @ the_polish_dawg for graduating with associates of science degree from @ wwcc_mustangs while wrestling for @ wwcc_wrestling . two more years and you’ll be an electrical engineer! #wwccwrestling #wwcc2018 
so since my mom said the concert ticket was a birthday and christmas gift she got one for herself to go with me and now she doesn't want ga and my heart is just- 
it’s 7:59 on a saturday and i’m lit 
shoutout to richard long and white phoenix style llc for inviting me to xtreme knockout tonight — at gas monkey bar n' grill & gas monkey live … 
minthorn lays down the bunt and it leads to a run from reece on a tv throwing error to make it 5-1 tl in the bottom of the sixth. 
this is the part of sports i hate. the excessiveness of the behavior of some. while it’s all fun and games watching bills mafia go apeshit on nfl sundays, threatening the life of another is horseshit. i’m sorry that happened. did you file a report? 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 5 months (since 20 nov 2011). and you? 
8am sunday hk hangover requires egg and chips, posh tip: use sea salt, add jalapenos. don't spare the brown sauce! 
yes you want to see people suffer and have less healthcare less protection. but more fortune for them … 
and as usual, heres 2017's and 2016's just for comparison,, ;; the power of an amazing muse and source of inspiration is really incredible, haha 
@ charliekirk11 hey asshole, i saw your article on @ thehill and i just wanna say fuck you to your virtual conservative face bc wtf: “many of which are average americans that put their life savings and retirement funds in these bonds” 
there was this one time when christina marie announced her no filter tour and i waited for the tour dates to come out.... then realized albuquerque wasn’t on the list.... so i can’t meet her this summer 
it’s only fitting that i end up with a horrible migraine today. guess i’ll just go to bed and ignore the world for awhile 
just shut up. you and the rest of his supporters know that he committed treason but then you blame obama and hillary for doing nothing. 
what? im 5'10" and weigh less than 150, and youre gonna call me fat? dont even make sense dog 
he traded fournette for mixon and dj moore right after that too. thats a pretty fair trade but im one of the few mixon pessimists so i thought it was funny 
repost from a_cat_and_a_gat my… … 
how can i block any and all h*rry p*tter related content from my facebook timeline omg 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 8 months, 1 day (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
taehyung better be getting them modeling contracts and offers that he deserves after this #ivotebtsbbmas @ 
y’all come and see or watch online we’re here for you. … 
no this is not fox , i'v live it, and now some of my family and friend are living it,, almost 3 years ago , i'v told them about trudeau, they can't wait for the next election to vote him out , they are loosing their country. i think its to late for them , 
today is 2018-05-20 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
referring to you seem to me to be a decent and smart kid. 
b.c. flooding is a ‘shock event’ caused by snowy winter and hot, wet spring, experts say @ 
there is a sacredness floating thick in the air. it envelopes me in divinity, rawness, and purification. 
@ flatbushzombies @ meechisdead please do death and death 2 at terminal 5. i can die fully content with my life if i hear that live 
very good night, bout time to fix yours and get a little wyldeeeee 
@ _shiner_1 i came home and my wife was there... 
my son usually wants to be held or rocked to sleep he put himself to sleep and i'm like slow it down big mac 
mandatory background checks including at gun shows and online. 
chloë sevigny on the trials and tribulations of red-carpet dressing 
dozens of people followed me and 23 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
nothing like a photo op with a pedophile "nader’s problem was pedophilia.... but in may 2003, nader was convicted in the czech republic of 10 counts of sexually abusing minors and sentenced to a one-year prison term, the ap revealed in march." 
so like... we just gonna gather around... and burn all of our trench coats.... to stop school shootings … 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 6 months, 13 days (since 7 nov 2009). and you? 
#traffic - #congestion: location : the a66 eastbound between the junctions with the a135 and the a1045 reason : #congestion status : cleared 
hoping for tanaka today. he can be a great pitcher whenever he wants to be. he just needs to relax and pitch like he knows he can. also i'm hoping didi will get things going tonight. he's back in the clean up spot where he's produced a lot this season. hopefully he will today. 
i vote flint or mental health. both are underexposed and not enough resources devoted. 
my manchester mutuals y'all are strong,brave and we love y'all! 
as you may be aware through our media exposure and participation in some of our events, junior auxiliary of taney county is more than a non-profit organization; it’s a group of women united by a single cause and dedicated to helping the children of... 
rewatching avatar and that part where tsu’tey is like “toruk macto, i will fly with you” is just 
"muuu!" lydia looks at you after eating her mashed carrots. she doesn't recognize you, she becomes curious and tilts her head. "muu?" #openrp #roleplay 
someone: i like programmes me: oh me too!! which ones? them: thirteen reasons why and riverdale!! me: 
false creek-fairview 21.1°c steady • dry and comfortable with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
there should really be more help navigating that garbage, it’s really cryptic and intentionally dense! 
god hates me and is a confirmed tony anti 
good stream today did 2 hours today going to be live tomorrow and i have 2 more days of school so a lot of streams are going to happen and also 6 views not bad and 1 follower close to 50 follower and i will get bits let’s try and get that #s7arena #s7rcv2 
i took a nap because i had a migraine and i had a dream that a couple people from my grade hung out and played mario kart and it was great woah 
excellent work on the workflow, and so great to see it highlighted! 
us and canadian securities regulators coordinate ico probe in ‘operation cryptosweep’ … 
today i learned an important lesson that if food instructions are in a language you can't speak, don't disregard them and put it in the microwave... 
new bill to update the divorce act.the ´best interest of the child’ and the factors to be considered are similar to what we have in manitoba’s family maintenance act. change of language to replace the term ‘custody’ and reduce conflict, maximize contact. … 
me i'm obsessed with coffee or you can’t stand it there is only one throne and that’s god's … 
i forgot a big chunk is in slow motion. i have 8 hours of footage and at least 2 hours of interviews. still anxious. … 
i’m done sharing opinions/serious thoughts on twitter for awhile. back to my usual nonsense of dumb polls, jokes about kylo ren, and fanart. 
if anyone wants to go clubbing or like out out where i gotta dress like i'm actually going out (and not just drinking and getting tacos) in the next ten days, ya gotta tell me like by tomorrow bc there is a suitcase in my closet and i am officially packing #jacquk 
i think tizen is a much more resource miserly os that is better suited for smart watches and devices than wearos. the issue is the app gap. poor decision by samsung imho. this is a tizen death knell unless it gets another master. 
believe there should’ve been aright before that scene. it was probably the worst one out of the whole series,totally unexpected too. once again,i’m sorry for your friend,i hope they have a good support system.thank u for being open to my point of view and not lashing out 
prepared remarks by u.s. secretary of education betsy devos to the house education and the workforce committee - - #education #lln 
all i ask for is a bit of effort and reassurance 
nah im just a dumbass and used xbox cause everyone i play with does but god bless cross compatibility 
@ betoorourke @ tomsteyer @the_marketmogul democrats need to run on bold ideas. it's time to let roads and bridges crumble. … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 10 months (since 23 jul 2011). and you? 
i just had food and plus a little snack & guess what ? 
2 new unfollowers and 1 new follower (hello! hello!) in the last week. via 
man is makin a valid reasonin , this his jurisdiction good riddnce to #mules of politics and agendas … 
another ema impact summit in the books! we are so grateful to all of our speakers, attendees, sponsors and crew. let's keep the momentum going. we want to hear how you are making an impact -> impact is presented by @ toyota & @ 
lately i’ve done a mint color, yellow, and a nude so far 
our famous kitchen is open today and tmr our… … 
exactly!! who cares if they graduate. where do these brats get the idea that they can make stupid threats to get their way? sorry kiddos thats not the way life works. you play by the rules or you lose the game. get off kyle's ass and get over your jealosy. 
drake got his waves to dip and he’s looking more fine than usual. 
or or or you come to phoenix because we have tons of eli and elli's here to adventure with. 
826 boston night of 1000 stories. amazing young authors and new americans from dozens of countries with terrific stories. @ easternbank is a sponsor. #joinusforgood 
amazing my skin was super hydrated and glowing for days after using … 
update || harry will be wearing a black and white striped glittered suit tonight. 
all of a sudden rae is completely terrified of outside and wants nothing to do with it. i think she just hates all the cars that go by. 
today is 2018-05-23 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
is the burning and killing still going on up there? 
i buy vans and still be shitting on niggas … 
i say if you don't like our constitution and laws then leave 
exactly. and i don't hear the outrage from those so fervently defending 'the flag." 
i finally picked up info wars via shortwave. i can finally be shilled vitamins and water filters the way god intended 
this is happening because the people have voted with their time and money. this is the free market working at its best. 
this looks like 20 minuets in the bathroom and coming out sweating … 
lossa track and field. what a day. notables; r.boldy 1st jr. sprint hurdles. m.suchoplas 1st sr. h.j 3rd sprint hurdles. g.talyor 2nd jr. 1500m. r.selkirk 2nd mid. hj. n.eastmond 3rd jr. 1500m. a. nielissen 4th mid. lj. p.gatchalian 5th mid. sprint hurdles. 
yes. everyone is fine and actively rooting for trump to slaughter the criminals in the evil deep state. they all belong in gitmo. starting with mccabe. strzok. mueller. comey. lynch. zip ties. hoods over heads. then the trials. 
"are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before god?" ~luke 12:6 #jesus #god #bible 
if your opinion on tomi lahren being assaulted in public is anything other than “that’s unacceptable in a civilized society and whoever was involved should be charged, convicted, and imprisoned” then your opinion is wrong and stupid. 
"we've wrung everything out of this rancid dishrag. toss it in the hamper, and let's move on to the next." 
today is 2018-05-24 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
if y’all don’t stfu and drink water … 
#malaysiajobs #jobs #vacancy hr cum admin executive wanted urgently in jalan ipoh kl! - our client involved in the sales, installation and maintenance of lift equipment throughout malaysia. - responsible for the day-to-day hr... … 
my streaming schedule as of right now is, i will stream here and there but not as much as you think. it's getting annoying. 
better now is my favorite song in beer bongs and bentleys @ postmalone 
but tomi lahren is white , and a supporter of trump's white supremacy order. 
currently at 7:00 pm, the temperature is 88.3; winds from the sse at 0.1 gusting to 0.0; the barometer is 30.038; and the dew point is 26.7. more information at 
y'all i. am.over. it. i never had braxton hicks the first time, but they suck. i don't think i'll make it to term. and i literally worked a half a school day in active labor. just hoping to make it through graduation on june 9th 
i thought maybe it was my tube top and shorts. my american fashen 
plenty of presidents in our country’s history have enjoyed an administration in which his party controlled both houses of government & yet we did not have this egregious assault on our country and its institutions. but we never had an admirer of hitler&stalin in the #ovaloffice 
i was bout to get sad and emo again but then i saw him 
that a-a long time... and i still have m-more school 
gdpr and network marketing: yet another reason to have my lead system pro (mlsp)!: via @ youtube 
smh waited all day for some jerk chicken and they run out 
enjoy a lovely walk along the river dove. a great place to visit for the tourist and locals alike. #dovedale #attraction #derbyshire 2657 … via @alderbkyshireg 
sit back and relax. they come to you and fit audio systems and lots more. at home or at work. #derby #derbyshire #motoring #audio 5333 … via @ alderbyshireg 
dg tv have the knowledge and skills to install your aerial or #satellite dish. they can also improve poor reception! #chesterfield #tv #derbyshire 6134 … via @ alderbyshireg 
no strings and no binding contracts. take advantage of 6 months free advertising then decide. #derbyshire #restaurant 7195 … via @ alderbyshireg 
services which include gardening, supplying & installing fully fitted kitchens (very competitive rates), replacement radiators and electrical switches and installation of home appliances. #derbyshire #alfreton #services 379 … via @ alderbyshireg 
just pop in at rehearsals and see if you would like to sing with us. #chapelenlefrith #derbyshire #choir 906 … via @ alderbyshireg 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 25 days (since 1 may 2011). and you? 
there are though, because the case was in the system and documents were being filed before the settlement occurred. settling out of court doesn’t mean there’s no record.; that’s not how it works. 
someone that comes into one of my jobs came into my other job today and recognized me i was like 
my talking angela connect, ballon splash, tiny puzzles and hungry fish gameplay 003: via @ youtube 
how to unlock an iphone 3 and a mustache on me. i'm not ugly, just reduce my graphics to have a better update server.... 
no air and graces #ynwa … 
#missing: columbus police are asking for help finding stanley lapczynski, who suffers from dementia. he was last seen wearing a home depot shirt and blue jeans. if you see him, call 911. 
he probably was sleeping and made this diss track as breakfast 
thanks for sharing this. it brought me to tears and renewed my faith in us. 
you're a damned fool, padraic, who champions the murder of the most defenseless among us, and then dresses his illogic up with some tired gibberish about rights. ireland now becomes no better than mexico under the aztecs, a pagan place embracing human sacrifice. 
was bumpin w pusha t for a solid minute until drake dropped duppy and now.. 
bitforce and mc chris show in vegas! 
it’s so helpful! i’ve used it to improve my french, but also for spanish and italian before trips. 
i have perfect wifi reception and your audio keeps cutting out. 
only thing left is this lynx. willing to lower him to $1600 if paid in full through square. body can be somewhat altered to fit smaller. but he fits up to 300 lbs and 5'3" currently 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 26 may 2012). and you? 
and i, unfortunately...can't do seventy. … 
no. don't do this. it shits all over people who've done work for you that you've used and couldn't have done without. not paying them is a) basically theft and b) shows how little care you have for them and c) your total disregard for any consequences of not paying them. … 
the day after the election i was crying and my coworker said, “when they put us in the ghettos at least i’ll be in the gay ghetto-that’s where the party will be.” i wanted to be in the gay ghetto, too, but she said no. 
yep. mueller is playing chess and donnie is playing chutes and ladders. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 21 days (since 4 oct 2012). and you? 
my favourite past time is being op abused on in a 2donkeys game and getting screwed out of a 5 kill game because the respawn command is a fun command 
end of may and i’m hearing thunder, i love it 
shit got me heated bro, win every game in the last 2 rounds and beat a team that made it to the chip the very game before the championship....and they advance over us 
so i message you on there and you dont reply. 
currently 3am over here and i’m wide awake 
the football gods know best. imagine going through a champions league photo album and you see captains lifting it. beckenbauer, maldini, schmeichel, gerrard, raul, terry, puyol, casillas, ramos, lahm. and then henderson 
i can agree with you. i understand the frustration and i clearly appreciate the effort of them trying to work full day to atleast give us some gameplay. 
won my first match in phase 2, and then lost to get 97th. not bad for my first #dbfz major in a near 800 person bracket. #cb2018 
today is 2018-05-26 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
it's less than 2 hours long and i feel like it didn't establish the turtles beyond basic personality traits. like donnie is a nerd and every line of his is meant to bluntly remind you of that. we really needed some downtime with them to get to know them better. 
i so agree with you. if he could have gone pro right out of high school, i think at minimum he adds 10k to his point total not to mention blocks and boards. plus he didn’t have a 3 point line for much of his career. goat. 
gene partner. and stop stealing my mediterranean or asian matches black guy. 
you know what’s unbelievable! you are the only fans that celebrate defeat! we played a barca side that were arguably the greatest ever in two finals and not one united fan was giving it “we were unlucky” “we are on the rise” “great achievement reaching the final” 
i get that, same kinda thing when you been offered a team someone else is grinding for and you double guess yourself n shit 
but for real, he's been amazing as a rep. he and i get angry about the same things, which is what i want in my congressperson. 
and now i'm hungry... fuck 
kingsman is my jam. i adore percival for reasons i cannot relate. and i ship him and lancelot. i also envisioned d'arcy playing percy and then guernica was announced lol 
maybe, i'm really bad at finishing stuff lately. i keep starting and stopping projects. i don't have much motivation to create anymore. 
maybe conservatives keep saying they don't want dead kids because they don't actually want dead kids. we haven't told you we want dead kids. you're just putting words into our mouths so you can feel morally superior and not have to actually look at the facts. 
lo siento by super junior and leslie grace #setitoff @ kissedmonton @ mochafrap & @ djclymaxxx #premiosmtvmiaw #mtvlakpopsj @ sjofficial 
once a scammer always a scammer and you never even made me a thumbnail or anything for free like gg 
lol , i guess that is why, i just created a discord server for chat , for cam models and fans , ha ha ha ! 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 6 months, 30 days (since 27 oct 2012). and you? 
fact check: you were given a high-level counterintelligence briefing by senior fbi officials on aug 17, 2016, and warned that hostile foreign adversaries like russia, would try to spy on and infiltrate your campaign. … 
the reasons gays come up with to post a thirst trap. "new haircut!" "just out here mowing the lawn!" "i am feeling down today" "i love this new song" "love a good coffee in the morning!" just post the god damn slutty picture and own it linda. 
tomorrow is memorial day. although we can’t thank the ones we have lost, we can still thank everyone who serves in our armed forces. bring in your military i.d. tomorrow and get a free game of bowling! we thank... … 
#baseballroundtable looks at carl hubbell ... his 24-game winning streak and the making of an #mlb all star game legend. … 
katie takes a few off photos and suddenly she’s the ugliest thing in the world. but also that bitch is hiding behind her profile pic, her face never to be seen, she must be ugly as fuuccckkk 
> even the smallest of chances [ not ] to be blinded by said summer sun. "what's your favourite flavour?" she couldn't help but ask the question; everyone has a preferred flavour, and she wanted to find out what it was that the other like the most. 
watching the video to it won't be like this for long and then seeing your kids is proof . 
it's 1:59 am and i'm currently watching videos of #harrystylesliveontourrio loving life 
i had so much fun this weekend finally got to do some new things and visit new places ! 
watching texas and kansas city. starting pitchers are hamels and hammel, respectively. what are the odds. 
yep. the entire op and everyone involved: 
after i heard @ ivoriandoll_ dream and she mentioned that god didnt recognise some people due to the surgeries the had the holy spirit reminded me that i am beautiful and wonderfully made i don’t need a boob job i don’t need my butt done god made me beautiful already 
hello world it’s gotti and i’m back againnnn 
my birthday started out great with all my friends and it’s ending great with my family! 
i love each and every one of them, don't ever give in to tyranny. … 
honestly in sun/moon there's a person like every 5 feet who's like "pokemon love fighting!!! it makes them happy!!" and i do not buy it one bit 
i literally love ollie and tiny's mom 
it’s honestly really fucking cool and well done 
thanks for the help pal. now i know how niall felt all those years in the band being lonely while zayn had liam and harry had louis 
i used to like you and watch you every night, but you have to move on from stuff like this 
i keep thinking its sunday aka i still have to work tomorrow but its monday and i'm off 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 7 months (since 27 oct 2012). and you? 
feel like most people compare him to lebron and jordan who are the two greatest players ever and he not even top 3 in his org 
oh hey! my partner and i celebrated our anniversary yesterday! :) 
mention for follback and follback for promote [bot] 
you know what’s funny when i deactivated my ig and fb accounts? some texted me: bat naka deactivate ka? blocked ako sayo? worst gesture i’ve received: they blocked you kasi akala nila bnlock mo sila. lol whatta fifth grader mindset #actyourageoldmaid 
basically, suga is me. sleep super early and missed out all the fun. but the difference is, he woke up with effin clear skin, well-rested baby boy face that he is, whereas i, stays as one of the sardine citizen in spongebob squarepants. 
not perfect again. stocking up on calories so i can sleep more normally tonight. that pms is due, and i have a hellish week to endure coming up ... glad i tried again tho. 
nope! go home bright and early tomorrow and kris gets to drive to lax to get me! 
i can’t believe jinyoung really went out and got customized long sleeve shirts just to cover up his ass...oh wait..i actually can...hsjdjgjd 
i love niall horan to the moon and back 
and my friends :( 
best on ground on saturday and 23 today! it’s a very happy borough birthday to isaac conway! 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 6 months, 20 days (since 7 nov 2009). and you? 
that left yoongi card i think i’ll just die and come back as an object thanks … 
sorry left you lose again! facts are pesky things, they just don't follow stupid thinking and illogical reasonings no matter how you shove them into your brain! … 
forever and always #photography #nature #writing 
false creek-fairview 16.7°c steady • dry and cool with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
sign me up for a man that will dick me down and cuddle me in their big strong arms every night #waiting 
tfs does that with chris niosi, martin billany and dave smith. for starters. 
hello everyone my name is cybren and i have part 2 of my terraria adventure ready for all of you so, if you want to go ahead and check it out 
i forgot abc and hbo were spelled the same 
starting to see all the political stuff come up about #rosanne. blaming liberals, against free speech, this and that. i even saw something about christianity. not sure what that had to do with anything. i already have a headache. 
i seen it on facebook and it was a video and as soon as i noticed what they were doing i was in tears and had to come off of it. then googled it x 
i’d check girl! from the little bit of research i did just now ohio does this too and it is called a withholding order not sure if the source is credible though 
i left a jug of water at work and then went and bought another one. i be on the move after them long ass hours 
ooooh so ravn got his stage name from a marvel character to be specific from raven of x-men wooooah okay stanned the right kid and group 
your ridiculous and a tool of the fake media......it will tear american families apart when illegals drain the social services coffers that working americans pay for.... 
mostly rain for the omaha area this afternoon and tonight but it was very gusty to our west. truck pulling trailer on highway 92 near mead, knocked off the road. … #omaha #severeweather 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 11 months (since 30 jun 2010). and you? 
@ _coachp_ congrats on the new gig coach p great things in store for you and your future 
i miss you too and yessss we already discussed this lol 
retweeted chris ( @ realbowenswharf): it’s up to roseanne to determine if what she said was in bad taste. and she has determined as such. but . @ valeriejarrett is a terrible, vindictive, loathsome human being. that’s... … 
i see it happen all the damn time. kids throwing fits over ipads and video games all day 
no thanks, i don't need a device that will record my conversations, save them, and then transmit them god knows where. 
my brother and i would drop elbows on my dad but we called it “hop on pop” 
welcome to #eisdreads @ genevie79cr and i are looking forward to reflecting with you! please introduce yourself and share 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 9 years (since 31 may 2009). and you? 
@ eahelp was i supposed to receive a pack and token for the store issue? 
a nice reminder that culture is king and it’s effect on workplace productivity cannot be ignored #growthhacking 
rebirth of mothra ii has been on for all of 5 seconds and there's already dolphins & floating trash in the ocean... i'm tellin ya mothra is the hippy dippy peacenik rainblow glitter kaiju 
it's white, not golden brown, when de-panned. i don't know how it cuts or tastes yet. but i did use a softer flour this time and a tad less cream of tartar. husbo told me not to worry about it. how does he think great food happens? by not worrying about it? 
gowdy gets the ball (investigation) to the 10 yard line and then "punts". to say mueller has to finish his job is saying trump needs to be removed from office. is gowdy's retirement from congress interesting timing? i used to think he was one of the good guys. 
day one in the new abode has consisted of figuring out what light switch goes to which light. then forgetting and running around the room trying to figure out how to turn off a particular light. 
i just think he’s funny and i thought his like motivations were interesting and sad. but people make him into the most tragic character of all time and it’s like lol you just like his design and didn’t want to feel bad about liking him butgooff 
i know you didnt, like i said your liked tweets came on my tl. i just think taking a militant stand against police is something you shouldn't get worked up about so young. i've seen the hate between gays, bisexuals and trans about attending pride and just wanted to say what i did 
like i said - a pissing contest. dodge and weave. 
great leadership and kind person president xi 
i had taken ambien prescription strength when my 17mth old daughter died years ago. worked well. took it again a few years ago and was filled with energy and sexual aggressive with wife and it was a crazy feeling of anxiety. so it has different effects on different people. 
people don’t give themselves enough credit for overcoming things and getting better. like you’ve made it this far dude.. celebrate your strength 
catch fiction and a ton of other great artists, musicians and vendors this friday @ subzerofestival in downtown san jose (south first street) #livemusic #bayarea #psychedelic 
¬ the slice of the blade against pale flesh and the crawl of blood, but most importantly, he needed to feel his tongue against his flesh. to feel the warm breath along his flesh. ❛fuck, again.❜ 
my time is valuable and i know it’s being wasted there 
yes, it was the biggest save in caps history. that, and more on game 2 here … 
yeah i thought let’s give it a try and how about when nothing surprises you anymore? um well, never mind. one should never let that ‘wow’ die. peace. 
if you even dream of beating me you'd better wake up and apologize. … #muhammadali #ali #quote #quotes 
@ wowcare 13 hours minimum here in columbus, ohio with no internet. rebooted modem and router and nothing. 
@ akaworldwide to be honest, i was never a fan of hip hop but after i've listened to #beyonce, i was so taken by your music bro. i wanna join megacity right away and listen to good music. 
"my mother always taught us that if people don't agree with you, the important thing is to listen to them. but if you've listened to them carefully and you still think that you're right, then you must have the courage of your convictions." jane goodall 
special offer - extended to 5th june everyone is talking about our innovative and amazing active hydration serum. i use it every day under my moisturiser as it hydrates the skin so much more than any moisturiser... … 
remove the humanely part and he sounds a lot like the taliban or isis members . 
and then your late for school 
bruh so beautiful girls by sean kingston was playing at work and some girl asked if it was usher... 
@ tbsnetwork why haven’t you fired @ iamsambee is it because hollywood is full of democrats that get away with mocking our president and his family not fair considering @ therealroseanne was immediately terminated 
i love you girl. you be letting them have it!!! articulately with passion and reason. the unacceptable nonsense going on now is truly unbelievable. #americaisgreatbecauseimhere 
hiiiii i’ve had a lot of f%ck ups in my phd and tonight i got to publicly proclaim them at #fuckupnightsto! – bei autodesk canada 
i believe the liberals screwed this up from the beginning with their stupid progressive agenda. they should have been focusing on mutual interests. i've seen the pm on bnn...everything comes back to gender and diversity. 
1 tweep followed (thank you!) and 2 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. thank you . 
instead of chastising a supporter for advocating for the return of lynching, @ rondesantisfl's campaign excused it, saying, “ron thinks that floridians should be forgiven for having some pretty strong and not at all politically correct feelings." 
i was thinking how cool if like after level 7 - like modifiers came into effect - and every single wave it's randomly generated each time - grenades do more damage, res tokens, ..ect.. any modifier could be active! and you just keep having to adjust each wave! 
and all you have to offer is the same stale "but obama!" takes. 
a story behind the place dining table and dinette. mt @ eq3: @ vitadailyvan sat down with cdn designer shawn place to talk about the design and his creation process. eq3 2536 granville street #southgranville #findyourperfectstyle 
kids are googling #sadmichiganfans at dinner in june and i’ve never been more proud as a dad 
one of you come re-create this photo with me and pete at e3 
so kenya revives rhoa upon her entrance when it was boring as hell and she is fired? i won't be watching again. she was the reason i started back watching. wtf bravo, get it right. the cast are boring.big mistake, watch 
going live shortly! playing ffxiv! doing dungeons and such! hope everyone will stop by and chat, have fun or even lurk! #rnsgc 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 2 jun 2011). and you? 
today was a blast! nothing better than spending a beautiful day with good horses and learning from knowledgeable horse people. come on out tomorrow for day 2 of the harmony horse expo. … 
i didnt spend 3 years of my coworkers sounds like death and has been coughing nonstop for 8 hours 
zamex and desmons pride look the days best at the gold coast 
abc is going to hire this person and give them a sitcom 
well i personally think it is dumb to taunt someone you can not guard or stop or outscore. that is what the original tweet was about and i agree 
ya i'm p stuck between the golf wang and yellow brockhampton one 
i sewed this sleeve inside out. i've been sewing for 15 years and i'm just i'm not even surprised i did this. 
lmao my suegra and i when a dude even walks our way. … 
many people who seem to be gliding right along have suffered and are suffering. there are so many tiny revolutions in a life, a million ways we have to circle around ourselves to grow and change and be okay. #pridemonth 
unconventional will be available very soon on kindle and (for the first time ever) in print!! i will also give print purchasers the option to buy the kindle version at a steep discount! 
when your ex send you a drink and you reject - you won. 
the only thing? you're joking right? everything he does is an affront to humanity. he doesn't give a flying fuck about anyone but himself and his rich buddies. … 
people tweet ignorance for attention and y’all give it to them 
sana could be a ravenclaw, too. she seems like the most open-minded. tzuyu is either a ravenclaw or a slytherin bc she's witty but she uses her wit in things like savage remarks and stuffs. 
i just clicked and donated 2 cents to arizona cocker rescue, please click and help them raise more money. vía @ po_st 
and martinez converts the penalty after all that. it's 1-0 atlanta, and they're up 11 men to 9 with 20 minutes left in the match. 
@ kweenytodd come and join us … 
sometimes i think pictures aren’t actually whitewashed but they’re just like brightened ?? and the lighting has a lot to do with it and idk but sometimes they are actually whitewashed and i’m like wtf 
yeah u should probably be able to find something !! and it probably will be a bit cheaper since people just want to get rid of them 
also... chuckles. are you serious, i'm already having a hard time with mal missing some (i'm actually sending recs to the manga database every now and then), why double the effort... 
after finding out about this 2k.... i personally think they should change the age to 16+ and watch as these young kids dreams come to life in a second. 
@ annieleblanc @ annieleblacxtra @ xloviedovex i will support you no matter what , listen please cheer up and be with the ones that love you because the haters will soon realise what they missed out on xx 
@ spideyvrse hi amanda i think youre probably the funniest person i know and i really enjoy talking to you so never leave. also one day ill get you that big mac dw 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 5 days (since 27 oct 2012). and you? 
going to work and gonna promote loona in the drive thru wish me luck 
which is what @ kylekashuv did. seems like hogg and emma are just looking for attention, and to push their agenda. on behalf of the rest of the current high school generation, we don't want them. 
yesterday i was talking to a guy about rent and when i was done ranting he went “haha thats cool. so what are you doing now?” why cant men keep a convo going he could’ve started a rant abt a movie that he recently saw 
and for the gm's who weren't really looking to leave, but were too spineless to say no to reeves, that's pathetic too. and the only pathetic person i like is aj. 
and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true 
a good philadelphia friend of mine lost everything he and his family owned because of the volcano in hawaii. we have played music together and toured together. no one deserves their lives from being swept from under their feet. help of you can. keith x … 
well, that's your president, and secstate for you. why don't you talk to your feckless pals in the @ gop about doing something about that criminal lunatic in the @ whitehouse ? 
i only came to the village for lauv and i truly can’t believe i met him. i seriously cried the second i got the m&g. this was the best moment in my life. @ lauvsongs thank you so much. 
thank u! i’ve been playing as dj for years and i think i’ll be able yo get my music to spotify soon! 
trump’s child separation policy is a moral and constitutional abomination - slate … 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 3 months, 12 days (since 20 feb 2010). and you? 
yeah, lebron blew it with his 51 points and 60% shooting.... … 
going live!! tell ya mama and her roommates!! 
it's not demi's fault. katy perry let everyone know that sexual assault against males is perfectly acceptable. especially if you're young, popular, rich and more importantly a a woman 
my sister just came over and demanded dinner lol spoiled ass 
“ace/aro people are infringing on queer spaces!” the fuck did i do? i’m just being ace/aro and existing how does that bother you so much 
soooo many ppl put me on riverdale and i just wanna say....thank you 
just defend well, play ball movement and get more offensive rebounds and we should have the w. #strengthinnumbers #dubnation 
wait. he draws a reasonable conclusion about why ratings went where they did and you go off on a political rant? seems you need to grow up. there was no nastiness, no bs... just ratings and a comment that people may be getting sick of this stuff. i know i am. 
@ mcdonalds your sandbach services store is filthy - there were flies crawling over the menu board and the tables - staff spraying stuff on tables whilst people eating. -i asked her to stop. not your usual standard at all. 
must give a shout out to #viarail. traveling back from to to ottawa was supremely pleasant and relaxing. recommend it to all. 
and tonight after a disabled guy won britain's got talent, i've seen horrific attitudes about disabled people and how he only won because people felt sorry for him...mainly from able bodied people 
my grandma just called and she’s bringing me whataburger 
we’re drinking like it’s 1995. @ rac3rx is rocking the zima with a cherry jolly rancher and i’m over here with jack & coke. 
adam mackie, rhonda inkamla talking about ‘a frontier journey’. a look at innovations and connections! #mgaconf2018 
i tried to hit that mariah carey note and now i sound like how i sounded when i was 9 . 
i like how the person with the kendrick avi liked this post and this was the song that came out. holy shit. 
replace mischievous with seductive and title it “won’t you please, mrs.robyn’s mom”. but that’s prolly a different type of kinky. 
calling photographers! looking to join our community and volunteer your services at our next event? we are in search of a photographer friday, june 15th from 8 am - 10 pm. you will get an onstage thank you and be credited on flikr and all of our in… 
whatever being decided it wanted us to not believe it and labelled it as crazy is out here saying hey my guy this has been composed with you in mind you are important u have purpose like my god my guy this is so fucking necessary 
me gustó el video “whack world by tierra whack a film by thibaut duverneix and mathieu léger” de @ tduverneix 
we've seen your dm and we're here to help and give you the best service that you deserve, reyn. we've made a report on your concern, kindly check your dm for more information. thank you. 
ak the feds and 69 his partner 
he’s 46. he’s a registered sex offender, has 10 open warrants and i believe the mother is part of it!! 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 1 day (since 4 mar 2012). and you? 
my skin is not particularly dry. but $200 is really appealing. and apparently my skin was dry enough to qualify for the study. 
i shared with you my booking code and country of residence in a private message on twitter 
i criticised one of yours and also one of fints and one of rais 
and you’re desperate to distract from your obvious guilt. the american people win when you are impeached and imprisoned. 
i miss you tooooo!!! text/dm me what you're doing and when you're down here! my sc doesn't work on my phone anymore 
my anxiety is so bad that just needing putting the garbage and recycling bins on the curb scares me. lol. 
these were the days. their concerts were lit... but roc wasn't there for the baltimore one. dealing with him and his dag on babymama issues.... 
and a 3 finger combo from canes … 
that’s scripture, it could be more or less... i said be prepared to die, everyone and anybody.. old or young. europe don’t think you’re comfy like we can’t move tectonic plates around 
for real. how you go to rainbow and mcdonalds of all stores the man on the store said they were currently using it too. wild. 
...and an even shorter attention span. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 8 months, 16 days (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
i just finished watching shane's new video and uhhhh idk what to say other than oof 
rich people are the stupidest and least hard working of all the classes. our society would lose no greatness or ability by taking away their money and redistributing it. 
hasn't leviev also done some business with nk thru 88 queensway group and sam pa? 
hey @ mrbriankenny! great show! tbh, i'm not a huge fan of smoltz as an analyst for a few reasons, but those were some good convos tonight! and that transition? priceless! #mlbtonight 
all redacted buy now... hope the prez can step in and get the real deal?.. 
2 of my coworkers very recently found out that i write (they don’t know that it’s sherlock fic, just creative writing). when asked earlier today what my current “book” is about, i started explaining ranger john and choked up. had to literally end the convo. 
abduction drama of gul bukhari was the production of same mafia who attacked @ asadkharal the aim was to divert the attention of media and social media those crying for gul bukhari not even blink their eyes on attack over asad kharal 
another rich out of touch doo-dah who has never attended a public school, nor her children, yet she knows the needs of our schools. betsy, go away, go back to your money and stay clear of our kids. 
strawberry jalapeño salsa ~ juicy, sweet, and spicy! … via @ tvfgi 
hm im gonna go make muffins and pretend i’m not as vulnerable as i avoid admitting i am 
today is 2018-06-05 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
thank you for all the really kind replies and messages, i honestly wasn’t expecting it. i always feel like i need to have something new since it’s my literal job but also since ax has been my hometown con for many years, i always want to do something special for it. 
you run away as fast as you could, and then wonder when and where you lost all that love. 
sheeit. out buying pizza and the show already started. #americafirst 
what is your instagram and twitter ? — cool. my twitters cooler but … 
do you ever just want to watch “gillian’s island” and forget the world ? 
i really don't know. i'm just shocked that i actually have a listing on imdb. (i didn't make it... and i don't know who did.) 
another win for the anti plastic straw lobby, and blow to the disabled community. wetherspoons in oxford now don't have any straws, so many disabled people can't drink independently there any more. but i'm sure the fish'll appreciate it. 
took foil and put it on half a cookie sheet, melted butter and mixed in the shrimp. the poured it on the foil and added a few slices of lemon. put another piece of foil on the other side of the pan and added asparagus and grape tomatoes. little pepper and olive oil, oven @450 
d-train bringing about the #marlins losing and trading away stars "fans are tired of it, and i'm tired of it." @ dtrainmlb not among former marlins returning for this weekends' 25th anniversary 
imo the original point of e3 is gone. now, e3 is the epicenter of gaming culture. it's just an icon that everyone can rally around, discuss, and share a love of games while hearing some announcements along the way. … 
good job! start in little increments and work your way up 
cuz the first think homophobes think of when they see gay guys is how they be having sex and that makes you gay 
i give up ffs its 1am so i go to bed and my dads like ‘omg a day before we go on holiday and shes pissed off with me’ no im fucking not. but keep telling me i am... i fucking will be. sorry its 1am and i need sleep as i wont get any tomorrow. sorry i hate got with a passion. 
don’t cross water signs- our karma is quicker and you will die haha 
@ ask_spectrum any idea when this outage in upstate sc is gonna resolve? internet and tv both out. 
niloko yata ni maria ressa ang wan-ifra. to stand for the rule of law and to defend press freedom? ummm... your company violated the law right? what press freedom are you talking about? last time i checked you still had those. 
former margarita’s #restaurant employee and accomplice arrested for identity #fraud … via @wwaynews 
appeal to the awareness and sensitivity of men and women of the world and a call to the preservation of our only planet: un: "13 million tons of plastic are dumped in the oceans every year" 
*forecast says it will be sunny* *takes top off jeep* * fucking rain and thunderstorm* what the shit nevada? 
i should! i’ll bring the tandem bike and we can ride over there. 
how do you know what he did it for? at least he did it who cares. as for the illegal immigrants , oh well then don’t try and come here illegally. do you want people on top of people here like china? stfu. i’m glad that he released this beautiful american citizen. god bless 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 3 days (since 4 mar 2012). and you? 
ooooh i need this in my life!! $8.99-$9.44 after code yz9b8soy (list: $17.98 - $18.88) price valid at time and date posted 
not as creepy as keeping up with recruiting. grown men and women get paid to follow high school kids on social media 
i’ve upgraded the colin firth side of the altar to hot dads with a lovely marble and gold bud vase. goes nicely with the gold ear bunny. 
you got me on this no social thing. starting slow. been a week or two without snap and ig it’s hella refreshing lol 
watching my younger son having a blast in a @ chickfila playground with four kids of different ethnicities and one kid with a disability. remember: racism and bigotry are taught. 
@ realdonaldtrump those are your grandchildren he wants to deport. do you think maybe this bigotry and divisiveness has gone too freaking far now, mr. president?? @ 
love how the news personnel/media talk about depression when a celebrity dies. i guess it's back to manufactured propaganda and dribble tomorrow. 
hi majed, if the attempt actually took place and the customer is not home, our drivers are supposed to leave a notice at residential addresses. i'm sorry if you received conflicting information. can you please dm me your tracking number? i'll take a look for you. ^james 
nuclearblonde's food and exercise diary was completed for 6/07/2018 and was under nuclearblonde's calorie goal #myfitnesspal 
told dalton i didn’t want chicken and he whips his head around the corner and goes “so you’re telling me you don’t want any chicken..? fuck you dude” 
#saveshadowhunters #pickupshadowhunters @ hulu @ mtv @ netflix @ abcnetwork @ foxtv they deserve to grow stronger and better than ever 
holy snap! i last read (i think) part 4 and have been off and on twitter for a long time and just assumed you stopped. got to catch up! 
and i’ll tell my mutuals to report your new acc too 
to be thought of--and 
that's hard to do - based on the roster, you basically need to find a taker for one of jv or serge or both powell and miles. with no salary returning (ibaka could return a small ~7m salary). in any case, this all assumes cleveland wants to play along rather than try to keep lbj. 
how can you have a phd in chemistry and be a wakandan refugee? 
#pickupshadowhunters for this amazing fandom and what it has done in the past 3 days. #saveshadowhunters 
i hope all the bots and actual campaigns rting this know this isn’t supposed to be serious djfjjgjfkg … 
and all about the court supposes us, the life within the limits swart her head upon the strife. 
they played almost every song from the dusk album and the biggest “hits” of the others. not sure what they missed out to be honest!????i thought the set list was stunning. such an amazing mix across the albums. i was blown away to be honest. sorry! 
i luv u more cause i'm not goth and i can see with both eyes ;;;) 
@ foxnewsalert martha you have been protecting mandon and you will p-rotect this woman cause she is on air like you and you can say what ever you want --remember george carlin and using bad words -you are protecting dam o rats and fellow reporters and cable @ foxnewsalert 
you know you're on brand as a nerd when two people hit you up like "you gonna watch cloak and dagger?" 
it is not all about talent. it’s about dependability, consistency, being coachable, and understanding what you need to do to improve. – bill belichick 
slow your roll, pizza expert. fwiw @ joel9one donated all his "kids game" salary this year, did you know that? and you speak for all christians now, anthny? (tired narratives of tone-deaf, flag-fetishist gop sheep make me wish i died in 1776) 
meanwhile efensee: our designs are made by potatoes minhyuk’s is for 5yo kids and jong’s is for country side grandmas. like i seriously want to see who’s going to wear it in public without being embarrassed whoever you are, you’re a brave boice xd 
between the transgender females with male genetics (competing against genetic females) and transgender males amped up on growth hormone (competing against non-performance enhanced genetic males), the libs have completely eliminated fair competition from sports 
pull up to miami so you can catch this l and we can talk end of world shit … 
@ vol_golf i shot 79 (8 over) and another 79 (7 over) at troon north, and boulders golf club in scottsdale, az. looking forward to potentially being a vol one day! 
i have. even his parody names have different rhythms and have a structure that, while funny, suggests a culture that shapes the way names are formed... 
all temps will be in f. i often forget to notate after the first notation...which drove my chem professors nuts. i'm also including one additive which...i'll explain in detail when i post it all, it may help the thc release/bind better and is a food additive. 
setka is a crook and albo is a dual and shorten is a philanderer 
what the fuck there's a qr code on the back of seungsik pc? and it's for a video apparently? 
we tried to have a family movie night and my brother said he couldn’t join bc his feet hurt 
either i'm reeeeeally tired and not noticing some kind of typo i made (which is possible) or @ wowhead's search algorithm is a little... 
yeah, i think this is like the multiple "i am a widower with a young daughter and i travel a lot" profiles 
also, check out the school of rock orleans between 1pm and 3pm. they will be performing led zeppelin 
we found someone to talk with. the guy who gave james hurt a chance and let him live on his property. @ 
i’ve hidden my chronic pain for so long and brushed it off as just “getting older” when in reality, using a pencil, driving, and even walking up stairs has caused me excruciating pain. since the most recent incidents, i am just hoping that my rheumatologist can get this together 
open range is one of my faves! i still love “westerns.” and costner & duvall are excellent in it. 
nice try paul. she was already well known in her city as an mc and she wasn’t in a rap group with wayne or drake, unlike camilla, which automatically gave her a fan base. next caller 
america, read this thread and be f$cking ashamed of this country cc: @ senthomtillis @ senatorburr @ … 
looking at friday through... a rosé-colored skirt?? we're talking rosé on @ cassidytonight! do you have any questions about the beautifully- colored and v trendy wine? 
a year later i drove to nw montana for the first time, abandoning a stable (tho part time) job and where i grew up because i met a comrade on twitter (thanks @ unclemontanared). if i hadn't taken that trip a year prior i would not have done it, full stop. 
jd's brown and ms's black is back … 
if you're not religious, you spend a lot more time appreciating the world as it is, the mysteries of the universe around us, and staying the hell out of other people's affairs... 
some people just keep you around to fill empty spots either on their social media and in real life. 
being properly educated, economically progressive and religious go together. people often make that lazy hypothesis, when they have no point 
did you know ween’s, the mollusk, inspired sponge bob and there are many ween references in the early episodes? 
i know we're all grumbling and complaining about the *leaner* edition of #livepd tonight! at least it's on! maybe we can get some #officialupdates from the #livepdleos if we're left hanging! @ officiallivepd @ aetv 
really hoping to see a @ sushitrash and @ postmalone colab. would bem awesome as fuck! 
nick is in the top 20 in the world in kills for all platforms (pc included) and has won thousands of dollars in tournaments and you don’t think he could hang in console... are you drunk? or are you not reading what you’re writing? 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 2 days (since 7 jun 2013). and you? 
i can’t believe me and my bd been this coo i’m feeling it i hate arguing over stupid shit life too short 
beautiful day to float and have quality time. … 
which proves my point, they know it won’t be beneficial keeping him. same case with players such as lacazette, van dijk and coutinho. they always end up where they want. 
completely inaccurate. you and trump have angered our closest allies for absolutely no good reason. you are charged to advise on security which means strengthening alliances with long standing allies. you are failing monumentally. 
so one time i found a weird website that randomized synth and you could change the frequency and pitch by moving around the website anyway i made this & it was originally just gonna be a background of sorts but it's kinda been its own thing so i posted it … 
that's not bitter mate that's called banter, and fishing, clearly got a few bites haha 
@ disney why would disney support someone like adam putnam in florida??? makes me wonder about disney's sincerity re: truly caring about its american audience. putnam, as you know, is bought and paid for by the nra. time to stop this, disney. 
@ mets if y’all trade degrom and syndergaard i’m not going to be a mets fan anymore. 
can we take a moment and talk about @ jackandjack because they performed at the wembley stadium wow i‘m so proud omg @ jackgilinsky @ 
he did. it was a tweet of a chicago trump hotel and clock read 5:25 
honestly tho. i'm doing great. and j can finally say. everyone who put me down. fuck you. i'm great, thank you tho. 
tom arnold had the most sense of all to distance himself from roseanne and now he is surpassed her by far in popularity!!!!!!!! 
the most impressive career, and how you reinvent yourself is incredible! @ iamjericho is the gift that keeps on giving! thank you 
we want a civilain oversight committee to review investigations that were already reviewed by team leaders, supervisors, managers, criminal ops reviewers, leadership, crown prosecutors, defense and then judges. but no appetite for civilian oversight on how govt spends our money? 
arms be bout to fall tf awff rt @ nepri_jamesss: i want it to be known that doing your natural hair and slicking it into some type of bun or ponytail is literally a full workout. 
i am but a remnant of a time long past, and though i am not the first, i definitely am not the the last. i am but a wonderous sign of many more to follow. those who are truly born again of god's word and spirit will testify on our behalf as word that has and will become as flesh. 
when you’re working and your manager sends you on a bottle run lol #sundayfundaaaay 
me if marvel decided to kill tony, steve, natasha and my og 6 in a4 
i don’t get the need for you to wish me buka and sahur. you’re not my friend and you’re not my dad. please retreat, thank you very much! 
along why i don't care about "year of the linux desktop", and a good reason i am actually glad that steam has less than %1 linux users. i for one am not looking forward to windows gamers jumping ship to gnu/linux. so far no ones killed anyone for their opinion on init systems. … 
if you already received some from me, tell your friends to 1) retweet their public $ deal address (download the wallet from ), and 2) i'll send #free $ deal (limited qty). #cryptocurrency @ idealcashteam #staking #stakeon! 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 11 jun 2012). and you? 
don't you hate it when you send out that perfectly snarky tweet and you leave words out so that it makes you sound illiterate? 
jonathan van ness waved at me and blew me a kiss at la pride! thank you @ jvn for making my life happy pride! 
very welcome. appreciate your insight and, great good humour surrounding your contemplation of that “phenomena” !!! thank you, quite humbled. … 
i accidentally made one of my coworkers cry today. not with anything i said or did, but b/c 75% of the time, my subordinates perform out of their desire to impress me. so this one started getting overwhelmed on bar and i stepped in to help & she thought it meant she failed. 
tiring day exchanging mails with a coworker.her strategies with the customer were better,her history with the customer better,better her relationships. so she thought. probably too focused on her "better" to start considering even others exist live and work.and she got burnt 
@ lilpump come through #crosstown dispensary and bulldog cafe we got as much smoke as you need on the house #breakout 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 8 months (since 11 sep 2012). and you? 
cherry picking stuff as usual, dotard. look at the whole picture and we win, look at little items where we don't, but they are trivial. 
and now all i can think about is the ending to enemy. yep i’m going to have bad dreams tonight 
@ remedygames alan wake had no fan base when it was released it was a new ip it's been 8 years since its release and it has a huge fan base now but still no sequel you guys are dropping the ball big time 
a quick question @ todoist : i saw your article on your website regarding todoist and google home: is this article in french too? i can't seem to make my google home understand that i wanna talk to todoist. is the feature available in french? 
maybe you should have discussed about having a much more open policy with the game changers. right now it isn't trustworthy. they need to show gamers the policies around it and communicate better. example been levelcap, kicked for no apparent reason (to us). 
no, because gpu prices are wack as hell right now and i’m poor 
asap rocky is one of our generations icons in all aspects especially fashion,music and overall way he carries himself. the man always delivers 
lol, listen to all of you justifying the fact that someone you blindly stood up for and praised her intelligence and perspective literally a week ago admitted she was wrong. you just say she’s either crazy, or facetious, or misinformed now that she no longer agrees. pathetic 
right. simply delivering risk information is not enough to drive behavior change - regardless if its genetic risk or other type of risk information. need to learn how best to deliver that information to engage, enable, and motivate change. 
and, of course, he was the most qualified for the jobhe should be in jail 
i'm walking upon waters. thank god for grace and mercy. hallelujah is my song! my god is awesome! 
it’s like you know it’s not good for you but you put so much time and effort your waiting to receive it back when in reality no one owes you anything and that’s what hurts , even if you hide it and shove it down , don’t settle for less 
ariana and pete is the sequel to when justin met kelly that we’ve all been waiting for 
my dinner this monday night chicken tender's , macaroni, and tomatoe's 
legit playing it rn and dude they need to bring these type of games back immediately 
it's not fair that i'm thinking of you and you probably haven't even thought of me at all. 
nuk b and the b stand for baithful blood 
my girlfriend and i have decided that the baja suburu is the most lesbian car and our dream car and this tweet was mostly to brag that i have a girlfriend 
and @ ariacreationsbt :d 
and with the official loss of net neutrality, i see less and less that can be fixed or stopped as the days go by. fuck america. fuck its people for ruining what could've been a half-way decent idea, up until we starting fucking natives over. 
mr. sowell, it sounds like the left need psychological counselling, to understand the simple concept that the past is the past and time moves forward, at least as we live it. 
we apologize for these unfortunate set of circumstances. please dm your contact information and confirmation number as we would like to have your concerns addressed promptly. thank you june 
i don’t really think so. bell has basically ignored any history between wyatt and hope. 
and we're live with @ jsreviews2 on at …! come 
presentation and 3d printer build at u. oregon … 
i'd have to go back a long way to remember seeing a face with so much bitterness and anger all over it than @ owensmith_mp today when he crassly yelled at @ frankfieldteam in hoc. 
❝and yumi likes ringo. i'm curious what does ringo likes to do? besides eat? ❞ continues to scratch him. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 19 days (since 23 jan 2012). and you? 
a gnat flew into my nose (yikes) by @ falloutboy (inspired by a conversation between me and my sister) 
you are a bad liar, i checked who you follow. you follow some turkish accounts that they tweet only in turkish. you will be blocked for exposing me to the turkish government and her supporters 
is he [not best] who responds to the desperate one when he calls upon him and removes evil and makes you inheritors of the earth? is there a deity with allah ? little do you remember. surah an-naml. 
and. sonic and tails were meant to be in melee but they didn’t make it because time constraints. so maybe in 2018 tails might have his chance to believe in himself and fight next to or fight his best buddy! 
today is 2018-06-12 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
gemini venus, and i always wanted to be a doctor or a lawyer lmaooo 
making a proper southern baked mac and cheese for our office party tomorrow, and i’m excited. 
lmao elleigh first message to her aunt on ig i saw this and laughed so hard @ e_frye_ aunt fatbutt 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 1 month, 2 days (since 11 may 2012). and you? 
back in high school the history teacher had flags hanging up around the classroom, including one of the wwii-era japanese flag. he was asked by some japanese exchange students which flag it was and they wouldn't believe him when he said it was japanese. 
we met many interesting people at tokensky 2018 in korea, a lot of interesting projects and perhaps some collaborations as well! there were also many talents present who we are happy to provide the mdl talent platform to! 
welcome, david, to for: "investing in icos for massive & rapid gains up to +673,739%... and why most icos are doomed" 
if we wish to wrest an advantage from the enemy, we must not fix our minds on that alone, but allow for the possibility of the enemy also doing some harm to us, and let this enter as a factor into our calculations. 
another power hour over and all i can think about is alec talking about how calling tuna "fatty tuna" is degrading. god, what an icon. #saveshadowhunters #notourlasthunt 
i hate girls who complain about how guys give them to much attention and always seem thirsty, yet they post pictures half naked on social media .. 
i liked a @ youtube video seth rollins and dean ambrose and the hardy boyz entrance - raw: sept 11. 2017 (hd) 
everything hurts and i’m dying 
benedict cumberbatch - a career appreciation thread with links, infos and more 
harlyynrae, sweetheart, with a superb body and great breasts like you have, how can anyone fake image you? i think i would see a fake immediately!!! xxxjohnxxx 
i love @ atlutd and their success on field and off has been amazing. still, seeing @ bguzan playing an @ mls game when the #worldcup starts tomorrow is just sad. thanks, @ ussoccer. 
my thinking would be: if america does not hold this criminal enterprise accountable, then i cannot trust that it won't happen again the second the republicans manage to regain control of congress and the wh. why should i trust them? 3/ 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 23 days (since 22 may 2010). and you? 
i get to spend the weekend w my bestie and i couldn’t the happier 
10:00 ( south #georgia and the south #sandwich islands ) 
this is trump america! and not voting, makes it your america too! #voteblue 
ok good to know i’m always skeptical with new food at tim’s cuz sometimes it’s great and sometimes it’s :/ 
but the more popular meaning that kids want to be labelled as because they think it's edgy is a perspn who is capable of doing extroverted things but doesnt like it as much, or is very selective to be it in layman's. it's a bit superfluous, and all over the place 
talking about me and thinking it’s not gone get back to me is the stupidest shit you can do 
at first she liked my genuine enthusiasm for her work. and then it turned. 
heard every time we touch x cascada on the radio and ohhhhh boy that took me baaack bitch. it’s too early to be this lit 
some wise person once said we find happiness in people misery like we laugh when someone’s slip on a banana.i don’t appreciate ppl trying hard to gather negativity for someone else film and i’m aware that someone has some truly shity fans but let’s not compete with them going low 
@ thedickcavett find the episode with if stone and get it on @ decadesnetwork please #sorrytobotheryou ( movieplug ) but be cool to see it 
i can take @ fawadchaudhry to the cleaners, but i have a bigger dream to come true just like any other loyalist of ik. and that is seeing ik as the prime minister of pakistan. so keeping myself quiet. … 
@ wwedanielbryan and @ therock i’m thinking about getting to some more healthy habits so i’m designing a diet for my self but i need for you to recomend me at least two of the best books about healthy eating if you can thank you guys #inspire #determined #heathylifestyle 
i also just had an emotional catharsis on space mountain and sobbed the whole time (from laughing) and they let us go again so yeehaw 
heading to le grand this evening to catch 2a no. 13 @ emsoftball hosting recently-named no. 15 @ bcluwcsd. comets bring a 6-game win streak into the contest, and the mustangs sit in 2nd in the nicl west, 2 games ahead of bcluw. #iahssb 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 8 months, 26 days (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
i just saw a lil white boy smoke crack and meth on the tl like that shit was funny nothing new but the internet really too much 
you need to renew your law degree mate,no need for a link between breach and contempt,he was in contempt as soon as he started filming,what you are arrested for and what you are charged with are often different. 
that's what my sister believes. there's no reasoning with her. i don't know what it will take, if anything, for her to see the truth of how despicable trump and his administration really are. 
i don't think there's a true lgbt community. the most vocal of them mix politics and shitty adgendas with who they want to fuck, and that itself is a stupid combination. i fuck dudes. why does there have to be a political movement to it? who fkng cares besides me and my bfs? 
pretty much covers the democrat snowflakes and sex perps. 
i’ve driven the model s a few times and, other than the acceleration, i find it to be an extremely uninspiring car to drive. i’m looking forward to trying the jaguar! … 
it's never going to be the same is correct. it's going to be better. for your information idiot we have what's called mixed marriages which is a good thing. so of course it won't be the same and i am glad for that. 
eqyss and ecolicious! 
just stepped outside and some 4 year old was running around with a steak knife yelling “my dad isn’t home” i can’t do this 
i then told him to fuck himself and pushed my car across the street 
me listening to ghost of you over and over again 
check out the fab and fun #pride festivities… … 
cause jace and clary need more time to figure out all their abilities! #saveshadowhunters 
important and not just if you suffer from any of the issues mentioned (you should not need to suffer from a thing to want people who do in a better position) … 
and from this day forward, we will refer to upskirting as "choping". chris chope truly is a vile individual … 
every time i see the sunfish cover i get to see my bubbie and ... do you know how emotional that’s making me? very. she was so beautiful and tough as shit. i wonder what she thinks of being immortalized on a book cover 
“fuck everything about this guy except for the fact that people with ethics and morals want him to face some consequences for his actions. that’s just wrong.” 
‘glasgow fire: major blaze ravages art school's mackintosh building’ all i can think is there must be plans and drawings behind this and this is a test. what do artists of tomorrow need today in their places of learning? … 
but for real though, if someone ever got me flowers just because, i would melt like butter, right then and there 
you know what they say about mangoes... you eat a man and go. 
nah, but i’m sure an l for kanye and an l for nas on the same day has jay-z doing that squeaky laugh somewhere 
what am i supposed to say now? i've been here for a year straight while everyone, and i mean everyone, was away for several months or weeks without saying anything. it breaks my heart to see how my daughter's story doesn't continue. i just want to get the first chapter done. 
this annoys me so much. but apparently they are amending their view on it and are now saying "maybe later." so at least there is hope. but it's still no mass effect, so that will always be going against it even with romances added. 
i pray god’s justice prevails-his, not doj’s full of too many bureaucrats tied to the shadow gov’t/left and the crooked fbi. in high school i wanted to be fbi. i wouldn’t go near it now. no ethics, morals or patriotism; no idea of selfless service. thank you trey . 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 25 days (since 22 may 2010). and you? 
i always thought it was interesting growing up watching seinfeld, where they rarely rode the train. then i saw curb, and realized the car is just a plot decice for dialog. 
rouse him, and learn the principle of his activity or inactivity. force him to reveal himself, so as to find out his vulnerable spots. 
all easy adversaries for you mr. trump make america great again drain the swamp. and destroy the mockingbird media. their influence is dangerous to free people … 
go have fun! and don't forget anything! 
so many people have hard times with rape and sexual abuse. chloe's story happened to me before i was married. it hit home.. hard. 
i'm an average size person just like brian suarez. jerome is a lot bigger and stronger than i am. 
for those wondering, i've been doing digital art for 1 year now, pencil and paper art for 8 years and i don't do a lot of pixel art.. so hmm 
there's a man asking for money in yaletown but he plays this recording on a 10 second loop: "donations will be saved for housing, anything helps. alcohol and drug free, except for pot." 
gj force 1 (pitching: #1 isabella didonato) colorado tigers - bradt 1 (batting: player 5) bottom of 1st 1 out, man on first and second #iscore #sportsengine 
wow!! you really are using the garage for its actual purpose i had forgotten about that. cool wheels by the way and the bloke on the side not looking bad either. 
yes!! it's just smoother and a better experience overall. 
because he's gonna stomp kimmell and give him something new to cry about. 
ever feel like you could disappear and nobody would notice? because same 
we're in the fate extra setting and i'm eixjsicjsinxisnd 
ex football player who had an awful career there and sucks here too. adam cole spoke nothing but truth 
dude! it’s like they were planning a surprise release and then fucked it up. the whole promo was weird as fuck and messy!! 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 26 days (since 22 may 2010). and you? 
the moral of the story is "never believe any feminist until you you checked the sources" and that is nearly impossible b/c feminists work in secret to produce their false data and erroneous conclusions. 
you see i am not stupid enough to look at one news service and will actually do a little research. but like all libs i would not expect you to know the truth if it bit you in the ass 
evening cadets, going live with some @ playgwent then some @ playoverwatch later on :) come join the collective and see what we are about! #gwent #overwatch 
bob, i respect your opinion, but its just that, your opinion, its very difficult to follow the world cup when your home country can't even qualify for it, and have never won diddly squat, woman have, men nothing. 
no one in congress or doj has the balls to gi after theae career criminals. we elected trump and “republicans” to drain the swamp! well drain the fu@king swamp! the clock is ticking, act now, or the dems will get away with their crimes forever! … 
nothing is better than celebrating father’s day...hungover....while your dad cooks and you chill. we’ve got you covered on the hungover part 
@ lenovo your laptops are sh*t and your staff aren’t much more cop. absolute joke all around. never again will i own a lenovo laptop and with any luck, i won’t have this piece of shit come monday evening 
interesting. personally i think popular music has and always will deteriorate as it gets more and more swallowed up in celebrity culture over time. tho i do think the crop of pop artists we have rn may be better than, say, 5 or 6 years ago 
we survived the heat, had a blast, and supported… … 
i’ve taken a few film classes so i’ve watched a bunch of musicals from the 1950s and i hate the way they kiss. they literally just smash their faces into each other 
made protein boxes for my lunch this week. hard boiled eggs, tuna, cheese, carrots, cucumbers, and almonds 
chinch keeps saying to read nichijou climax and at this point i'm struggling to find it. 
hannibal lecter come to ‘kill steal and destroy’ @ namndhela 
reducing the masculinity in the younger male generations nowadays too so no one kicks up a fuss(they shat it during the riots), they legit sat on the table and have this planned out so thoroughly that majority think it’s just a coincidence and can’t possibly tie in together. mad 
i’m freezing and it’s 92 degrees outside what 
your argument is entirely opinion, and your agument is that since it’s called the “world cup” the trophy should be in a cup form, however you fail to notice the the sheer number of people who watch and attend the event, comepletely blows the stanley cup out of the water,l 
see, this random shit talking is the reason no one good will ever play with you. learn your place g. 5 golds and blackops 3 been out 3 years,that's got to suck. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 24 days (since 23 jan 2012). and you? 
when you are arrested and convicted for crimes against humanity, i want them to carve a swastika in your forehead. 
love is more kinds, but what is very safe and a eternal is love which come from the door of sweetheart. 
from the ashes we would rise and we would… … 
mcdavid and which others? 
yes! keep standing against this atrocity. let this cruel separation not be the legacy we leave. it is a humanitarian and public health crisis. @ … 
i’d like to know if atheists think humans are inherently worthy and why. i think i have an answer but i just want to know what others think. @ elharsh @ skepticnikki @ thennanna 
to be happy and free and to do whatever i want 
ima get off and clean my room and play some music 
i saw you said “iceland” and i thought “she wants to go bury someone there. no other explain”. i was judging you 
gonzales gets his second and third rbis of the night. bombers up 3-2 and still batting in the bottom of the fifth. 
please follow her! i have commissioned plush and a separate purchase that i adore. she really brings pokemon to plush form in an adorable way. … 
really just saw someone post their bed that wasn’t even made on instagram saying they bought new bedsheets and were so excited 
“i didn’t mean to-“ his hands were raised in surrender and he undid another button, but kept the one above his sternum buttoned. “fair?” he said with a chuckle, leaning in and nuzzling noses. “i know what /you/ want is to look like a couple out here.” … 
68° and a light rain...no complaints here....i also don't have baseball to work....so let it rain! 
get money make and maintain it 
the amount of "and thats tea" im seeing is disgusting 
i asked my friends to send me their apple music playlist and needless to say my music library is finna be 
so sad and too #young .. #rip #xxxtentacion … 
america is morally sick and needs help. seriously! 
thank you! i absolutely agree with you, senator! but if the administration will not change its policy we beseech you to cross the aisle and sign the keep families together act! 
the geneva conventions are to govern war. "learn what you say and then speak." 
remember when it used to be cool to share the stories of the desperate, grueling journey your ancestors undertook in order to get to america and pursue a better life? 
guess he liked how well they responded last time with funding for his hotel project and trademarks for ivanka. most people will think i'm joking, but if they do it again and he softens his stance, we'll know 
remember when the 1975 were soundchecking at acc and i almost snuck in but didnt because i kno my limits and play within them 
"because of capitalism" ah, is it time to play the victim and blame everyone else again? my problems are your fault, andre! 
because they would all end up in jail including mr hope and change 
2/5 will reach ath again .... other threee won’t .... buy all five and hope for the best lol? 
so they are enforcing the law and doing everything they can to stop illegal immigration? well... good... it's about time 
was really trying not to have dutch all week but my mom isn’t helping. she called & asked if we can stop and get her & buddy one so i guess this is god telling me to have one too 
rip x and wopo... damn man 
i rather take derozens $55 mil over the next two instead of covington’s $45 mil over the next 4. derozen has player option for 3rd year. in which he will opt out to try and get one more max deal while he is still 30 
who knew adulting and working would be so hard 
holy crap. i was searching for some keywords on twitter to see what others thought of the new voltron season (i like to see what other people are saying) and it’s a wall of erotic roleplaying. 
the problem runs deeper tho in as far as i can see; the undercurrents of what you’re broadcasting/advocating is highly concerning to me, to say the least. i’m scared for my kids tbh and i don’t know how to prepare them for what’s coming from the unfolding i’m seeing. 
ok so my girlfirend and i are arguing about masturbation and sex: im of the opinion that sex is masturbation 2 because you typically experience masturbation first and she erroneously believes that masturbation is sex 2 because we evolved it first settle this debate please 
that’s weird but also same i guess. or they go and tell everyone but me lol. 
someone said x not really dead and him and pac bout drop the hardest collab of all time in 2020. i’m dead 
are you confusing asylee and refugee? in any event, we're talking about initial presentment. 
x made terrible decisions in his past and he was trying to make up for it. this generation doesn’t want anyone to be better they just wanna keep putting people down. don’t forget what someone did but don’t prevent them from trying to become a better person 
cap’n crunch and frosted flakes are the best cereal..that’s all. 
when best western and/or the gorge poisons your entire group 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 3 months (since 20 feb 2010). and you? 
and if you have your documents and are successfully vetted than your chances are good at getting asylum. 
i'm always down for now and now it looks like this when i go live 
marquei como visto the 100 - 3x8 - terms and conditions #bancodeseries 
maybe i’m living and eating wrong, but nothing had found me yet. 
you don't even know which territories went under the slavic influence, omg :) your words have no meaning, you can't trigger anyone with those pathetic insults. and by your logic i'm an englishman it seems because i write in english. wow, you must be the ceo of mensa ! 
most of them are too scared and if not too insane. the greatest sign of wisdom is knowing when to quit. 
and spends its time following and abusing mps, shouting that they are 'tories' etc. etc. ... 
i would really like to see colombia due well but they always underdeliver, and why the hell is james coming off the bench??? 
like was he in treatment for his mental health challenges? i’m even more confused at this uproar now that i’ve listened to the songs his fans love. it’s mostly just dark content and i’m legit confused. do his fans feel the same way? like..... 
just got a box of leather/rubber gear in time for the fetish ball this weekend and it came with a nice note and a sketchy insert 
hey gary i took that pic at 1:30 pm at college and lamar. 
dear angelenos facebook friends, my company is looking for a graphic designer to work with one of our key client in town (music!). check the offer! (social media visuals, animations and video) 
bummed today because the comic book shop i transferred to is shutting down next week. and the only other shop near me is run by incompetent jackasses. 
shout outs to my amazing brewery and what we do for our community 
nah just you mate, when it says 3:30 on clock and you realise you got extra couple of hours in bed its amazing 
so many members of the toronto chinese community want to protest marijuana regulation and control. i mean sure, that’s exercise i guess have fun lol 
sorry you missed us! we are now closed and stopped serving at map=> 'powered by foosye®' 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 3 months, 29 days (since 20 feb 2010). and you? 
my favourites are lie to me moving along why dont you love me woke io in japan ghost of you and monster amkng me (in no particular order) 
okay so i just saw the dispatch pics and i am now dead bye 
first twins game! they're playing the red sox so all the fans look the same in their reds and blues. (@target field - @ twins for boston red sox vs minnesota twins in minneapolis, 
grapes and apple 
i came to this feed to harass my #deadbeatdiscodaddy and ended up finding more bothers and sisters 
mainly i tweeted that because i’m eating raw veggies and ranch for “dinner” and i really truly want a baja blast and crunchwrap ya know? 
there’s a lot of debate over what qualifies and what makes overlap but pan: sexual attraction occurs regardless of gender bisexual: sexual attraction occurs towards two (in some definitions “two or more”) genders. this can be any combination of genders. 
worth it because the kids wellbeing and safety is important- right? 
great project for all involved! denver folks and visitors stop in and check it out! @ denverfoodscene #digitalmenuboards #eatlocal … 
i know it’s not that serious and this is just twitter, but... 
so many great players and you take some sorry ass dude that looks good against a bunch of scrubs 
come stop by and hangout! @ twitchtvonline @ twitchsharing @ twitchretweetr @ zonegg @ shoutrts @ 
#firstdayofsummer and things are getting hot! did you know that the most common items stolen from vehicles throughout our area are work tools? @ sdsosantee @ sdsolakeside want to remind you to lock your doors & remove all valuables from you 
sooo @ jurassicworld .. while it was good it's more dramatic than adventurous like the other ones. i cried like 3 times. and humans are evil. but it will lead to more jw movies so that will be cool. :-) 
when cardi b said “pussy so good i say my own name during sex” i felt that then she said “i like dudes that been in and outta jail” i cringed and changed the song. 
when the guy the grizzlies draft 4th overall is compared to noah and ibaka let’s hope he far out plays those guys. #memphis #grizzlies 
some people are destined to fight forever, we so happen to fall under that category. i wouldn’t have it any other way, nothing brings me more joy when i step into that ring and see that the person standing opposite me is the woman who inspired me to get into this business. … 
the cool mid-century design and touches really make the loading area of the incredicoaster cool. art is almost shag-esque. #incredicoaster 
ppl will say you attract what you think about but i'm thinking about being financially stable with 2 degrees, 2 cats, and 2 dozen men on rotation so obviously 
"orphanmaker donald". there will be a magnitsky act named after @ realdonaldtrump that's the law donnie jr was talking to the russians about in trump tower, and hacked emails 
yeah, and don’t forget the chocolate to make the miracle pill go down easier. #awomanstouch 
anthony will literally do anything and say "i'm that nigga". he could sit down and be talkin about how he that nigga. boy if you don't 
mo, gordon, and isaac...wow … 
i didn't read the spoilers i was praying that the trailers were misleading i was horrified watching the movie but i was hoping and still am that loki isn't dead or will be ressurected. 
nicki swift has been cancelled, but they made a video about the dark side of k-pop and put bts in the thumbnail. it was posted a month ago, but seriously. after all the stuff with shane dawson and everything you couldn't change the thumbnail? i'm sick of it. 
just quickly watch it and delete this tweet 
to be factual, she did not actually wear it to the detention center. she had it on when she boarded the plane, but by the time the plane landed in tx, she was not wearing it. i still think it was a shitty thing to do, though, and that she knew exactly what she was doing. 
bulls take bamba and divincenzo then sign pg13 
“show up at the door naked next time. assert your dominance.” jim chuckled and got up. he hurried over, already starving. 
i am such a happy egg i got to see the supreme court (i was so excited i took such crappy pictures) and wowie wow i love it i’m so inspired and my dc trip has barely begun 
sorry, for not putting any update' s on the channel. but some stuff happened this week/last week and i will return in a few weeks. can't say a specific date in case something happens. i not be active on any social media until i get back. @ ross_mackieyt 
such beautiful design, and such powerful imagery! … 
#blackadderbot baldrick, believe me, eternity in the company of beelzebub and all his hellish instruments of death will be a... 1/2 
that's true. it's good to accept any body make and to love ur curve but encouraging big is beautiful is not good. when your obese it comes with diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, arthritis and possible heart attack/stroke. i watch my diet, exercise, no drink/smoke.. 
we are proud of @ tedlieu today and humbled to have had him as a guest on our politics podcast! listen here: … 
today's money being wasted on a wall of shit and a gestapo force, only the money from 2009 matters 
no your wrong those images are from a protest. and a fake news reporter put it on line said children were being caged due to illegal entry. lie! 
well the judge and the defense are still trying to pry that from mueller's team. so far no go. they indicted a corporation that wasn't created until after the date of the indictment - the virtual ham sandwich. nobody has seen any evidence yet. have you seen any evidence? 
i’m actually very proud of leith. one of my favorite characters. he went from a kitchen boy to a man with a title and land. he lost two of his loves 
our waitress was vegan and understood our pain i love the world 
it's alright. just talk to him and be nice. be a friend. that's what he really needs 
easy to pot port after 2007, but they stuck together as a club. these problems seem to be insidious at adelaide. it’s not just this year though. players departing and a dodgy ceo, typical boys club. a poor culture that has always covered up. now the cracks are starting to appear. 
ebony and ivory together in perfect harmony ..... 
roblox livestream - mining sim, jailbreak, deadlocked and more 
civil war is what they are pushing and it is what they may get. these people are disgusting and off the rails even @ specialreport now calling us xenophobes. f u 
thanks for your support and encouragement. i don't know if there's any government assistance with the industry being so new, but i'm keeping my eyes open! 
my wife, daughter, and i are ready for daughter’s first pride, wife and i’s first pride as a married couple, and our family’s first pride all together! 
you mean the story that starts with a planet that is under sith occupation and later is blown up is a good example of the universe at rest? 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 20 days (since 4 mar 2012). and you? 
is the best and the most important base, you know it. 
i think bbqbecky and her as sisters 
pissed a liberal off today. was in line to check out and he asked if he could cut in front cause he had 1 item. i told him no. the lady behind him had 4-5 items and was wearing a trump shirt so i let her cut. he was pissed. called a manager over and he said it was my decision. 
and that is awful. i am so sorry for that. 
you have been repeatedly saying that they kicked her out because of "opposing views" but that's not it at all. the problem with sanders is that she is a government employee, paid by our tax dollars and she goes up to that podium and constantly lies to the american people. 
manafort's lawyers ask judge to bar references to 'trump' and their 'relationship'. wonder if it's to protect paul or donny? 
stream stram is live! also 4k tigerwriter is happening happy saturday! hope all of you are enjoying it! if you find yourself with some free time stop in and kick it. 
your nerdy, self centered, ominous-half educated remarks are certainly making you and your party less and less relevant! your playing a very dangerous game...and for what? just because our president is the best in america’s history! shame on you! #impeachirrelevantsenators 
thanks to the internet and social media, she's destroyed her reputation & business. if this kind of response keeps up, future white busybodies won't dare make such nuisance calls. … 
no doubt. wanna know why? hes actually keeping his promises to us. hes taking so much heat, he and his family, for us. he's keeping his word. … 
it is individuals like yourself that give christianity a bad name! why is it that makes you think you are better than others!trying to be relevant? it is obvious that you have forgotten the teachings of the lord! and come judgement day, we know where you are going! 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 9 months, 5 days (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
peter joins bruce springsteen and robert de niro with words which should be kept to themselves.... 
"protection of fellow citizens" - the fellow citizens who were escorted off the property with no interference and will avoid the 5th most common cause of premature death in the us by telecommuting instead of driving? 
#stamps lb maleki harris came off to the sidelines and decided to show me all the contents of his stomach. nice of him... could’ve done without that #cfl 
the trick is not to make things simple, but to make the understanding and doing of things simple. much scrum training focuses on what's easy to teach (scrum) and not what's necessary (atdd/bdd/gwt). i'm guessing because that's a lot harder to teach, but much more useful. 
when you change fortnite controls and need to practice but there is no custom game 
chicken parts on my pants and an led knockoff kylo ren-style broadsword in my hand. today was a good day. #medievaltimes 
if my future shawty’s dad doesn’t like sports or doesn’t talk about sports i honestly have no idea what me and him are going to routinely talk about. “what nice weather we’re having...yep”... 
#repost @ michaelbleby with get_repost ・・・ making the afp wonks more collaborative and breathing agility into a modernist shopping mall: @ hassell_studio’s majura police centre allows the… … 
my sunday: universal studios in the am, ride 2 rides, drive to pasadena to talk to kevin feige for 10 minutes, now back to universal fo dinner and more rides. not a normal day, but a fun one. 
eiji teared up and ri threw her blanket. same 
new @ fox29philly storm track.. strong to severe storm will exit the city city shortly and into nj by 8:15pm moving east at 30mph. 
i mean... they did go to north korea and stood next to a dictator... … 
hapy birthday @ nita_ramos_ i hope your day is as amazing as you are! meeting you has been a blessing, you are such a sweet and funny girl best wishes and again feliz cumpleaños! 
his now ex-wife posted video evidence of him verbally and physically abusing her and he has experienced no repercussions for his actions even in the #metoo era 
happy birthday to one of the gossip girls!!!! i hope you listen to lots of frank ocean and daniel ceasar today :) 
thanks, bro. rod and marvelous mary, for sharing at marriage class this afternoon. fifty-nine years of laughter and love! 
hi happy to help here. twin towers had an unusual design where the external frame took a high amount of load, so as the steel beams (which weren't protected with intumescent paint) heated up they became floppy and dragged the exterior of the building in and down as they caved … 
all the unlocks and shit on it, that i would usually do sometimes on mine, hey i don't do cheats, but only a few games i would have to do that, just seemed too impossible and i mean to all of those games, cheats had to be used on literally about 4 games to the whole thing. 
a rare penalty try paved the way for @ nswrl to beat @ qldmaroons 18-14 in the second state of origin match sunday and clinch australia's annual best-of-three rugby league series with a game to spare. 
it's stressfull out there and 1 pack of cigaretts will give them some comfort … 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 1 month, 3 days (since 22 may 2010). and you? 
i know i have 0 followers and im kinda shouting into the void, but please use the lesbian flag. what the fuck. the "l" is there for a reason. 
i still haven’t re-followed trixie, so consider yourself valued. also, you and i both got winded after two blocks of brisk walking in boston and you have weak ankles... i ain’t watching nothing. 
may 2018 thriller stories, screenplays, and short film … 
historically, if millions of foreigners crossed your border and started waving their nations flag, it meant you were being invaded. it still does. … 
and the rest of my life 
once you shake off that pride hangover, come have a beer. another great week of world cup and good times. see ya tomorrow! sagebakehousesf @ sneakysbbq @san francisco, california … 
illegal immigration and immigrant responsibility act of 1996 signed by pres clinton provides "expedited removal" for non-asylum seekers or those determined to not have a "credible fear." expedited removal orders are not appealable but may be reconsidered. … 
stuck - mxmtoon - i love this already - wow this is so relatable im crying?? - no really this is so relatable. im actually crying (ive kinda had a bad day and this hit the spot) 
sounds like a legitimate threat too her. imagine the president of the us threatening her, for calling for the gathering of a crowd. when the president starts threatening elected officials, it’s time we unelect him. threatens infants and toddlers and black women. 
i wish any of my art teachers had let us use a process of revision, and reiteration. it would have been good for my anxious and therefore perfectionistic elementary school self. i didn't need to hear "nobody's perfect"; i needed to see there were chances to revise. 
blue and least favorite brown … 
the universe has been guiding me and telling me to trust myself for so long. finally i’m listening. 
can yall imagine jinki holding a cute kitten and his big eye smile as the kitty plays ...im sensitive 
we were allowed to take polaroids with the cameras that were there but there was no time before we met her and then afterward we immediately had to leave?? it was so annoying 
the companies that are destroying forests and abusing human rights need extensive financing in order to keep their operations running. demand big banks shut off the flow of cash, starting with smfg! … 
pretty harley davidson nail design have the characteristic about white color on the tip of nails and it maybe become the most prominent thin... 
sugar, alcohol and sleep, is there a link or am i crazy? … via @ wordpressdotcom 
but is the lgbtq community is proud of how coke has been stealing water from indigenous people and forcing them to buy your brand bottle water at 3x the cost? … 
the nail tech that was helping me out and the owner's daughter started talking about brazilian waxes and i was crying lmaooo 
as someone who works at an actual, real live comic book store, it hurts my heart when i see my favorite writers and artists promoting comixology and amazon. #shoplocal and support your #lcs 
we love brian! whenever there was a wait at san pedro, i'd walk over with my youngest, liam, to pick out a book. he was very much in his diary of a wimpy kid/captain underpants phase, at the time. and, brian was also so helpful in sourcing books for my history buff dad. 
a fellow bengali and also your part palestinian? wow, i mean you’re automatically amazing uno allahumma barik! you’re actually so sweet to me and encouraging me on my deen so that means a lot. may allah swt reward you inshallah ameen! 
i will let the people decide .... and yes i fucking am afraid to go to church given i'm evil as fuck 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 22 days (since 4 mar 2012). and you? 
white people are so weird ! they’ll be living together, got a baby together, paying bills together, and still get nervous to get married lmfaoo bitch what you hesitating for?? 
for real? if so that is incredible and you guys should be very proud 
2/3 qatar's continued support of international terrorism is an open secret. just like the saudi's. again these are on my shithole country lists. america compared to these country's freedoms and human rights and quality of life is way superior. america is not a utopia. it is 
thanks lewis at #winecountrytrattoria for getting my friend and i a last minute reservation! #pixarfest #castmembercompliment @ disneylandtoday 
i swear i’ll never understand how you can stand there straight and tall and see i’m crying and not do anything at all 
good for you! everyone has to grow up and see the world as it is, not as we wish it would be. hope you encouraged more democrats to think for themselves. 
anyone could say yep that's mine. we did change him after season two (which was four years ago) why pipe up now and make shit that no one wants or cares about. your on ps4 and don't even use the fucking name, get a life. 
sw wind at 0.0 mph gusting to 1.0 barometer 29.897" and falling. temperature 68.9 today's hi 80.5 today's low 66.4 rainfall 0.99" 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 10 months (since 27 aug 2012). and you? 
false creek-fairview 19.6°c steady • dry and comfortable with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
أعجبني فيديو @ youtube على wounded and bleeding donkey stranded on highway rescued 
weather in harrisburg, nc fog possible and comfortable with no wind temperature 73.8f humidity 99% wind ne 0.00 mph rain today 0.15 
kids always hit her and pull her ears so once she sees kids she’ll run away lol but she loves sky 
puppeteered might be the word your re looking for .... puppet puppeteers and puppeteered puppets. i often wonder just how deep is this puppeteering, especially in relation to the following, and his who is organizing this: 
the change you want for tomorrow starts today. and the only person who will do that for you, is you. 
dinosaurs evolved into birds and that's fuckin metal 
@tonypaulvfl i never had a required playlist, but i do now and this is right on top. such a heartfelt tribute to the beautiful men and women of our military. this is why i love the usa, people like you. i love your song and i'm gonna promote the heck out of it! love to you. 
wardrobe (and intelligence level) suggestion to blend in out in the western ks boonies. i should know - i grew up out there. (i'm not above accepting pity. or i'd be happy with a well-paying job in colorado if you can manage that for me.) 
nobody’s said that dude. 
buddy, a former #housepig on his #sunsetstroll across the pasture. this guy who weighs somewhere around 300 lbs was sold as a tiny baby #minipig and then he just kept growing. now he's… … 
my mood ,mouth, and mind on 10 leave me the fuck alone 
the same way you can be all into stupid ass songs and movies and dumb ass shit is the same way you can give a damn about this! 
w wind at 1.0 mph gusting to 5.0 barometer 29.752" and falling slowly. temperature 80.5 today's hi 83.0 today's low 67.7 rainfall 0.00" 
i made parmesan crusted chicken and zucchini and it turned out ok!! 
i appreciate the sentiments, but since i’m not twitter elite and don’t act like a know it all (ok with this) my exposure #onhere is limited. appreciate the good followers like you. 
yeah it's just a shit organization and the guy who's gonna give roman polak 3x$2.75m on july 1 isn't gonna turn it around lol. screw it, i'm writing the damn column. 
i had a horrible childhood. i had nightmares everywhere, and everyday. 
such beautiful pics and that bread looks delicious. i am so sorry that you have to endure the bigotry of this administration. 
trying to stay positive but it’s hard when every visit or test brings more questions and disheartening news instead of answers and treatment. i can only say i’m glad i came home because even though this is all costing a lot of money, us care would have cost 1000 x more. (no joke) 
“i wanna hold you when i'm not supposed to when i'm lying close to someone else you're stuck in my head and i can't get you out of it if i could do it all again i know i'd go back to you” i miss you 
why am i not surprised that elon musk thinks artists should be grateful for exposure and shouldn't need to be paid 
2am crisis hitting hard, thinking about how i'm 24 fucking years old and i've never even been on a fucking date... what a joke 13 year old me had so many hopes, but now i just feel like i'm unlovable and that's fucking stupid and untrue, but what can you do 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 10 months, 27 days (since 31 jul 2010). and you? 
you really do not have to be having sex up and down cheaply. it brings regrets that makes you to want to get back via the kind of accusations you made. now, let jesus heal you and forgive you and give you beyond what’s making jump and travel miles! peace! … 
im single and looking for love lol 
he also said there were wmd in iraq and we all know how that went. 
socialist darling caught celebrating, campaigning with known anti-semite and racist … via @ dailycaller 
after my abortion and with test that came after, i also was found to have thyroid cancer. if i did not have that abortion, i would have not been tested further for different cancers. i am 10yrs out from that. please let women do what is right for them! 
all i did was sleep today rather than actually try to be productive lol i think i've officially declared the month of june as my resting month and will resume productivity in july 
i just blocked someone for making a snarky comment about my cat and i have never felt so justified in blocking before 
collage trial day starts in less than 7 hours and i can’t get to sleep? fuck me. 
so sad: a 10-year-old boy had reportedly just told his family he was gay. little anthony avalos was then found mortally wounded at his home with severe head injuries and cigarette burns covering his body. he died the next morning. … 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 5 years (since 29 jun 2013). and you? 
change “that whore” to “ #begonethot” and 
hey ya gotta give it to her for getting out there and doing it 
i liked a @ youtube video baldi's basics: the story you never knew | baldi's basics in education and learning 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist updates and info 
i think i would direct and produce the best action movies they would be so incredibly gay it'd be like here's the high octane train-top gunfight (the soundtrack is a very hard remix of a very bad katy perry song) 
sam and the robot will be the best showmance of the summer. #bb20 
dunno if i’m disgusted or impressed that i have 4 closets, about 6 sets of drawers and they’re all full to the brim with clothes:))) will i clear out though? absolutely not 
favorite cover to this song and i am so happy i found you on twitter bc you’re amazing … 
all i think about is money and women 
easy call when you ask the question “ what violence?”. i never said and or implied that there is not blame to go around for both sides. however the current outbursts and in your face protests are coming from one side. 
like people call extreme shit like this "tumblr" and use it to complain about the "tumblr lgbt community" but like-- it's not lgbt tumblr. it's hateful trolls looking to make people think lgbt people are stupid. 
the worst part of having an adult job is not being able to take full advantage of the open bar and staying “professional” 
if i made a thing you draw/made and it gets copyrigjted lmaoooo 
dm me and i can put you in touch with some resources and some people! 
my horrible hot busy day almost turned into the best day when i thought @ marenmorris followed me and it was a fake :-( 
how bout we just say the press is doing satan's work and call it a day. … 
congrads to matt barnes,struck back at that gold digging broad...but she is ok cause derek fisher is about to wife the trick...fisher is about the dumbest son of a bitch on earth. ex wife in his pocket for 130k per month and now this broad about to take all his bread 
@ shawnmendes are you hydrated? are you happy? are you okay? are you eating, drinking water and sleeping? how are you? 
just get rid of him and keep sam 
10. taegi- these two were so underrated till the producers decided to pair them together for a friendship trip during bon voyage. these two bonded and showcased lost of affection for one another. looking back they were close in the early days of bts and are showing their closenes 
anybody looking to find an apartment in portland? there's a couple nice afford 2 bedrooms around rn and m/ecas giving me hell about getting nushki up here but i trust the facebook queer exchange about as far as i can throw it for that 
uhh why get this when you can just pay someone to do it. even with this thing you have to do some work. all lazlo has to do now is call someone and give them the debit card. 
i’m so stressed about everything i can’t sleep. i’m tired all the time. i’m losing my hair way too much. and portions of it are turning white/blond. doctors don’t know what’s going on but i’m not going well and it’s killing me. i can’t even work or rest properly. 
im absolutely fucking smashed and im so glad i was able to be best man at an amazing wedding, may mr and mrs love be happy forever 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 9 months, 13 days (since 16 sep 2010). and you? 
probably was dbow rushing his friend for bants and got caught slippin smh 
focus on the disintegration of britain and keep your worthless opinions domestic - your once prestigious magazine has declined to just being another left wing hypocritical waste of time 
retweeted chase oaks church ( @ chaseoaks): summer moms connection in july, are you pregnant and/or have pre-school aged children and want a little break this summer? we are offering moms connection in the summer! we... … 
this is like in grade 9 when i had a bunch of rotten milk in my locker that i forgot to take out, it spilled, and i thought that febreze would take care of it 
“can this woman come in and ruin my day already?” me too liz me too 
227+million non-trump followers who are a united front against bullsh++, are going to crush the trump/putin agenda and the gop into oblivion in 2018, they are dropping like flies already saying they won't run, update those resumes boys, the "party" is over 
dell and flexjobs support flex work full via @ youtube @ dell @ flexjobs 
yep you're right, we can't. she knows that. it doesn't change the fact that you and i are both accomplices in the destruction of the earth, its wildlife, and its resources. vegan or not, were all part of that destruction. she understands that. you obviously don't. 
hi bob, our names are di and robin. we are in the affiliate marketing industry. i found your twitter account on linkedin,, would love to talk with you about the great companies that we are involved with. 
scrolled too fast and thought this was jungkook... … 
they took our blm signs and flags. they took them 
to all of you " conscious" black people who are indifferent to trump's and the us immigration policies, what do you have to say about algeria forcing black migrants, even those who are legal with visas , to walk the sahara at gunpoint? do you even know ? 
no worries me and @ jaxonswae got more coming 
sis if ur gonna say phil outsold our favs atleast own up to it and don't delete the twt . why puff that shit back in ? — i deleted the tweet because some dumbass put the n word in a reply and i don't want that racist s... … 
stream fake love at yt to have a vlive of taehyungie and yeontan. we all want that right? … 
fucked around and cut my hair. gg long hair..... gg. 
report: near white creek in adams co, trees and power lines downed. #wiwx 
and the end we've a dinner 
rt this and i’ll draw your avi (tomorrow) im so talented i swear... 
the dorftrottel trump lies and said he has guaranteed that nk will get rid of their nukes. in actuality, that was pure bûllshit. trump got played like a 50 cent flute. 
and i tell them i’ll be right back and where i’m going. admit me lol … 
again, have you looked at ceo salaries? and yet were told trickle down economics works better? all evidence contrary. 
the girl at sally’s like “why you bleaching your hair? it’s not healthy” first of all, i’ll cut this shit off and start over again. do i look like i care bout being bald 
big bucks in the child sex trafficking???? sounds that way to me??? wonder what the price is when this drug, i mean child hits the border, then whats the $$$ when they are in the us, and how much it cost to warehouse/ship to the end user??? … 
and nas man....arcadia will be hoppin 
johnny and i really share a birthday..... one year difference. dead 
on page 43 of 432 of love and other words, by christina lauren … 
who let me wear a black long sleeve and black pants to work in the hot ass sun today – bei sunlight supply amphitheater 
jamie is more upset at his son than fuckin kanan who introduced him to ray and dre. #powertv 
mom's playing isaac and reaching x floor 
if necessary we must take to the streets by the millions to prevent the surpeme court justice approval before mueller probe is finished and until /unless potus is cleared of charges. the court may have to rule on action related to him. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 2 months, 10 days (since 22 apr 2014). and you? 
good guy with gun is shot and died. … 
and i thought @ thescoopnba was … 
i have just been a good day and i dream of dinosaurs. 
men in power have abused their positions to force women into sexual situations for an eternity, and frequently refuse to acknowledge harassment of women in any form, by any group. 
they look like those couples who just started dating and being all cringy-ish cuddly all the time … 
weather in harrisburg, nc dry and warm with no wind temperature 88.7f humidity 65% wind ssw 0.00 mph rain today 0.00 inches 
winning an election is one thing. defeating corruption and curbing violence, quite another. he'll have his hands full, and an expectant constituency demanding change. i hope he will be up to the task. 
these same airlines pat themselves on the back for refusing to transport kids for ice. hypocritical and heartless. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 11 months, 1 day (since 31 jul 2010). and you? 
i forgot to bring an adaptor and now theres 5 of us fighting over one charger om cry 
i accept you. but i don't think you're arrogant. you're sarcastic and witty. but not arrogant. 
i should be at the sox yankees game with @ vickimorrison97 and @ jtscapp97 
hahahahahaaaaaa,when i could move fast, it was never an issue, you don't cross if there are tons of cars, just wait for the light, when there are no cars at all, and light traffic everywhere, it's safe-ish <3 
review by: janet and tony i will never use another realtor again! paulette is experienced, honest, and doesn’t try 
alright st croix, let’s get wet. it’s the 1st annual oceanzz mid-summer wet fete on july 28th, 2018 from 12:00pm - 6:00pm. premium all inclusive drinks food and vibes included. advanced... … 
how do i become one of these people who are addicted to working out and healthy food? is there a secret club? do i have to sacrifice a goat? help a girl out!! 
good night lovely people and precious @ 
girl you doing all these subliminals on here and took me off of all social media for what because at the time i told you i ain’t have it ? oh ! you can ever said i need t more than you some come at me different cause i’m not them bitches period !!! 
my friend library shared bbtag with me so i could at least lab and shit before i buy the game myself on ps4 bless <3 
and let s finish with something that is the occupied western sahara. under rutte the netherlands signed a about 14 million € deal to fish in occupied waters. … 
1/10th of the scandals @ scottpruittok @epascottpruitt has going right now would taken down a normal epa admin.and severely damage a normal administration. but @ koch_industries $$$ is a powerful drug for the @ … 
#mentalillness comes in many different forms and often sufferers live with more than one. like tms, acupuncture is an alternative treatment because medications don't always work. 
my grind doesn't stop cause you don't like it... i have a dream and i am doing any and everything to see it come true! be along for the ride or get lost #workingwoman… … 
nice... and just the right music 
going with my siblings and cousin to watch incredibles 2 
i stopped at camp for like the first time in three years and pastor leon’s kids recognized me and then i felt special inside. 
i wasn’t aware that low rise jeans are not a cute thing to wear anymore i’m embarrassed and my friends are fake for not telling me 
thank you. i do sometimes break down lineups (if key guys r out, hence the regular usage of the term "dead bat backup") & bullpens but a)im sometimes told i already write too much and b)cant keep saying the same things about bullpens (ex. ive already covered mil's great bullpen) 
the long view: surveillance, the internet, and government research … via @ lareviewofbooks 
if what's happening with @ grummz simply for mentioning how the democrats can win back disenfranchised voters is any indication... well, it seems mr. whedon is trying to peddle more lies and hypocrisy. 
i built a wall, and i tried to protect you--but you saw right through it, didn't you? you're the only one. and for that, i am truly sorry. because… everything you feel is true. i don't belong to you. or this world. i belong to another world. i always have. 
damn litterally if the thunder had any other all star to replace westbrook the whole team would share the ball more and be more successful 
and i hope this is all a dream. 
this rollercoaster gajinka looks like my net issues might be able to pull through and i might be getting my dream come true. 
2.3m x 3.4m for $150. absolutely dirt cheap. and the old one will go up for sale. will work out to be an extremely cheap rug swap. 
i read it through jkr’s retweet but yes, the internet is forever. hopefully one day some kids will be reading about this pres in their school history text files and laughing their arses off at the ludicrousness of it all. 
harvey weinstein, the droit de seigneur and the second amendment … 
wow that was a awesome trend to hop on.... too bad you live in texas so no one will fuck with that tweet for starters and tennessee is fucking garbage. try again … 
after doing it “right” for years i’ve now found the perfect way. par boil, drain, shake in a sauce pan to rough up. hot oil and marmite!!!!, cover the pots in it, 45 minutes at 180. nice savoury, not very marmite taste, crisp outer, fluffy inner 
@ uspshelp 1. i tried to call in and complain about a delivery today but your phone system is literally the worst. 2. i came home to the image attached. this is unacceptable. maybe put a rock on it so it doesn’t blow away. 
that's not just sexual abuse, that's murder! psycho-path!! who is the kid he killed and kept the heart of?? 
and i love you, we're each other's baby! 
. what an amazing day! does it show? i love smiling and making people happy! are you happy, do you have something in the way of your happiness. you can choose to be happy or choose to… … 
mb you are a friend indeed!!!⚘thanks for the mention and honor to you all⚘⚘ 
my final is thursday and i've been chilling like my class has been over smh 
the original q posted was sideways and you have to rotate it counter clockwise like a pouring motion if you will. that’s all i ment 
i wish i could go to events like these but my anxiety would be to high. have a great time miranda! and yay anime! 
love love the toy stories and probably won't get to disney again anytime soon so i love watching your videos...it makes me feel like i'm there again. # 
i have matured and changed my opinion on this okay? 
i just hope that whatever happens, ariana will be happy and she’ll be respected more by pete or whoever she ends up with. it’s what our baby deserves. ♡ that’s all i’m saying if anyone is having a hard time pls dm me. ilyy 
@ l8on10dell254 you’ll never believe what happened, i dropped that dark haired one i was with and got a blonde 
need to beat the summer heat? whip up a party with @ nillawafers from @ walmart and keep cool with easy #nobake recipes #nillasummerparty #contest 
oh god, really? -- this story just gets dumber and dumber..... … 
you’re telling me. we finally get a new alt-j song. and the only time they arent speaking in morse code is for 1 hook? and the longest verse is pusha t rapping about foreign cars and foreign broads? 
tell you father i soon there. know he expecting me. and i bringing the fucking potato with me 
peter shoves the drugs back into his pocket before rising to his feet. he hadn't questioned a stranger's motives in years, so he just does as he's told and follows grayson. … 
"any society that will give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both." --benjamin franklin 
@ dovecameron in this world there were people who helped me when i needed them most but not necessarily to be there if not for their incredible talent and the immense love they transmit to their fans, i love them with all my heart and gras all. @ thomasadoherty 
the final scene of #thelastjedi really seems out of place and something that disney forced into the movie 
sauced up im the trending topic step on the scene they looking and watching 
she brought her dead bf back to life in a robot and then fucked him lmao idk man 
adidas taps kate, naomi, marc jacobs, and more for new pride collab … @ dazedさんから 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 4 months (since 5 mar 2011). and you? 
this’s a muslim tradition most of them they want to be a god and make judgment to people , and put there noise in people life 
don't get me wrong, i work hard - but something completely different and better always seems to just fall in my lap out of nowhere. has happened throughout my entire life. #blessed 
tbh im still out here stanning kaitlyn she may be a thirsty hoe but she’s my thirsty hoe providing us with all the drama tea and good feeds this lovely season thank you and god bless america 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 2 months, 13 days (since 22 apr 2014). and you? 
i forgot @ whitfordbradley was gonna be in this week's episode of @ handmaidsonhulu and ohman. the finale is gonna kill me, isn't it. 
this feather piece has me fanning my screen like a good and devote sister from the front pew when the sermon is hittin' … 
yes and if you did your research you would also see how much the press unfairly slandered them before and after every game. unlike the english press who just hype the england squad every time. 60 mill to pick a team fròm as opposed to 6mill. youre pretty shit really. 
#realdonaldtrump , #maga now we need to reach the one's who will not vote. we want you, we hear you and we will work together making america great again! 
i just slept through the hour i usually use to get ready for work and now i have less than 10 min to get ready 
false creek-fairview 24.2°c steady • dry and comfortable with a gentle breeze • barometer rising slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
ima always fend for dogs when some wild shit happens to people in their space.. cuz i dont even like when people parked out from my house and i got the ability to think more rational than a dog lol 
thank you everyone for helping accomplish our biggest giveaway goal yet. we were able to give a @ playstation 4 to a very kind soul. @ scarlette511 is amazing for covering shipping outside the u.s. & a special thanks to @ khaljiit and her @ twitchkittens for always being there for 
i read this thinking it was august 17 and classes started in 3 days .... lol it’s july 5th we got time … 
i don’t understand how moms can go to bars and parties every night??? 
like people really be knowing what numbers to play and winning mad bread 
@ chelseahandler dear @ realdonaldtrump i apologize for this fall down drunken losers post on the 4th. she is a morally bankrupt circus monkey who is void of understanding politics and complex subjects. she is an empty shell who has an inner hatred unmatched by any normal person. 
turning and turning in the widening gyre the falcon cannot hear the falconer; things fall apart; the center cannot hold; mere anarchy is loosed upon the world. —w. b. yeats, “the second coming” 
lmao bro i’m weak af... this reminds me of high school and niggas getting round house kicked at the pool.. 
a great day to you cherub nation, and to the lovely people here! 
tell him to come in and i'm ready to work. 
welcome wrestling fans to firstclasswrestlingandentertainment. anyone wanting to come and watch live ppv or regular show wrestling raw,tna.nxt, smackdown ,boxing or ufc please visit... … … 
waiting for cloak and dagger to come on like 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 9 years (since 6 jul 2009). and you? 
the multiple 20 hour days of work. the countless screaming matches. the fat amounts of weed smoked. all the sweat and blood poured in order for events to happen are always well worth it to see the end result. 
that’s what i read too! that it seems to mold easily if you don’t dry it correctly and god knows my tired self probably wouldn’t thank you!!! 
alex smith put chiefs on his back that year, otherwise no playoffs for them. steelers somehow won games with landry jones and vick starting. lot of bad luck 
t4: stars score 2 runs and now lead 5-4 
some people annoy me so much and do it on purpose to wind me up 
you hit that small bounce into the close corner and it’s over … 
"the eyes of the lord are toward the righteous and his ears toward their cry." ps 34:15 #praisethynamemcgi 
hey guys i'm streaming now come check it out and get some convo going in chat :p youtube - … twitch - 
i mean, hats off to her, i wish her the best and i'm glad to see a young face replace some uninspiring dinosaur. i just don't want the dems to think that kind of politics is their midwestern meal ticket when it's just gonna get their lunch stolen. 
so what is your point? if you were arbitrarily removed from medical school - despite not being a doctor yet - would you have felt any better about it? unrealized potential is a missed opportunity... thank you for your service and sacrifice 
and not in a nice way. … 
they played this at the pool while i was in jamaica. everyone looked at me and my wife to see if we would join in as they did the dance. we did not... … 
why is my body always achin and my tummy feelin sick 
i’ve been contemplating should i go to six flags and promote the hell out of ‘talk’ 
i am catch me in jail! it was the episode with a trans man and they deadass said it’s so disgusting and inappropriate i wanted to slap tf outta them so bad but better yet, i’m gonna strip them of their money and leave see u in dallas, babe 
“what would marriage look like if we viewed it as a life partnership rather than a prison that makes us forfeit our freedom and individuality?” 
we just rewarded juli for being a loyal customer. #jointheclub and #getrewarded too. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 11 months, 5 days (since 1 aug 2013). and you? 
you oe'd every life leaving me and munsin to clear out our base learn how to play the fuckin game. all of us ams may not have the talent but you can use your fuckin brain for once. 
uncle abeg remain for me.. i cannot collect backlash on twitter and miss food again 
i would absolutely hate for people who don't like got/emo and just want buff riku to show up on the ticker 
"as japan trends points out, shamisen player nami kineie has done a more traditional version of the song, accompanied by such instruments as the fue, koto and shakuhachi." … 
guess im animating wh claire and oc claire kdjnkfd 
70 years ago we had homes jobs and cash 
me: gets drunk and thinks that people wanna see my face 
when they tell you jonathan looted and buhari is fighting corruption, tell them jonathan spent ₦1 billion daily on subsidy and petrol was ₦87 while buhari is spending ₦2.4billion daily on subsidy and petrol is n145.... … 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 11 months, 6 days (since 1 aug 2013). and you? 
meanwhile cool as heck writers like @ ybbaaabby, @ sinisteragent, and evan at rue morgue really picked up what we were trying to do. it’s not their job to be nice to us. but reading/hearing critiques like theirs help us better consider what works/doesn’t for our next weird thing. 
oliver took the bedsheet and smelled it deeply, it smelled like elio and it made him happy, oliver put his red shorts on and laid on elio's bed that now smelled like elio and perfumes mixed with sweat and cum, oliver actually thought that it was a great smell, their traces were+ 
it’s looking more and more likely in my bachelorette pad … 
caesar's route is out and i couldn't finish the second route of klaus yet i'm a loser 
the ribbon project didn’t fail . it did what it was supposed to do at the end and it protected the boys. it was the first time the even took place but its way better then without it. there were a lot of curious people who didn’t even know bts following them and asking & taking- 
the process starts now. great skill development, competition, and fun. become part of the shamrock tradition at one of the longest standing camps around. #ccpride … 
ricegum is so funny he sits in his chair and paces around his room like it’ll change something about the hate he gets on the internet 
im suing vivi for making me cry i love u and hope things go wonderfully for u too!!! sends a biiiig hug 
i guess my phone is only iphone that stays lagging and freezing 
liar liar pants on fire..do something productive, you're wasting taxpayers money and we are fed up 
no, that isn't misogyny - i see you're too dumb to understand greer's argument. quelle surprise. you don't see greer advocating sexual abuse, violence and murder - you do see males who claim they're women advocating them. that is misogyny. 
i had a michelada saved for the pregame and my dad freaking drank it and handed me the empty can 
a cup of tea date?. does that mean he got you home and said any chance of a brew?. chancer haha 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 8 jul 2012). and you? 
theres plenty of moon tats and even mars tats. 
just vote. we have to campaign twice as hard and we have to convince our not so dependably voting democrat brethren and sisters. it’s that simple. if we think someone else is going to do it we’re mistaken. 
but see the indigenous population clearly didn’t know what was right for them, see. and so since the soviets were just trying to help them… 
the next group was some girls dancing to latata, and they were great too, they didn’t have a big crowd tho like the guys before 
yeah because music about drug consumption and crime is something entirely exclusive to rap. regular people never listened to stuff about partying and doing crazy shit before. … 
still can’t believe that i met him and shook his hand, simply razy 
agreed! but i'm hoping with rockstar and haleigh knowing the swaggy plan ahead of time gives them time to plan for a way to still send winston home. praying the bros don't make it to next week #bb20 
and it took too long to release the damn video. how you gonna send a song to mediabase in november but wait until january to release the video. it was so boring and not even worth the wait. 
oh. okey. thank you and have a good day hafiz. 
“you don’t have to be smart in everything. you just have to be smart enough to gather the smart people and make them work together.” -jack ma 
yes a baby, and probably the best baby ever. 
why don't these guys just say fuck it and go in anyway? seriously, is ice really going to arrest a senator or congressmen or lay a hand on them? 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 9 months, 22 days (since 16 sep 2010). and you? 
i took a nap and woke up to you not saying anything about 9 years of me being gone 
no they are not supported by pharma. they are supported by parents like me who have children who got addicted to marijuana and destroyed their futures with mental illness and school failure. you may work in the field but have a blind spot to pot. 
it did happen at ohio state and congressman jordan did nothing about it when he was coach there. it didn’t happen to poop weasel, but if it had he is sure his coach would have done the right thing. clear? 
my parents went to the disney store today and came back with a bunch of stuff, i can't wait to look at them when i get home my dad got me this purse and i love it 
i was wondering when we were going. you see, i've been stressed lately and there's this knot in my shoulder that needs the touch of gawd 
instead of provide socialism we just repackage it, give it a capitalistic air and sell it as insurance 
we run bad is an authentic and darkly comic ride through underground gambling culture in america. @ curry_writer 
so true. staying just because. we love you @ aldenrichards02 and @ mainedcm - sagad! … 
@ drewdifran papa heff saw the ground ball dominance you showed with it and had to join 
i am rubbish don’t like tea. i have tried and everything . i feel like i am genuinely missing out now. quite like pimms outside though perhaps that could be my thing! 
i agree with you. the stings of some of the atrocious stuff in my past can still linger, but when those moments happen, i remember the love and betterment they also taught me to cherish. even if you can’t shut them out entirely, you can make more positivity that outweighs them. 
ca primary turnout, special election turnout and and va general turnout stats beg to differ 
push me to the limit and i might goooo 
you’re saying you don’t understand why but there are many scholarly journals and papers written about this issue that would help you to understand why a statement like that is off putting. you can find these sources through google 
def obiang and check 
gun parts m16 ar15 for sale - csc arms nickel boron bolt carrier 5.56/.223 and 3... 
just imagine for a moment that justin's wedding is published and beliebers around the world can go to see them i only ask god to go there with all my mutuals that have been by my side day by day for the passion that make us a family you're part of me 
shawn and me in a room: (moaning & bed moving) me: oh my god uhh yes it feels so good shawn: yeah i think my dick is in to far 
don't miss out on our **5pm flash sale**. we have fares from $79 o/w tax inc. between nanaimo & vancouver, and starting at $129 o/w tax inc. between victoria & vancouver. fares are good only on select flights for tuesday, july 10th, and as always, the sale ends @07:00am sharp! 
#microsoft’s azure computing services are “mission critical” to ice operations. tell microsoft to stand on the right side of history and divest from ice: 
identifying, managing and escalating breaches is the least problematic of a licensee's obligations. #cba #amp 
@ jaketapper i’ve been away and may have missed this, but why were those kids in the cave in thailand? 
i remember the conference well, and need to check the book out asap. 
i asked for a hot tea at starbucks and the girl that was taking my order was like "girl in this weather are you okay?!" and i was like no i'm fucking sick and i really want an ice cold tea but i'm fucking dying :'( plz kill me 
cell express av mall now has a verity cell phone case please come visit and ask for tempered glass 
jesus christ i am so relieved & i am crying at work. i am so happy for you and the girls. can’t wait to see some pics! 
it is disgusting that they can't figure out citizens and non-citizens. what they are doing is evil in the first place and compounded by incompetence. to lose the parents of any child they have taken responsibility for is an outrage. … 
as long as it's for alcohol too. don't appreciate my dog gobbling up cig buts and chewing on bottle caps. don't mind him eating the roaches though. they will never hurt her. may get loaded and possibly have a puke like humans when had a bit to many tokes but won't hurt her. 
*goes to urban for 30 mins and my car gets towed* day 2 of the worst day ever 
you’ll adapt in a few years and a 50 degree day will feel like the coldest day you’ve ever experienced 
go get my diarrhe!!! i just go mine and im so happy. @ mirandasings @ colleenb123 i love it so much!!! go get yours now! before it sells 
because she’s 22 and don’t know what to do happy birthday to my bestie that keep the checks hefty @ 
hey haters and naysayers say something about my boo trae young now. he shut y'all up in a big way #truetoatlanta 
it’s brutal out there right now! protect yourself and take time when you need it, meows the time to embrace it and see what can be done with it rather than wallowing in it (i’m struggling to not wallow, myself) 
every blackpink member always talks about how the other members are her sisters and how they helped each other for years before debuting don't you even try 
wow so you're lecturing me on video editing and ethics? seryoso ka? i bet you even don't know how to splice simple videos. 
how many babies are they gonna produce and will they be tasty 
each state is listed here - and everybody loves a bargain! the best bargain homes on the market 11.7.2018 … via @ viewcomau 
that scene in lilo and stitch when lilo is laying on the floor listening to heartbreak hotel with the door locked.......... 
@ avaduvernayfans lord i wish queen sugar is was coming on tonight i hope charley dosent find out about nova and reamy 
oh and btw.. jessie j in only one day what. aheghebshianhwkagdhmanavsvav 
that is the tedious, unsexy work of good governance that could make a tremendous difference for the country's budget, power structures, and health and well being over time-- and i think if that work could be undertaken in good faith, there could be many consensus solutions. -b 
can y’all stop saying ethiopia and eritrea are gonna be one again....it’s not gonna happen you sound dumb 
same. it's an intriguing show and i wasn't expecting that. 
starting a new job tomorrow and i’m honestly most excited about the chance to talk to others about stuff other than the last four months 
just a heads up y’all. @ cactus_music still has some wristbands available for this event. it will definitely sell out. just go by the store and preorder your copy of the album and they… … 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 8 years (since 12 jul 2010). and you? 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist skrillex - all is fair in love and brostep with ragga twins [audio] 
every good city needs all 4 major sports (nba, nfl, nhl, mlb) and some companies that are head quartered there , if not your city sucks 
why do you aways go to swing states? and not ‘safe’ republican states? thats right! because you take them for granted. 
don’t cry we have done amazing and if any one say different poke them in the fucking eye! … 
new post (i'm doing an online food order. can someone please comment with pictures of heck sausages and frozen) has been published on - … 
top 3 dos seus filmes favs da marvel? — 1. gotg vol2/ant man and the wasp 2. infinity war 3. black panther … 
also, @ speakerryan "we should set high standards for ourselves, so that we can be role models and set examples, and clearly people have been falling short of that, and i think we always have to endeavor to do a better job." … 
and? crickets. 
this coming from a man who supposedly investigated the birth place of president obama while having an affair with a porn star and a play boy playmate. … 
pursue your object, be it what it will, steadily and indefatigably 
impressive debut by the 25 year old james norwood. fastball reached 99 mph while showcasing a devastating splitter and has a slider to go with it. could definitely see him sticking around! 
omg i see you at crabkgsmeplays' ,markiplier's, jacksepticaye's and jackfilms comment section and now here i quit 
doesn't like the voyager at all, looks like the potp leader going off the feet and arm panels. though, the panels on the back are completely different 
dont have obstruct muller trump feeds them rope to hang himself and at which time exposed for uranium 1 and much more then shot for treason … 
i'm sure he did. that's not the point. there's a difference btw football and football mania. mania leads to manic depression a mental condition. when mixed with alcohol, winning and losing could mean is more than a game.. and many lose more than that 
he faking like i won’t hack his icloud and leak them nudes 
one thing i hate about being a virgo we always need a plan and we always need to make sure it goes right. 
in short, the story republicans have been telling is you can’t have a political opinion and serve in a job that involves oversight or investigations. #projection but ok, i’m looking forward to 200 resignations so #trumprussia can be properly investigated. #partyfirst #gopbastards 
i was so emotinal when i saw the video of the show and i don't know you, but im so happy for you!!!!! you have to be proud of this incredible gift! love is love, no matter what! 
stop using race as an excuse it’s getting old and it’s pathetic 
there will be incredible scenes in cities across the uk tomorrow. and the balloon will fly... 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 13 jul 2011). and you? 
she was a threat to their imagined manhood and they will never let it go. 
aka and casspernyovest are the wizkid and davido of south africa 
when living in the midwest doesn't broacast the yankees. it's life. i adapt, overcome and move forward. let's go yankees!!! tomahawk some indians tonight 
editorial: emmett till's legacy endures in chicago and across the country. we hope a new investigation into his death will reveal all the facts of what happened to him, writes @ trib_ed_board. 
subaru finished all of his tv appearances, today was his last jweb update, and he’s not joining the tour so basically he’s gone already even though he’s still in je till end of yr. i haven’t followed eito enough to call myself a fan but still it seems too sudden and i’m a bit sad 
i know .. wrong when i perceive it. this is both misleading and wrong ... … 
come on, you know he doesn’t have a job to get fired from. and you can’t get fired from your parents’ basement. 
he hired mostly people that have no idea what they are doing, it's a revolving door. epa is a mess, mnuchin is a big player in mtg crisis with one west, evangelical are claiming god put him in power, i believe in seperation of church and state, i hate what trump is doing 
have you ever been #drunk #high and #rollin at the same dam time *future voice* 
in my former position i dealt with some pretty disagreeable people on occasion and still managed to do my job in a professional manner. you can believe i bitched to my husband and friend, though. 
@ acetrainercal 1/10 mainly bc ive only played you like once and i dont remember how you play. 
isn't that tiny 2% about the same drop as the 2008 financial crisis julia? let's look at usvukveu and what happens when project stupid kicks in. 
you need to upload this video and teach that cop a lesson. i know it will likely only result in public shaming, but this is ridiculous and should happen to no one. 
seen us live? post your vids & pics and tag us...we want to see them!! 
i lost in a ranked and is was the most funniest game i played 
win your very own copy of magnolia table cookbook and a $25 gift card! … 
@ idaklockmann women over 49 and girls under 15 are not covered in the indicators- this is political and is a key point of @ sexogsamfund advocacy in the review of indicators #dataispolitical #sdgs #hlpf2018 @ denmark_un @ globaltfokus @ dstdk 
steve and tiffany had perfect weather and view for their thursday wedding on board the the mv skansonia congratulations! — at the mv skansonia … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dominate self awareness and life perspective 
i was on ft with my friend and his little brother was like “wait does she wear make up” i was like nah , he goes “good , she knows she’s beautiful on the outside as well as the inside” 
literally any living thing is just a “bunch of cells.” your argument is both scientifically and morally bankrupt 
trumps inauguration crowed on the left and protesters in london on the right. happy friday 
its been about 48 hours since the clean and the algae has pretty much fully returned, its not dangerous or anything but it's kinda gross looking 
there's a part of me that's waiting for cory monteith to appear in a new movie or tv show as if he hasn't been gone for five years and i don't know what to take from that. there's just some people that stick with you forever. 
90's chiefs and broncos. 
is this the apocalypse? i honestly think my family and i will survive 
“i just watch arianna grande impression videos and i swear she’s amazing”- my mom on her depression cure 
and we agree. but i can’t tell if you feel she didn’t go too far by saying he was a racist to his employer? seems like a targeted attack 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 3 months, 28 days (since 16 mar 2013). and you? 
perhaps stop slashing and burning their olive trees & razing their homes in occupied territory? just a suggestion from an american taxpayer. 
going back to the gym and this time i will not be shotgunning a red bull first... 
according to the fbi, officials said bytegrid llc, the web-hosting firm, is financed by altpoint capital partners, whose fund manager is a russian, and its largest investor is a russian oligarch named vladimir potanin. 
oh dear fucking god.why do you do this to me rebecca?i've gone through 3 monitors today looking at these photos because they're so hot they blew the damn things up. seriously though, i'm an atheist but these photos are evidence there is a god and she has damn fine taste 
all mary renault’s books, especially “the king must die” and “the mask of apollo.” 
yep and that’s the tea 
now he’s just gonna flop on the floor and stare at the stars. he knows all of them by name. . . they look so close to him, but they’re so far away. . . . he misses them. 
i just read that whole thread and wow. 
so what we have s king here in america and we call him donald 
minister nene, will you attend @ glblctzn festival in johannesburg this december and commit to achieving a stunting free generation by 2030 so that all south africans can grow great? @ treasuryrsa #bethegeneration #growgreatness #goodfood 
i love the summer bc when i’m tan i don’t wear makeup & i’m nice and glowy. in the winter i look like i have two black eyes 
youtube is such a weird experience, it's like one second you're watching funny videos and the next it's like nature videos then it's sad videos about people surviving jumping off the golden gate bridge 
u must be perfect and originally from there! 
bro. and they reveal it so early with some irrational hate or wish for serena to do bad. you could at least try. 
#rheumatoid #arthritis and #steoarthritis. both affect joints, ways to relieve pain 
j'ai ajouté une vidéo à une playlist @ youtube - scott, allison and isaac were playing a joke on the alphas twins // teen wolf 
i just put my combis and high scorers first and then legendaries and then epics with no combi but good skills 
cause, you know, i love the players and you love the game 
@ lynsey_lady imagine pishy calling anyone a cowshulda asked him if he's seen nellys scud vidsand as 4 anyone being a pussy hel no his da got battered pishy done fk all 
i still don't understand why people have to attack someone because of their skin color. we're here because we like the same group or same person so what if someone isn't white like us? people should just stop assholes and actually get a life 
wherever you find a great man, you will find a great mother or a great wife standing behind him -- or so they used to say had great fathers and husbands behind them.” @ tonythesharky @ mor1019 #morpinoybiga10 tanging ikaw by tony labrusca 
laugh and paint!!! #family #support @hortense event center/100 w. silver star rd suite 27 & 31 ocoee , fl 34761 … 
you and i is really good and it’s on the same compound as golden bell but a lottttttt more expensive. 
#maineadventuresoflauraondaig i wish i had a delete button in my life to delete some memories and feelings. 
yeah mines coming up and i was ready for it but now i’m reading so many bad things and if you think about it, it’s not natural so it’s really not healthy to take 
i think i do, danny. i was trying to explain that to u when u told me, in effect, to get lost. i know u for the decent man u are. i think u want to engage. but it is hard. really hard. and i’m sorry u think i patronised you. i’d like to try again. there is a lot at stake here. 
time to draw and listen to make music tho i would do this visual/audio corresponding art work series thing lol 
it was a quick notion, hana almost figured it was a part of her desperate imagination at this point but yes, that warm, toned bicep was indeed resting on the back of her neck and suddenly the room is on fire and she needs an escape route. 
@ rocketcatgames guys i really wanted to share with you about my emotions of death road to canada,i never played an any game with such a pleasant interest and hardened and i know that much possible that you guys wouldn't mentionn my tweet,but can you add in game alcohol drinks? 
yesssss!! so good to meet another one who likes both ladybug and marvel!!!! 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 16 jul 2011). and you? 
only know you love her when you let her go. and you let her go... 
i’m so tired of waking up with zero energy and tolerance to deal with anything 
really? he had 2 goals and 1 assist. nani also had the same amount of goals and assist. so who actually carried portugal? i mean if ronaldo was playing the modric role (playmaker) he should get more credit. but as far as i know he only offers goal. 
do you ever look at wendy and go "my wiiife" 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 9 months, 27 days (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
@ cnn @ markwarner why senator? your flag bearer obama, told putin he'd "have more flexibility" after the election. were those two colluding then? did putin help obama get re-elected and then get something later? no response to ukraine move?? … 
city of pulchra infernum earth 2 part of return from space. check it out and follow on #spotify. … 
okay, a dose of truth then...you’re in bed with putin. whether it’s because the pee pee tapes are real or you’re a fool, or both, is irrelevant. the facts are you’re hurting your allies and giving succour to traditional enemies, which makes you a traitor. how’s that for truth? 
well, i logged into wow hoping to just putz about and do my own thing and watch some more dollhouse (again), but the fact that guild chat is scrolling is bothering me, and i feel guilty for that. lol 
i'm staying up and waiting with my mum for the out of hours doctor but i am *tired* 
smh, don't tell me what to do. and don't call me dear, you don't know me like that. 
i'll be at glass city con, gonna show off the footage from the panel tonight and maybe do a couple other things 
and... my office is flooding. fabulous. #ineedwine … 
hi @ twittersupport i am not a . i am just trying to save a show over here and occasionally re tweet some political stuff. starting wonder which one is the problem. please remove my shadow ban. thank you! 
its raining hard and i'm emo gours with my soft day6 playlist uwu 
18 u.s. code § 2381 - treason whoever, owing allegiance to the united states, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the united states or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned... 
and your phone likes to live so uhhhh 
on sale hickok tie clasp-pink and gold elephant-gold tone-vintage - pink elephant tie clip signed #dianakirkpatrickart #etsy 
and you are an unhinged low info running around throwing around words like racism because you can’t have a normal conversation. 
you, o lady, were filled with grace, so that you might be the way of our salvation and the means of ascent into the heavenly kingdom. st. athanasius 
it’s possible. squads got worse and if you seriously don’t sign any reinforcements could get ugly 
just woke up and twitter was calling me. come to dzadzy 
msnbc's nicolle wallace: 'all he had to do is not put on jammies and crawl into bed with vladimir putin -- and he couldn't even do that' via rawstory 
proud of elizabeth and other visitors in the program, and pissed at system that detains people. for the love of god, literally. read this article and donate to the casa mariposa detention visitation program: … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 4 months (since 17 mar 2012). and you? 
just saw a dude driving a pt cruiser and his head was shaped like one lmaoo 
believe it must be 60,000 seats and indoors, so atlanta is pretty much it (unless they get crazy and say toronto). 
legend. she wanna come back as a mermaid? fine. she wants to do some reggae-inspired shit? fine. she's gonna give us all the forehead and abs and we're going to deal. 
no but i can tolerate a 23yr old more than and 18-21yr olds 
definitely creating a mariah carey and ashanti playlist to get in my feelings. 
if you have a problem with russia interfering with our elections and not the handful of the 1% then please stfu. you’ve got to be under some pretty serious delusions if you think we live in a democracy lol 
for real, how the fuck can they adamantly back what he said on monday then just as adamantly back the lying motherfucker when he says the exact opposite on tuesday? morons and hypocrites from the … 
legolas nodded, reaching to caress her cheek before pulling away completely and he mourned the loss as he always did when they weren’t touching. “i know a place, a little ravine, so the horses may drink. i packed apples, carrots and oats for them as well,” he added, patting - 
hey jim...i don't know what game you are playing but #maga movement doesn't need anyone slowing the train down. back off with your crazy tweets about trump and treason! trump is not a traitor! true definition of that word is killary and barry! #dems4gitmo 
i saw a clip and im so proud omg you were amazing 
the only reason phil hates nintendo and trashes them all the time is because he doesnt get paid to play some of their biggest games on youtube. yup, he's that greedy people. 
speaking as a winner i can say hands down @ smorgsinnit is the best ! and honest . 
trump: “you have groups that are wondering why the fbi never took the server,” “why didn’t they take the server? where is the server, i want to know, and what is the server saying?" "...what is the server saying?" ??? dumb. as. fuck... #trump … 
everytime i watch a yt video i get the same ad for the movie “the meg” with the shark following the dog and im not seeing the movie unless the dog doesnt get hurt 
“double my paycheck and i’ll stay ” 
and...... more info, please! congrats, everyone!! 
(new vegas, obviously) you know what's very fucking satisfying? taking out members of factions i don't like with the silenced sniper rifle in the middle of the fucking casino lobby and having no one notice 
he’s a fan of scarlett johansson and wants to meet her someday 
“here sleeps a girl with a head full of magical dreams, a heart full of wonder and hands that will shape the world” … 
well if monroe and the hospital just aren’t ready yet, we’ll go ahead and watch this all star game! #slowmonroe #babyp 
i hate everything right now and my brain is mush. give me a good #allstargame please and thank you. 
“if in 2004 boston wins a world series and the 1971 reboot of ‘no no nanette’ wins a tony, trading this ruth fella won’t matter.” harry frazee #graspingatstraws 
@ joepranaitis "and hello joe how are you and thank you 
and apparently after getting stolen analytics from the clinton campaign? 
3 years ago today limousine liberal won his 2nd race in as many starts @ ellisparkracing with @ davisjockey .he would go on to be a multiple graded stakes winner, and is schedule next to go in gr1 forego.. @ hr_nation like to see his 2nd win listed in your chart..near track 
pearl holds her thoughts and emotions deep inside her, and probably felt that breaking a promise to someone she’d basically been in love with would be the ultimate betrayal of her legacy. the part where you mention that rose/pd was clearly setting up steven to know may... 
lenoir keeps referencing accountability yet he ducked and dodged the domestic assault question in the last forum #neighborhoodtalks 
sorry to go on about this but like jj spoke about how he didn’t care about the money and how he just wanted to beat logan’s ass and now he wants £6 from probably at least 10,000 watching at home. actually taken the piss. richer fans don’t deserve more so stop acting like it 
. @ caldercannonsfc skipper madison prespakis adds a vic metro and under-18 aflw mvp to her cv to further push her draft claims - 
hello @ vanswarpedtour cincinnati! support @ imdowntovote by visiting our tent and entering in one of our raffles! we’re so excited to meet you all tomorrow and give away some fun prizes! #vanswarpedtour #idtv @ 
want tacos and subway 
remember meryl streep defending accusations against harvey weinstein's sexual abuse allegations. and remember cher dissing president trump. #boycottmammamia 
and china is now buying soybeans from russia. this web becomes more convoluted by the minute. 
hackintosh. shit is tough to do sometimes and you can't upgrade shit without doing it all over lol 
i don't know how you could bring in someone like kawhi with his attitude, and just trade away your most loyal player. he already wants to get traded. 
told raegan last night i'm gonna start being more politically correct and responsible with my twitter 
once again, this life long @ gop texas voter (zip 75204) refuses to vote for @ tedcruz @ johncornyn @ petesessions until they come out against insane stuff like this. and not a wishy washy statement they backtrack 24 hours later when the wh "clarifies". too much of this crap. … 
and besides i don't fangirl over dumb shit...just stating the obvious some people's children 
thanks to @ ccescavs and coach frost for a great day at 7 on 7. rain hampered the first two days but day 3 was great. look forward to having you guys down for a scrimmage on august 7th. 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 19 jul 2012). and you? 
alexis and lindsay pussy licked and fingered - #amateur 
add on the moments where namjoon says that jimin is cute and moments where namjoon goes (๑˃́ꇴ˂̀๑) for jimin then it'll perfectly describe them in your au 
ik i hate when i finally ask for help and then the problem fixes itself its so awkward 
proud to announce that i have committed to further my academic and baseball career at northern illinois university 
« to this is: the boys who pine over a love that never will be. why continuously hurt yourself for the same outcome? what does that accomplish for you? love is frail and fragile and it needs to be nursed. love is broken in a lot of women. so, boys... i need you grow up. 
she's back in the water and $$$exy again! thanks to barons marine for the help (excellent customer service) and shelby for helping me rub some soap on her today... time to burn some diesel… … 
@ killa_sloss 3v3 cmg w/ me and rallied 
i just jokingly asked austin what his thoughts were on me being a sugar baby just to get a rise out of him and he dead ass said “for $1000 and you would get free dinner? idk why you aren’t doing that” 
everything is falling into place and every time i think nothing else can come up, i get more good news. i deserve all these wins !! 
the thing is if someone tweets something like: “i dont like katy perrys music” and your initial reaction is to find who they stan and say “yeah well shawn mendes cant even sing!!! gotcha!!!!” what are you twelve ????? djdksksjs 
[txt negasonic] jane: yeah i can't sleep either what i do to sleep better is lay on my bed and start relaxing slowly each part of my body, from toes to head, also arms and fingers...or just take a pill to sleep. i have some lol 
what a good friend and loving father. 
kenny’s regressive measures are foolhardy at best and shamefully harmful to the children of hard working albertans. we all must do what we can in the coming months @ … 
if you grew up in (and still remain in) evangelicalism, this is a necessary and refreshing read. if you are studying to go into ministry (@ozark students) this is not an issue that will go away and we will keep seeing the consequences. … 
giving me $7million and asking me on a fourth date in paris after sex … 
i’m totally with it.... one night and it’s not like you’ll need a lot anyway 
i have spent about $30 on strike force. i'm desperate for a universe focused game and it is filling in that gap despite how pay to win it is with the consumables. 
a job guarantee/national minimum wage @>101% of median wage and more direct democracy including in (bigger) private and public institutions and firms would be a mighty good start. no economy is done with creative destruction so competition is only bad for increasing inequality. 
5. my sister watched joeygraceffa and recommended him to me and i love him and daniel so much fun fact their ship name sounds and is spelled almost my real name 
whoopi goldberg and judge jeanine pirro get into a fight on the view she thought joybehar would be better than ananavarro?? huh? ok... 
it could be too late hoping mueller names names this week and has massive arrests like the untouchables if not america is in for a very bad financial year 
seriously people. vote in midterms. democracy fails when we become jaded and think you can't change anything. 
yees and they're so nice and high quality as well :') ! they're decorating my sketchbook rn <3 
lupe needs to go on nutrisystem and get her brain examined for all the heat she expounds yikes 
shut up i love you more uwu come and get this big hug 
nobody but the 30% and you seem to have a problem with the nfl. you do because they would not sell you a team. your just vindictive. 
praying for your continued progress, and healing. if ever you find yourself heading to that place again, or in that place. know that what are going through is real, and you will overcome it in time. blessings & love. 
preparing for that special event? let chef david and his team create an exceptional, seasonally driven menu for your special occasion. whether it’s friends and family gathering for a… … 
cyprus: the practical traveler’s guide to the mediterranean’s hidden jewel – cheap and cheerful eats … #cyprus #travel #loukmades 
i’m very lowkey and i never worried about the spotlight or the fame. just respect me and acknowledge me when necessary. 
ugh i feel so ill i just wanna be cuddled and have my hair stroked 
it’s an incredible feat. every time i look up and see the moon, i think, someone stood on that thing. freaking nuts. also i would name my kid buzz. aldrin and lightyear.. come on. 
leaders of isis and al qaeda puzzled why trump has not invited them to white house … 
i'm going to a horse show this weekend and hauling someone and her kid and omg i can't have a 4 yr old in my truck i'm storing coolant and brake fluid in there 
thank you. it's always great to hear positive feedback, and we are so proud of you (and we fully support the positive things you are doing for yourself). keep being so strong justin! 
brews taphouse and growler fills ( @ brewstaphouse): reubens crikey ( @ reubensbrews) is on, replacing stone idolatrous ( @ stonebrewingco) 
i will protect my girls until the end, can't stand nasty and manipulative people that call themselves friends to my girls. 
last night my mates and i drove thru a cop stop four times cos it was the first time she had to use her full license and she was so excited. 
i just tried to figure out time zones and internet radio only to remember i understand very little spanish??? 
my little sisters really growing up and i’m just not ready 
praying for him baby and keeping him in my thoughts ily :( 
what is wrong with everyone’s wifi? i’ve hit 280mbps on my wifi and it’s not even the new setup yet 
gold was in my hands it’s what i get for underestimating people ..gotta perfect the craft and execute . tired of silver 
@ usps what do we do when our apt complex’s mail boxes have been left unlocked/broken into(?) and they are totally accessible by anyone? 
it’s lit and a new bop! do you think we can hear @ bts_twt's song fake love today? @ mostrequestlive … 
i need a sweetheart in the streets and a sadist in the sheets 
dogs are great and i learned how they feel tonight 
yeah, i'm sure it must be hard to find competent japanese translators and as long as the english translation is fine there should be no big problem. 
he believes this now when millions across the globe have been screamin the exact same thing since election? not to mention this guy has been with trump and dealt with him in alot of shady shit...he didnt think then that trump was unfit to be president? wtf??! 
me and my auntie so messy lmao 
you know when you come back to a place after awhile and it looks the same, but you know it’s different 
spent the day exploring cartagenia and capturing the local sites and experiences #lifeisgood @cartagena, colombia … 
had a pretty good zapdos day. i did like 30 raids, caught 2 shinies and a couple mid 90 iv’s and then my group went out to eat after. and i finally traded for a mr. mime. #pokemongo 
i remember this mask bring in my great-grandmother's home, then hanging on my wall. i gifted it to my besties/roommates, and now it guards our home. i wish i knew more about its history.… … 
heck yeah! and the movement is contagious! 
well my day was officially wasted waiting and waiting and waiting. i’m going home to take a shower and get ready fr work since i do have to be there in 4 hrs.… … 
#breakingnews putin wants to discuss with trump a "referendum" as a solution to the conflict in eastern #ukraine in the next meeting in washington rothschild deep state says "no way" donetsk and luhansk people's republics speak russian #trumpputinsummit my tweet 14 july … 
see meeting people you instantly click with and felt like you’ve known them your whole life, my heart :( 
@ hogwartshomo eleanor roosevelt said "no one can make you feel inferior without your permission." do not let some twit into your head. lots of tweeters will flock to your side in support and avian unity! 
me: comes up with video idea i think would be both fun to make and enjoyable to watch also me: you don’t have good enough editing software nor the money to afford it to be able to make this video as high quality as you envision it 
i think they lie!! not a darn one of them has left. they just like to run their mouths, like what they say matters and it don't. 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 5 years (since 22 jul 2013). and you? 
i'm tired of seeing this tweet son. niggas witnessed 5 titles in 10 years and think we care about chris kaman taking a nap vs the cavs. y'all winning the game by 23 in the pic … 
he is german love and respect this man so much 
also, destiny is a fickle bitch and gives me my least favourite poké, simipour, and makes it my strongest one. i never even used tyranitar. 
shay and ian !! how cute is their friendship ! 
hydro pump is the best damaging move in the game, it beats both psycho cut and psychic (which are by a higher stat pokémon). if all of hydro pump hit a single pokémon, the total damage is higher than that of psycho cut and psychic, even if the hydro pump pokémon is twice as weak. 
and sorry for all of my teenage years and then some on this silly thing 
i created this world for a certain story, and while it could certainly make a good campaign, developing the setting more makes me think of past world events that shaped it to be what it is, and what sort of quests could take place there 
clothes shopping, especially tops and bras can be extremely stressful. especially if your big breasts are all natural. 
well that escalated quickly... and we’re glad it did! tune in to the post-game show with @ trentrushsports to hear from @ kolecalhoun. send in your questions and comments with 
cheers ducky, i may just have to give him a brotherly ass kicking and then we are done with it....i hope #ilovewrestling 
damn and then there's me having barely enough storage for feh and fgo lmao 
"however, far from castigating the pharisees, jesus had himself been one-a worker rabbi-and his wrath had actually been directed against the priest class that the sadduccees represented." -the illustrated atlas of jewish civilization: 4000 years of history by josephine bacon and 
if @ fulloffuckyou and i argue... 
"directioners are legends and legends never dies" 
let them hate and keep crafting your future. #billionaires 
@ mancity it's #sharkweek2018 does that mean we will beat liverpool and bayern 
ok this is god way of telling me he doesn’t want me to work right now , let me sit my ass down and be obedient 
sorry. just trying my hand at lua and needed to vent. 
let me get off twitter and finished this damn paper grid. i shall be back in some hours 
lawd, less than a minute until i see @ kmichelle and @ kalisworld on my television and together at that! yassss! how could i forget @ missterray #lhhh 
aw, i see. that’s always rough. things are going to be ok though. you’re still in the healing process, and just because it’s over, it doesn’t mean you can’t cherish all the good times. 
this would be future items. the flamethrower would go up to 17 meters and do 5-10 damage for every 1 second you are in the "fire path" the wired tnt trap would be like a proximity mine but only can be placed on walls. the player tracker is something that you can throw on your 1/2 
or not be a akward person and make some new ones also?!? 
i’m so tired of hearing come through and chill 
kaoru: oh hello sweet girl.... you ran so far and fast just to come see me? ;* rimi: i’m gay kanon: dude you’re turning red are you ok??? are you sick???? kaoru: she must be afflicted with a terrible disease... the disease of love kanon: then call her a fucking ambulance 
please continue with your “russia” theme. it will elect more republicans than you can count!! 1% of america gives a darn. we’re tired of you crying wolf for the last 2 years... really.. but.. if that is all you got.. then i can see you beating that dead horse...over and over 
moving out and starting over 
i know you love me. i opened and threw your christmas presents at you. and your still here. 
noah syndergaard to disabled list due to hand, foot, and mouth disease … 
you don't care. and that's tearing me apart right now. 
wayne changing pitchers. chadwicks has no. 2 hitter narcisso coming up with two outs, tying run on second and go-ahead run on 1st. 
when are you going to have ace frehley blackberry smoke and stryper on your show??? 
newsflash that's acceptable everywhere even in bumfuk cogshitestan if you have a knife and you threaten people you get fucked up this is the status quo it has been for thousands of years and will be for thousands more 
#dwamn! vapemail! i ordered 3 bottles and they sent me 5 ^_^ that was hella cool of 'em! . . check out the sponsor! @ ejuicedeals . use promo code "nokkie10" at and receive… … 
i'm commenting for neither. provided they're good you don't need anything. and if they're bad...don't eat them. 
if you told me 5 years ago a casual tuesday night would involve a conference call with me, @ sammijawsome and my boss on teaching comprehensive-ish sex ed to blind teens i would never believe you and also have a lot of questions. 
having to watch euro news and read irish newspapers to find out what is going on re brexit 
also sais appointment ko today and i have to do it on this rollercoaster guess i’ll just die!!! 
putin's ego cant handle the protest that would await him plus he's just a handler trolling his subject to let him know who says when and where.... 
it’s so upsetting when you do something for someone out of the kindness of your heart and it’s so unappreciated and goes without even a simple thank you 
and secure our elections from trump and his ass kissing gop … 
they have tons of free stuff shipped to the house for advertising, figured they ship out to the graphic side to show some love. but i have 4 or 5 pieces and highly recommend it. 
bruh i realize on his lmao i was tripping for a second and basing it off of hers imma go 
i knew about patrick stewart and all. just not enough to keep me interested. it's just no comparison to family guy. 
secret country . . “take me back to this world take me to the line take me out of this world drown with me tonight there's water on the concrete rivulets on your face and you release me… … 
it shook our whole building next door. we counted 14 firefighters and 3 trucks. 
they do a fronteirland howedown twice a day in the magic kingdom with several rare characters and dancers. one of the best entertainment offerings in the park! 
ohhhhhh i def need some gear ! #itwt and @ live_975 fully supports #prettygirlgang … 
of justice, or religion, truth, and peace, 
day 2. #girls snow valley basketball camp. the hard work never stops behind the scenes and we expect our campers to bring their gear, positive attitude and the #game. it's going to be a… … 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 8 years (since 25 jul 2010). and you? 
erdogan and turkey. another "democracy" that wants to interview donors to the the @ … 
well i look at like this. my buddy jeffery bennit says it best on the atr podcast. for radio to survive it needs to go digital. he believes it will soon. 
hahaha i just have the flights locked down and confirmed and i was going nuts. i can only imagine round 2 ---sleeping arrangements. . where are you traveling to?! 
one of the film’s producers, tomoyuki tanaka, remarked “the theme of the film, from the beginning, was the terror of the bomb. mankind had created the bomb, and now nature was going to take revenge on mankind.” 2/2 #bcm320 
i’m just really bummed. doing what i can to stay in a positive headspace but sometimes it’s just hard. i miss mn. i miss my family, my friends and my dog. i miss having people around. 
not quite. you’ve got a ways to go, professor. oh. and there is the supreme court. good luck there. 
look at the requests and time tables...theyre trying to fire him to obstruct, its so obvious everybody can see it. 
no need to knock anybody. i'm simply stating the oa's doing an excellent job as a sports department but i'll opine there's a reason why the oa is hiring, and others are making cuts- quality of product. interesting, compelling journalism has nothing to do with corporate america. 
stop talking and start doing..i was told caps lock helps.. 
why not fall? it’s not snowy, and leaves are pretty. and it’s not hot or cold it’s the perfect weather 
@ klasrarauf sir technology is always "plug and pray" not " plug and play" please ask maalik consider and avoid consiparacy theories and nagativity. 
yet another reminder: if you don't panic and settle but fight back against #copyright extortion instead, at very minimum you'll get a walk-away. why spend money when there are plenty of low-hanging fruit around the 
we're so happy to have you back, and getting to see more of you, the side we haven't gotten to see of you. love you sm alisha 
@ ocasio2018 i encourage you to recruit more like-minded and politically astute individuals like you to run for office as democrats. by doing so, you will all but assure that conservatives will be elected and that's exactly what this country needs. so, i thank you, in advance. 
interested in getting involved in @ amymcgrathky's campaign? join us this weekend in our frankfort field office for our weekend of action! get more information and sign up here: #teamamy 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 5 months (since 26 jan 2014). and you? 
just wanted to say i love what you do and appreciate you 
as long as y'all are having fun and have your seatbelts on i don't see why not 
what a shit show. even if it somehow passed the house, it won't pass the senate. just a giant distraction and frankly makes the republicans look like they can't keep their house in order (once again) 
@ radicalrachel20 and i are at @ granadatheater to see @ swstheband and my inner emo kid is screaming 
need 1 for 4v4 mw3 gb in an hour and a half 
question: do you think we should stop funding public roads and schools? because it seems so with your logic 
all my shows coming on and this personal got me feeling right 
“but you're more than only the composition and the workings of your bodies. you are your personalities, your cultures.” octavia e. butler 
la culture is watching too many people bird past you while ur sitting in traffic and considering to bird to work tomorrow 
uber drivers ringing you is the most dumb shit that is certified to complicate the already accurately decided plan. this uber driver seems pissed off he tried to call me three times, despite me simply being exactly where we arranged to, and have met. just drive the machine. 
okay but have you ever done the opposite of what the podcast tells you? podcast: don't take note of the numbers or analyze them or you will die in this specific manner. me: hmmmm... *grabs pen and paper* i wonder... 
@ bronk howard and staff are so mean to you. i like your segments. 
cheer on gabby deloof (200 fr) and charlie swanson (200 br) in finals tonight at irvine! and watch them on @ olympicchannel at 9 pm (et). … 
so i finally watched the paul mccartney carpool karaoke and oh my god... like imagine being in that bar and getting a free intimate up close concert from him like i would cry 
0 new followers and 0 unfollowers in the last day. 
jockeys are hardly owners “customers” more like their inherited employees, acquired by trainer. that mentality is what’s giving them too much of a voice to begin with. they work for us i.e. r freedman and the owners. not the other way around. 
anyone looking to make some trades to complete the allen and ginter insert sets and base set w/sps?? i am going to list what i need to finish mine and also the tons of dupes! i know the #hobbyfam will show the #hobbylove ~ should have the list posted either tonight or 
could you possibly be a little more specific, these people have multiple works, and large ones at that. i’ve heard the term postmodern neomarxist used by peterson quite frequently, but never regarding the same ballpark twice 
it’s 2 am and i’m lying in my bed sobbing because this is so beautiful, inspirational and powerful that it hits me like it’s the first time i ever see this via @ youtube 
good night to jeongyeon and taehyung only and fuck stan twitter 
watching #queensugar and lovin'it 
@ birdsblooms new magazine subscriber. looking forward to receiving each issue. i just started feeding birds and now i want to set up a backyard habitat for them. watching birds is my meditation. 
why do you occasionally think in french and if you think in french, why do we never speak in french??? 
aussies may scoff at britain's idea of a #heatwave, but this time it's the real deal and it's no laughing matter … 
let's shout, tweet and donate to @ … 
i need you all to hold your applause, silence your cell phones, shut your mouths and listen to the new @ wellsmania podcast! #wellsmania … 
wow u people suck, totally abandon the game and make us pay $40 for a game that was promised not to be an incomplete shit and to this point it still has problems with host migration. and now u people still don’t have the balls to at least give us savini jason. 
nah, it’s at a new school in indy. there is a episode on emcc and all of them. including a bit of isiah wright’s murder trial 
a super successful day at the @ bt21_ shop in hollywood !! i got @ taegijm a tata, @igbtchim a shooky, and me a mang !!! i can’t wait to go back with alec next week !! i had so much fun today and even made a couple friends !! 
you have been doing an awsome job on txf! and we're really proud of you! we will support you always 
i’m glad we were noticed i’m just a bit upset that they were so quick to throw in another l.a date and we can’t even..... *sigh* #lytourflorida @ bighitent @ powerhouselive @ bts_twt #bts 
graded on the year: let radulov and markov walk away. didn't fill the cap space. didn't find a top-line center. didn't fix the defensive holes.... had a good draft (one hopes). and domi my be a character guy, but he's not an upgrade over galchenyuk. 
i’ve tried before and you took it from me somehow 
i’m trynna drink while listening to “mi enemigo el amor”... and maybe cry 
this damn song and that part pops in to my head wayyy too often lol 
i want somebody i can send all my funny selfies to and have the love reciprocated 
#rigged but all jokes aside you did great joop and those bard streams were some of the most fun i've ever had in a livestream 
star wars: episode ix cast announced! mark hamill and carrie fisher will be in it! 
then the big one dies and the cycle starts all over again with the little one! science, mate. 
@ mediumthomas oh sp thomas your doing this show in new york ??? really cause they show alot of palm tree's at the entro of your awesome show ,i have to tell you it's a big hit we all love you your a nice man and we can feel ya threw the tv !!! 
when esca won 2 x 10.000 $ for most kills and longest average time survived in the tpp rounds. can’t wait to see more from this guy. he’s an absolute beast! 
... killing of greys. they ask members of the public to trap and then kill them; one of the legal ways of 'humanely dispatching' a grey squirrel is to place it in a bag and batter it to death with a stick. 
did they take into consideration the falling amount of exports to the eu over the next two decades and how we will be solely reliant on buying from the eu then also? thought not. all horse crap. 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 28 jul 2012). and you? 
was crying when i read this and now i’m dying laughing same girl, same … 
showing my abject ignorance but what is rekt? as in, “most of us are worthless and want to get rekt”? wreaked? god, you’d have to get very wreaked, like comatose. 
martial is a selfish prick, been selfish when rashford starts to shine, then zlatan came and he thought he was the main man, but then everyone raised their game and he couldn’t get shine he gotten from the liverpool games. not all about dribbling 
coworker was unauthorized to use the forklift and he tried to load in a no loading zone, this is the result 
a simple yet powerful tool for critical thinking, serious discussion, and decision-making. @ kialohq 
do you seriously think abbott can come back? he does not have the support in the electorate or the party. any attempt would be a disaster, and install labor for 2-3 terms. #auspol 
and i think he is still riding the obama train! … 
fanmeet later with dara and joohyuk 
fun fact: steinbrenner kept the rays out of tampa and opened the yanks spring training center right next to the football field. to this day the rays are still trying to get into tampa proper 
and i called her a ho, cause i mean, look at how she is lmao. if she wasn’t one then she wouldn’t get so mad when someone calls her a ho to begin with. gg tho at least i got an ass. 
just paid 1k on bills and car note is in 5 days who trying let me borrow a million 
the same people (defectors), who created the problem in the pdp, ran away and assembled somewhere else, without resolving the initial problem. they will still come back to meet that problem which they left unresolved.hon.ado gambo ja'en 
it’s just me and him.... and closest place to order out is 40 miles round trip 
jim jordan knew young men were being abused and did nothing. pretty on brand for y’all. 
you, sir are a selfish bastard who only gives a damned about yourself and your billions at the expense of our air, water and soil. remember, god said “it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of god.” 
i’m so fucking happy for you literally so fucking happy that i can’t even express how happy i am for you. i hope a day come where queer individuals don’t have to worry about acceptance from their parents, but you parents are literally amazing and this was just beautiful. 
i'm here and i understand you!!!! 
and i’d love every second of it 
that was just an example to explain the stupidity of the cod “community”. i get what you’re saying. like i said before though...they change too much and people get annoyed by the changes. they don’t change enough, people get annoyed and say it’s a copy and paste game. 
excuse me up go to user settings > connections and connect your twitch account. 
the trump administrationâ struggled to meet a court-imposed deadlineâ thursday for reunitingâ immigrant children and their parents. nearly 2,600 children ages 5 years and older were separated at the u.s.-mexico border. 
not the actions of an innocent man. mueller is making note of every obstruction of justice and witness tampering tweet. 
tfw you're sharing a bed and they read it 
oranges are really cheap right now, and we’ve got a few in the apartment as well. i think i’ll take a stab at making oleo saccharum after today’s class. 
pls excuse my wet hair and lack of makeup but the sunset was v pretty today and made me smile for the first time in a while 
@ cnnpolitics @ chriscuomo we will allow 3d guns but abortion is illegal??? national security gone. it isn’t prolific yet but does anyone think it won’t take much longer. our government is disgusting and our president in insane 
i can't even begin to count the things we've lost - the admiration of other countries, our ecological protections, ethics, honesty, voting that is not interfered with, civil rights, a free press, free trade, net neutrality. and that's just to name a few... 
if i was doing dairy and gluten.... give me the sandwich 
relájate y recarga energías. te esperamos mañana a las 9am. relax and recharge. we see you tomorrow at 8am 
...and go. #hatm 
hey @ cashshow_beau and/or @ cashshow_rafael! we were winners last night! hopefully we can get on a streak playing @ cashshow_trivia today! can my aunt and uncle karen and willie nelson get a #csshoutout out tonight for their 18 year 
no, charter. i called their customer service and found out a fiberoptic cable is down. eta midnight. i`ll likely do a makeup stream tomorrow. 
please if any of y’all don’t like me, let me know now so i don’t continue to fuck with you and make myself look dumb 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 4 months (since 30 mar 2010). and you? 
there are many meetings happening next week and once those take place we will have a better idea of what we need to get done. for now we need people to show their support by calling their city council reps so they actually hear from people. not just online. #savetheshowbox 
#1 reason i will never be called a sell out with my art and music : nobody is fuckin' buying. 
my guy has american and wakada accent mixed … 
@ safiyajn uploaded and im reeeeeaady 
i just love, love, rosie like a lot i never get tired of watching. it has to be my favourite. rosie and alex are just ahhgg perfect 
....and counting 4...3...2..... … 
my buddy @ filtch3 works at gapb and over heard walt jock-itchity saying @ reds arent making a trade because were the best last place teamnin baseball. instead going to start implementing some new 
separation of powers!?!? you mean him wanting to eliminate separation of church and state? you would love that wouldn’t you, christian sharia law? looks like the #trumpterrorists are coming from the right and ripping up the constitution on the way #traitortrump #republicuck 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 1 month, 24 days (since 6 jun 2012). and you? 
before i start my twitter journey i have to begin with an apology... my username is in fact incorrect. i meant to have put leaves and not grass. now that's cleared up. let's party ;) 
trump says he hires the best people, until they turn against him, then he calls them terrible liars. his definition of best is doing what he says and letting him get away with anything. that's also all he means when he calls america the best. #trump #trumptapes #michaelcohen 
love this! where do these people think that just because they were too lazy to get a higher education to earn money to support himself, he feels it is right for the poor to take and occupy your belongings... incredible … 
on the plus side, i ate like one and a half bags of goldfish crackers today. 
agreed. i’d much prefer a dull axe and a partially blind headsman for the lot of them. 
i dont find it funny to make fun of dr. umar johnson for not opening a school that he cant afford to open. you and i both know if he had lebron money that school would be open by now. 
if the client tells you not to go on tv and talk about your case, you don't go on tv and talk about the case. so either the white house is ok with it or rudy is violating ethics rules and also would be fired for doing something his client told him not to do. 
wowee. what a gig! thankoo @ miniash7! believe me these songs are going nowhere, just a couple members are onto bigger and better family things! woop! prouda them we’ll be gigging again soon as per, do not fret … 
i would like to but i’ve spent so much money and time on my xbox account i can’t just reset 
had every intention on buying blue bell’s bride’s cake ice cream tonight, & i get to kroger and they’re sold out. god blocked it. 
that tessa and mariah hug was so sweet. #yr #yandr #yronpop 
i for one want them to be held accountable for lying to america. sick and tired of #fakenews 
just for my girl @ chloelanier and myself 
this isn’t sane! he loves this show. it’s not presidential...it’s garbage. and screaming nasty bitch yelling at the press is worse than police showing up at a frat party. glad i don’t know her. where did they find her? 
maybe i’m on an island alone but warren over happ and lynn coming out of the pen. … 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 2 months, 21 days (since 11 may 2010). and you? 
@ hhsgov com jonathan white should have resigned rather than commit atrocities that @ realdonaldtrump ordered. just bc he told trump so doesn't protect him from the inhumane treatment that happened on his watch. white is just as guilty as the germans who abused jews and were hung … 
don't try and imitate rokurou. please? 
i don't think building more homes is the answer. i think we should instead be protecting our green space and creating more council accommodation. 
i've been looking up ideas on how to do this and i've got a pretty solid plan for how it's gonna work, but i need a base to start with! 
and eat a bao after :3 
announcement the winner of the scenic city futures showcase tournament will join matt lynch, ac mack and cam carter in this years scenic city scramble later in the day at night 2 of the 2018 scenic city invitational! 
my dog must know we're on a budget because she threw up her food and ate it again what a trooper 
sop for leftists. they seek to consolidate power and use corruption to eliminate the possibility they will lose it. hillary would have been able to complete the process. there’s a direct line from obama, holder, rice, lerner, and clinton to fbi scandals … 
get at justice gatson if you are in kc and want to help with #smartjustice campaign! … 
. @ michaelewebber my tasks for today are giving students feedback on a paper and looking up something from my maui work. conclusion: i need to apologize publicly for turning in a 515 page master's thesis. sorry. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 5 months, 26 days (since 3 feb 2013). and you? 
***we’re keeping you in the know and informed*** be sure to check out this video to stay up to date on all of the information about fay-one’s gotcha back and cut my city happening saturday,... … 
i was watching the news and they said “3d printed guns - coming to a plane or movie theater near you” 
goodnight to my petals seokjin yixing and phonnie. i love taehyung with all my heart 
i told blu and irish that i’m not taking their bones and toys unless they pack them themselves. irish sighed and blu rolled her eyes at me. they don’t think i’m funny #dogmomlife 
shepard fairey djs? and he's playing in sac?? 
your style is wonderful. so simple and pure in the lineart and the smooth colours very gently in it. love it really much! are your professional or someone with time and fun of doing a collab once in a while. i would totall love to do one with you! 
@ iliza has anyone ever told you you look like lola bunny from space jam? because you do and that makes you more awesome! 
i got a whole notification for this tweet and this is what it was? smh 
welcome home heroes!! may god grant your families some peace and closure … 
my brother's new girlfriend told me that i'm really beautiful. it's his 4th girlfriend and the 1st one to tell me this. she's a keeper 
our time is up! #godsprayerroom thank you so much for joining @ michael1holford and i as we intercede for #antigua/barbuda until next week, may the word of christ richly dwell in you. amen. @ momisnowtweetin 
may tomorrow be just better than today and full of dreams coming true. 
i should be storing up sleep for the coming school year, but instead i stay up watching #johnoliver and shit. this segment on #transgenderrights is very close to my heart and is amazing! 
honestly, having read the article, i struggle to understand why the behavior by cuomo it describes is even a big deal. and i hate the guy and pay close attention to elections. this one just seems like a nothingburger 
update: it is golden hour, and he is luring the geese out of the shadows with popcorn and planning to shoot 120fps raw of the geese. very excited to have this footage. 
all thanks, honor, and glory unto the lord for letting me reach august of 2018!!!! not by my power or might that i made it this far but by his grace 
youngblood say you want me say you want me out of your life and i'm just a dead man walking tonight but you need it yeah you need it all of the time 
fishboy scholars and historians: is it public record that i got five songs into writing/demoing albatross 2 and scrapped everything to make classic creeps? 
put em in bullpen and use in blowouts or mop up duty. trade him in offseason. done with the guy 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 9 days (since 23 jul 2013). and you? 
as every two weeks, we bring you a new silomag, with the best news and resources on graphic design, web design and wordpress #silomag #webdesign #graphicdesign 
ontario attorney general caroline mulroney and environment minister rod @ rodphillips01 are set to make an announcement thursday in toronto at 2 p.m. clapping begins at 2:01 p.m. #onpoli @ fordnation 
“though you are such wicked rebels, my people, come and return to the lord. i know the glorious day will come when each of you will throw away the gold idols and silver images your sinful hands have made.” isaiah 31:6-7 nlt … 
pathetic. do these kids not know one day mom and dad will be gone? then who pays their way? 
shut up and dance with me. ⇎ victoire mary and his mother, royal palace paris. ⇎ @ lxttlesun 
gritty dark reboot of the cable guy but this time jim carrey straight up stalks and murders people 
he'll wear the "low ability" label through primary. from 4-11 he'll have english/maths with other low ability kids and he's expected to under-perform in sats. senior schools then use sats to target for gcses at 16 where he'll be expected to under-perform. all due to speech delay. 
i was very upset! my coworker was like “oh i met guy yesterday because he was here filming” and i was like what the fuck 
going live with more yakuza 0, and maybe something... different. 
me watching a voyager that tries to deal with genocide and terminal illness through neelix 
and that's the way it should be 
i'm boo'd up like you now and niya 
believe in me and maybe we’ll achieve something great. 
next month aapl to announce new iphone....the renewal cycle is every 2 or 3 yrs....it will keep the vol going....and they have a few thousand staff working on self driving car software and ev.... 
infinix hot s3x specifications and price in nigeria 
me and laura 
bro what?? my man kneels and is know getting treated like a criminal. … 
i’m at simpson’s trivia rn and this is another league of fandom that i have never experienced 
dad and i are both at two different airports at the same time and we’re both having the flight time but different destination. 
adorable! tell the babies hi! they know where they got it made, makes me want to turn into a cat and meow on your deck! lol 
temperature 30.1c and rising. wind: 4.4km/h nw. barometer steady. more: 
one of the bakeries you can eat at by winning first prize is glazed and confused bakery. swing by and see what tasty treats you can get by entering our raffle: … … 
@ troyesivan if this whole music thing doesn’t work out maybe you should work in fragrances and candle making 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 3 aug 2011). and you? 
tensions build between 7-eleven and its store owners … via @ seattletimes 
you can make a song with a random word generator and if drake sings it the internet explodes 
i have one small carry on suitcase and a small bag that contains a book and a bottle of gin. 
cool, it's funny that ramos seemed like the underdog at the beginning of cliffhanger, and he ended up producing the most content by far. 
white kids droppin the n-bomb is so beyond uncool! someone drop this kid in east oakland ,south san francisco,st louis or any mayor city and show them this video. racist scum bag! … 
i was looking at my laptop camera and had an idea... i could take a picture and use that as inspiration for an ogre vtt monster token... let's see how this twisted idea develops! 
oh, immagration, sole authority, commander and chief. could be a lot worse i would be! 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 3 months, 15 days (since 19 apr 2014). and you? 
ladies and gentlemen of #resist, meet john abarr, goper turned "dem" as a cover for his white supremacy. abarr is a recruiter for the montana kkk that wants to unite right wing "dems" and gopers, and is disavowed by the montana democratic party. beware! … 
sis we’re cancelled and thats the tea! 
on another note richard always tries to pronounce spanish words but he sounds like peggy hill and it slays me real bad 
i wonder how suleiman’s hate speech against gays and his calls for gender segregation would play with the @ womensmarch audience? …. well, they were ok with the same from #blackdavidduke. so i guess following linda is more important than any other principles. 
the walls of the boxes do seem to be getting thicker day by day. it is alarming, as everyone gets more and more committed to their own flag. 
i definitely wouldn’t be surprised to see him on a roster in a few weeks. he’s been precise and has the ability to do both in a pinch. 
gonna change my name and apply for a job there 
@ madijmunday just stopping by to say you’re beautiful and i’m glad i met such a cool much love girl 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 4 aug 2011). and you? 
madre cutting onions and my eyes are burning 
day 7 - a romantic movie - moulin rouge! i've watched this movie countless times, i can sing along to any of its songs, and my dream dress is satine's red dress. this movie made me fall in love with baz luhrman's ability to tell a modern fairytale... and there's even bowie in it 
i want to die and cry at the same time 
two great bits of business carried out this window by #hibs. now we have that front two that can terrorise defences in the bag......time to go get scott allan back in the green and white 
oh and just cause you dont see shit like this in real life doesnt mean it doesnt exist thx 
christianity isn’t about rules. it’s about relationships. god wants us to (1) love him with all we’ve got and (2) love others. 
canadian don't like the idea refugees from #america, yes america of all places, are pouring into #canada and we will house them in college dorms and now, hotels with all the trimmings. crazy, just plain nuts ! 
bgogo exchange is launching platform token bgg and hosting an 1,000,000 bgg bounty for community contributors! … join now! … 
there is no job in the private sector that would pay someone $275,000 to travel the world while doing little to no work at all. it’s so awesome and i’m so fortunate to have landed such a job in government. my smarts and work ethic have paid off. set your goals high! 
saw fallen kingdom tonight. man, i saw the original two weeks ago and i’m still riding that high. this is in no way that film, more like a lost world. this film asks one question and gives two answers. which is right? i don’t know. good though. 7-8.5/10 
unexpectable a written ask and a response knowing the bush did it i don't kino i fight fiercly;. 
its called projection and is a symptom common among psychopaths, sociopaths and narcissists. 
you'll love this house inside and out. 
i stepped on a staple today and it will fully inserted into my foot 
my one teeny and extremely unlikely sliver of hope is davpro..... please david..... they’re lesbians david............ 
students and their families are invited to enjoy a meal—for only $6!—on august 15, 16 and 17 at champions kitchen in the gatton student center or the fresh food company at the 90. student meal plans start on friday, august 17. 
they don't have too fox also have competitors in netflix etc getting extra subscribers helps them. its why channel 9 want games in smaller venues. it comes across better for the home viewer. the clubs, nrl and tv broadcasters need to be working together. i will leave it at that 
mrs. captain picard ( @ gates_mcfadden). and @ akaworf and @ levarburton and @wilw and @ brentspiner and you’re not too old for data/b4... there is cgi/de-aging technology... ok, you know what? just being them all back! #startrek 
remember, if you're the champ, talk shit and don't get hit by being tough shit. just because people attempt at covering something doesn't mean you can't do it better. and while that puts higher expectations on you, use that pressure to make sure you live up to that expectation. 
burch smith is 28 now and johan santana was 28 in his final twins season. 
i love you and i miss you 
well, it amazing we can get that kind of an admission from a genus such as him (and yes, i misspelled "genius" on purpose). 
tbh i had sprint when i was in nc and it was shit but even when i was home it was garbage 
you have an islamic epidemic. there isn't a cure. the gov. caused it and can't find a solution.. … 
sarah dickson could literally say "go off" after anything and i would laugh so hard omg 
you have just simply asserted that experience and cognition are truth-apt, because we detect they are truth apt via our cognition. this is circular. … 
“she said life ain’t about smoking weed and fucking bitches, grow up. tears rolling down my face heavily so i smoked one.” 
so i finished andromeda and uhhh, i was sitting like this through the whole ending sequence (and through jaal romance scenes, jfc that was cringy as hell). game certainly has some good sides, but it's not wholesome and glitches oh shitload of glitches. 
we’re not old, we’re distinguished. and court is a gilf 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 6 days (since 30 mar 2012). and you? 
no one ever wants to just stay in and watch movies wit me 
like if some guy on he street told me i’m ugly and then i walk into a bank and a bank robber tells me the same thing i’m no more offended the second time other than maybe for it being the second time lol. why is it different? 
no need to dm, can you just have one of your reps print all statements from both my accounts with names and addresses of all charges, and have them printed in english. rosy, they know who i am, have them call me. thank you. #cyberbullying 
this response makes me happy. sarcasm is my fav and you sir do it well 
i had such a great weekend, ya know aside from getting in an atv accident and having a bruise bigger than my hand 
agreed, add bacon and ketchup for perfection! #squeekycheese 
your approvals are horrendous; far less than they were for obama at this point in his presidency, and he was busy trying to make sure there was no depression, since the gop left him with an economy in mid-crash. … 
i’ve never seen the kids in this wash dishes but i’ve heard they do. i left puah there and she’s says she washes them once 
emergimg gas company $ stx raises $3m from four sophs at a a premium..is john poynton one? huge vote of confidence as jaws1 looks to prove commercial flows very soon and wa lease seems like a decent play... 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 27 days (since 8 dec 2012). and you? 
your constant criticism of democrats is old and tiring. i can assure you, without the support of the democratic base and independents like me, you will never be president. #imaveteran 
pad the rooms, hide the belts and shoelaces. rent a puppy. 2020 is coming, and not the one you were hoping for. from your posts i just have to ask jack. does your last name begin with an a? #maga #2020trumplandslide #2morescotuspicks #didntyoupromisetomovetocanada 
reg has a free/open license or an open artist and something that sounds nice is impossible lol 
i’m falling asleep and if i do i know i won’t wake up till waaaaaay later 
i thank god i have been a ham or amateur radio operater since 1966 cal sign w4mte, the phony news or fake news cant block world wide news i have seen this u.s.a news media lying for years and years. 
i have eczema too and its terrible. i know the pain. my doctor told me to pour a cap full of bleach in my bath and it helps dry it out and get rid of it. i know it may sound crazy but it works! its just like if you were to get in a pool. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 14 days (since 23 jul 2013). and you? 
new to the #spnbday2018 community ? hello and welcome ! tonight’s debate is : in which ways can the sam and cas girls support the devastated dean girls, mourning the temporary loss of their hero. all suggestions are welcome 
"do not be so demanding jinxx." ashley huffed and then dropped the blanket onto his bandmates face. ashley knew that jinxx still hated the fact that he drank. "i know the rest of you guys still look at me and judge me for being reckless and a child." 
the white man next to me smell like sweat and ass 
okay so episode 10 and 11 of katsugeki were the highlights.... episode 12 is just... grandiose garbage 
— quietly, his voice muffled and a little hard to understand from his thumb being in his mouth. 
the shuttle driver just announced that she is too short and can’t see. don’t know if i’ll make it to klot so goodbye everyone 
a former wr for the @blizzardifl , lance taylor has continued to build his skills and is now the wr coach of the @ panthers ! 
still running some fortnite solos! come by and show some love 
says a political clown and a convict. 
sr and jr letting each other down for close to 4 decades 
free speech is dead and #democrats and the #left killed it 
kol and davina are cute or whatevah 
check out this article (introduce yourself and make a connection.) by cascia talbert published on the healthy moms magazine … #communicating #friendships 
man this dude mikey woke up and said georgeee, my baby really love curious george 
actually the days have more barkah as against the last ten nights of ramadan. so fasting and zikr during the day is more desirable, however praying tahajjud is a very very very good idea as it is an excellent act of ibadah. jzkl 
you state very confidently that above a zlb you can not have a jg and balanced fiscal spending looking five years ahead. you haven't argued why this is the case or tried to prove it. you've just started it and angrily declared everyone should agree. 
enter to win the arthur: d.w. and the beastly birthday children's dvd from @ arthurpbs on #twoclassychics blog ends 8-22 #giveaway … 
nonesense. many countries in europe have low beer prices and not an alcohol problem. grow up man. 
we could talk about their favorite show and their most and least favorite episodes and what they're watching at the moment. tv!!!! 
my heart is beating so fast and the episode hasn't even started, gosh #the100 
i thought you were talking about physical confrontation. stop talking bs, casemiro had an ok season. how many rm games have you watched? he was both unstoppable and out of form, meanwhile vidal was on the bench or injured. implying case isn't a top cdm is beyond logic. 
well, it's over. the leftist media and their democrat pals won. they can be biased, they can block people, they can shut anyone up they want. nobody cares. even @ howardkurtz does not care. it's over folks. 
i voted for @ cybertronpc for a chance to win some extreme prizes. check out their rig and get contest details at . rt and you could win too. #intelrigchallenge 
just when i think my heart cannot break any further, i realize it is now splitting at the atomic level #resist and call congress 
or a sugar daddy. sir can have a sugar momma and we'll be rich together. 
great article exploring how to attract stronger candidates and boost productivity by having a a clear social corporate responsibility strategy. #hr #talentaquisition 
i love to roll but some guys be weird if you smoke and they don't. if they complain i just don't bother lol 
and with this class, we're basically learning about a software which can potentially replace me as an engineer. bitch i don't wanna learn about that, burn that shit down 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 8 days (since 30 mar 2012). and you? 
can i let go of my butts now it's been 7 hours and my hands are numb and my butts are numb and i'm starting to think neither exist and yes it was plural butts? 
thanks to voyage chicago for the piece on our founder and owner david calzaretta. … … 
good record for the cologne second team in 2012, underrated target man up there with santa cruz and yakubu 
11 people followed me and 6 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
so other than popsicles i’m giving up sweets for the month of august and i’m going to limit my meat intake.... 
real people really live and let live. 
and also 
if he's got any sense he'd get as far as possible. and de gea is our best player. 
august - a late post. ama and stacy celebrate. cousins bob and cindy too but covered. gemini covers chris w. ... and sadness covers happiness. 
i love the way it feels, it's got me stuck between my fantasy and what is real. 
housing demand fell 9.6% in june, marking the biggest decline since april 2016. how will this affect rates and your ability to get a house? learn about the state of rates and more with this report: 
somebody knocking at my door and i'm not answering 
mrř'hŕ'a̭wr, crew! ensign murakami reporting for duty. lurch, androids, and duplicate kirks. i'll set the replicators to double-strrength liquor orders. #allstartrek 
my auntie pics up a random phone and takes a hundred random pics of the family 
urb-e is designed and built in pasadena california by hand out of carbon fiber and aircraft aluminum. applauded as an american made heroes company! … 
when u get the tix and realize i haven't studied for ass 
…, especially since the bill never mentions the wall or a barrier? doing the math, and assuming (foolishly) that $1 billion each year will be allocated for trump's wall, it will take 25 years to complete! 
love the save the date card djtsidworks thanks for allowing to be apart of the process of making them and being a groomsman. cheers! … 
statler and wartdolt 
please find some help and get away from the toxicity 
a class with bell to bell teaching and learning is one with respect for all members! 
some of my favorite photos of paddington <3 i miss him every day since he ran away in april..i hope he's safewherever he is and i'll keep looking for him. 
anticipate energy by euro and xcypha 
doyenne needs talented women and men from all professional backgrounds. if you are passionate about helping women entrepreneurs develop their potential, build their ventures, and contribute to our community, become a member today! #beaudacious … 
i wish they would admit their mistakes. if you get it wrong just say so. i got burnt out on that movement as they refused to move on and reset when it didn't work out. instead they just keep building on it to save face. 
ok, so you’re presenting this one page as your entirely irrefutable proof that q is a fraud. wow. these are your views, and you’re welcome to them. now, how does this give you the right to dictate and berate the views of others? 
#bankofamerica should stop asking customers to verify their citizenship immediately. they should not be tools of a racist and anti immigrant administration. #holdbanksaccountable @ … 
and yeah, i’ll take your word on it. 
so mo wasn’t sleeping and was just screaming until quran started playing and she conked out sleeping with a smile on her face 
i see what pov you have... and i don't say we should lower our guard... but still for me, as a german, the onhding hypersensitivity is sometimes a lil bit...annoying... growing up in germany means get penetrated with our history... we are weary! when will there be faith in us? 
now, i don't normally do this, but i am having coffee on the train in one of those paper cups. this is because i was running a few minutes early and a new coffee shop, which i wanted to try, has opened next to ashfield station. 
move and leave no forwarding address. 
let's use our breathing and journaling before we get out the vise telly. 
illegal non citizens should not be able to vote. people need to be citizens and need to be brought up as americans not as the cou try you came from. you left that country. america is now first 
i always forget and open twitter all the time at work 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 11 months, 15 days (since 24 aug 2012). and you? 
if i do it will you send me another one because they’re low key gonna be pissed. i’m 22 living rent free and now i’d be eating all their food too 
i was going to see the meg and blackkklansman tonight but decided to watch preseason football instead. now i’ll prob never see those movies. 
gonna try a bit of extremely casual gaming and see how it feels on the ol tendons. wish them luck. 
jamieson gartshore completed the achievement and received rewards staff wr... 
i liked a @ youtube video is the qur'an miraculous? muslim and christian dialogue about the quran on 
the weather app on my phone said it was going to ran today (and the next 2 days) but we got nothing 
so growing up my nickname was giggles and i never want to relive those moments. thank you for understanding 
and the hair>>>> 
yay sustainable energy oh and what are we doing about #miriamfire which has like a billion times the co2 emissions of that building and is only 6% contained because our state’s fire departments are still under funded ? 
all so true! and i totally agree about it being ok—and for some maybe preferable!—for grad school and whatever comes next not to be related. and a big yes to listening to students’ expertise and investing in resources to fill gaps in faculty knowledge/experience. 
i’m scared of stairs and this tweet gave me anxiety 
the clinton foundation,haiti,the jeswits and christian faith weaponized charity: haiti child trafficking … youtube ezili dantò weaponized charity: haiti child trafficking hub exposed 
seeing pictures of the my lai massacre in life magazine when they were first published. my dad was in vietnam at the time. created great struggle in my mind. ever since then, i have sided with the people, the poor, the powerless and with all those who fight against oppression. … 
i have crackshot and its rare but honestly don’t care if it returns it’s just a skin which everyone should get the chance to use 
oh ok uhhhhhh idk man it's your average rhythm game i guess the main thing is there are a lot of characters (tsukiuta and tsukipro) and events rotate between all those groups with little down time so it'll be easier on your life to just focus on your faves lmao 
brian, respectfully, you and your brother preach hate towards fellow americans each and every day. because they are trump supporters. it's the same thing. 
just getting buzzed and taking personality quizzes with my parents 
“life is shitty a lot of the time. but really great things come from shit. like shrooms. shrooms grow from shit and they give you a magical trip” - @ leanneliggett 
wow i am starting to stan in2it and learn about their group's history and watch back boys24. i cant say how proud i am with isaac. 
im offered to edit videos for this guys channel, but he wants me to look through his 6 hour maplestory stream and cut it down to a 5 minute highlight video. if it pays well, ill actually do it. but you got me fucked up to think i want to edit such a boring video lol 
@ ursulav has a new one coming out? my daughter will be so excited! (and me too, let’s be honest) 
gostei de um vídeo @ youtube … calculation and other "mathemagic" | arthur benjamin 
a peek inside the insanity of a trumpturd. we literally have videos of trump and his nazis celebrating the notion of separating families while trump's supporters cheered them on. … 
lils and i will be there (minus the little in earphones!) 
while i deff would buy this myself, it has a nice texture and smells good … 
we will be there tomorrow ! come help sen. @ tedcruz at the copperas cove isd’s 4th annual “stuff the bus” at walmart and ask him your questions. fun! . … 
i won a free ticket at orlando 2018 and they haven’t emailed it to me yet?? 
miss you and the whole gamut of galavantians! happiest of happies! … 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 11 months, 16 days (since 24 aug 2012). and you? 
couldnt come to minnesota and not see the oldest of my little sisters @mall of america … 
caroline and i at drum corps international world finals! go bluuuuuuuuue! 
y'all really out there blaming and pointing fingers to taehyung stans and even tae himself for something you can't even prove. this fandom rlly surprises me sometimes 
#askroot when and how do you foresee servias using felix in his new role from the bullpen? 
in the long run it offers more choice than previous fallouts, when you have a buncha cards to switch between, but yeah i get what you mean (though i’d never say mh values my time what with 500 hours in and no 2nd attack gem) 
i hate that people see the caribbean as just black. while the african diaspora is so widespread and predominate, those caribbean countries aren’t just black countries. everyone is there basically. 
i want money and i need attention. @ omarosa . my only hope is that you feel the backlash of the 62 million americans that voted for your @ potus that you were supposedly loyal to before, during, and after the campaign! i pray you feel that fire and fury you worthless … 
day 1 of my new life at uco and spent the day setting up my house. cant wait for the rest of the year 
"you have to take risks and sacrifice a part of your happiness" 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 12 days (since 30 mar 2012). and you? 
i feel like people sort of... both over and under estimate the differences here. i still look like me, just like a female version of me... which is what i looked like when i had long hair and makeup, pre-transition. 
i read this in the context of the tom hanks movie you were telling at and was like "yup. yup. wait what? oh." 
we had two different laptops up for people to register to vote and then request mail-in ballots for themselves so they could still cast a ballot while at away at school this november! 
arbitrade's communication to token holders has been noticed and is applauded, considering the social media accounts which troll & disparage arbitrade's efforts. that said, you are under no obligation to hold these c-cex stragglers hands any further. let them take it up with c-cex 
time to bust open the pasta and airdrop this bad boy 
sharice davids is not the first indian to run for congress from kansas. the first indian was a republican, charlie curtis. he won and then also became a senator and then herbert hoover's vp. … #remainred 
rise and shine 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 8 months, 3 days (since 8 dec 2012). and you? 
okay i feel this... i’m closing tonight then i have a store meeting at 7am tomorrow and a shift from 2:30-10:30pm 
oh and i have to wait 2 years. yup. so fucking excited. 
to whoever tweeted about trader joes japanese fried rice a while back: thank you, and i love you. 
your welcome. will definitely tune in. congrats and keep going. … 
congrats to @ lsampano and @ obee1998 on being recognized as the rob delaat award winners for being outstanding volunteers at this years banquet. don’t know where the north halton tide would be without leanne and marlene. 
that is a coffee stout which combines two of the greatest things ever - coffee and beer! 
i’ve been dming him and he hasn’t responded to me either i hope he’s ok 
happy birthday seb. i love u more than words can describe. ur selflessness and kind heart makes this world a better place and i am so thankful for it. i could go on forever about how much u mean to me but that would take ages to write so im just gonna leave it at that. love katie 
well where i'm at school starts back tomorrow and yes i have a senior 1 glad single mom 
and i’ve moved studios more times than anyone should. 
two trash bags of trash, two of donation. my room is feeling more and more empty as i move stuff upstairs to be taken on wednesday n getting rid of stuff 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 8 months, 4 days (since 8 dec 2012). and you? 
this is class all the way. tiger sticking around to congratulate brooks koepka on his win at the pga. america take some notes on how to not win with grace and poise. @ tigerwoods @ gctigertracker @ … 
let go. that is the lesson. attachment is the root of all suffering. remain connected but detached from all out comes. just let people be there true self and manifest there own karma. has nothing to do with me. 
why's people in my school is wearing a fake yeezys, that's embracing themselves. it's like $450 and they wearing $50 yeezy. smh 
and with dignity he covers with his hand a patch that looks like it could be a confederate flag! 
sorry i'm running late. i had to stop for gas and i'm on question 19 of 41 before i can use my credit card. 
i'm officially offering the moist boi @ benshapiro a $100 thighmaster corporation bearer bond to participate in a moistness taste test of 30 year old twinkies. come at me bruh. and don't forget to bring the twinkies. … 
trevor made me be a normal human being and go swimming today. lathering up in spf and feeling super insecure in my bathing suite is not my favorite thing to do but we had fun anyway!… … 
yes theres are days (rare) and a weekend now and then, but something has change in football in terms of using stats. before september things where different momentum wise. its different now - even very solid tipsters have longer periods between good runs. good luck everybody 
i won't have it any other way or i'll email the russo brothers myself demanding my money back. and everyone else's too 
deal takers by @ lauraleebooks is out now! check it out and grab your copy! … 
ugh i love getting drunk and texting everyone in my contacts 
i'm a firm believer in positive affirmations and speaking things into existence. glad you're having a good day. but i keep telling myself i'm gonna be rich one day yet here i am wondering where my million dollars is... 
universal health coverage is achievable and can improve global health! watch how in this explainer by @ glblctzn and @ 
i start school tomorrow and since my schedule changed last minute, i will be alone in all my classes. 
just when the host company thought they've killed the #business; we came forth stronger on and lowered our prices to n0.90k/unit. get more for less. #pepperdem #nademdeyrushus 
see the thread above - i have a friend who lost service a few hours after a technician visited to restore service to the fios lines. he's basically had several outages at this point and probably has half a month total time with a fios outage 
2,000 shallots, pulled and curing 
happy birthday and congrats :) 
omg i'm so outspoken and annoying today if my blocked/muted count goes up if i check tmr id laugh 
c. s. lewis loved to debate theology and is probably largely responsible for getting modernists closer to god. 
reaching out againn cause i dont have money to buy any books and really want these! 1. the traitor prince by cj redwine 2. smoke in the sun by renee ahdieh 3. everlife by gena showalter #bookishwish 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 16 days (since 27 dec 2012). and you? 
also also, “carnivorous pygmy moose” was the hardest thing on the album to memorize. took me days to get the speech and the cadence right. 
and there will be plenty of idiots who buy it and believe every word. 
just set up my recording equipment. i need some musically inclined friends to come record and make music with me. #wssu22 
i listened to the recent episode of @ fridgelightcbc and left thinking, i need to make yogurt and i wish i had @ lindsaymic family culture. then found this video! #happiness … 
i appreciate the professionalism of the @ americanair crew and the safe, on-time arrival. 
trump has kidnapped the dignity of the oval office and dragged into the sewers with him. … 
craving for bacon and eggs for breakfast. 
when you spend your paycheck in 5 days and gotta push through 
the crowd will consist of 20 or so stage hands, a few seagulls and about 750,000,000 various bugs/mosquitos … 
perfect to put on democrats’ cars in november so they smash ‘em up and they can’t get to the polls. … 
nice win for the boys soccer team this evening over harrison county 2-1! goals were scored by wick hallos and colin miedler. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 4 months (since 15 apr 2014). and you? 
health care and education would not be financial issues. 
i was a part of a team that analyzed fins from hong kong’s market, and we found that protected sharks are still frequently being traded. that’s a big problem, as one of the leading threats to sharks is the trade of their fins, and hong kong is a... … 
tonight city council recognized burt mohler for his 25 years of service with the city's fire department. burt began his employment with the department on july 3, 1993 and holds the position of fire captain. thanks for all you do burt! 
when i grow up i want to be able to raise a hand in the air and have the band behind me launch into a thrilling live rendition of my boss battle theme 
you can express your love for me back in some chicken and mash potatoes 
chinese football - blind men and an elephant 
which is also searching for love and find the discipline to practice. 
driving across british columbia, forests and land ravaged by wildfire, smoke and ash clouding the air - stay safe, respect campfire bans #canadawildfires #bcwildfires 
literally just click on your profile and move your eyes to the pinned tweet and you'll know 
democratic candidates for governor and lieutenant governor file pre-primary fundraising numbers … via @ gothamgazette 
i'm lebanese and i'm a purist. humus is chickpeas, olive oil, tahini, garlic, lemon and salt. nothing more, nothing less! 
you're jealous cause my dig is bae and you ain't. [grins.] 
i shouldn’t be terrified to send my kids to school, and yet 
then shame on you!! you must be conspiring with trump and russia as your actions show that your arms are wide open welcoming an enemy of our country. you have zippo sense of loyalty to america. john brennan is a hero and he dares dares to ? @ potus which is your duty & @ gop. 
hey @ twitter, banning a guy like @ stringsays_ , who funny, not political, funny about my aggies, tweets about raising his disabled children is not cool. twice now! he’s good people, an academic, and a threat to no one. 
… war update: china may have shot self in foot.oh it has alex jones persecution gods last straw chinese begin to vent discontent with president xi and his policies 
i'm really sorry that's terrifying be aware of your surroundings and stay near people and if he does anything or follows you call the police 
if you like cute/funny pictures of dogs please be my friend so we can send them back and forth to each other 
one of my bigger anxieties living on guam (and this applies to hawaii too) was that if the world ends or society collapses while you're there... you're never getting off that island if we're on the mainland i can at least go all mad max and take a roadtrip to find my grandma 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 9 years (since 16 aug 2009). and you? 
i don’t think so. i believe he spoke exactly how he thought and as he thinks many of his constituents think. which is telling. i’ve moved amongst people like this and i’ve heard it, decried it and been denounced as all kinds of “@&$&$@“ lover. they’re out there. 
i need to go to sky zone or ninja lounge, like asap. i have the meanest urge to flip and jump all over the place. 
no it's always been there since uni. i just am not good at the course i took and my profession :c thank u gels for asking. ikaw how r u? 
21 points 8-12 shooting 3-4 threes 0 turnovers couple assists and boards in one half okay bud 
and the left wants you to believe that racism still exists in this country racism exists because the left wants it to. i see this article and i realized the best that this country has if we would just show it more … 
here's a translation for you: @ realdonaldtrump gave you enough rope to hang yourself, and now that they have no more intel to gather from your traitor/leaker network, the hammer is about to fall. trump is coming for you. no deals 
she was reporting screams in an alley in the middle of the night - what did this officer expect her to be wearing and what difference does what she was wearing have to do with him shooting her????????????????????????? 
reminder in the form of art from @ citymuttfursuit that i'm cute and fancy as heck! 
thank you for your commitment to true principles and for being unrelenting of speaking truth to power. know that “we the people” stand with you. 
how much ang nike shirts and what size? 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 29 days (since 18 jul 2011). and you? 
sorry but accounts like this one make me get myself out and i don't care anything. really sorry, anyway it wasn't supposed to be a joke 
how does anyone use a treadmill at the gym while listening to the greatest showman soundtrack and not lip sync and make arm gestures? 
actually it turns out that 'dan from long island' is the victim of some guy who fabricated a story for his vox blog due to the low turn out of the actual altrighters. the whole thing is fabricated by this zack and i'm honestly quite disgusted that someone would do that. 
because @ marcusreports and i are #avgeeks we have discussed alternatives to the #militaryparade over dinner this evening. so here’s an idea (bc no one *really* wants to see tanks anyway... you know?): 
and our tribe will reunite soon!!! 
homegirl didn't spawn in for like 2 minutes. and i could have just switched to codcast. thanks for the kick tho :( 
and it’s back to not getting home until after 6pm sometimes i miss living in oxnard ... pero despues se me pasa 
people saying mariah shouldn’t be involved with an aretha tribute are messy, horrible people who are tacky and have literally no common sense, taste or worth as a living being. 
why would the current president, and doj of which the president is chief, call on a man who is hostile to everything he does. back in the real world .... not going to happen. 
bringing the soil to you is a very thoughtful gesture. and so glad you arrived back in england safe and well. 
there seems to be some weird symbiotic relationship between the proliferation of plagiarism and the ease of detecting it. like surely there should be less occurring now? 
hey ucf i’ll always love you but college should be way more affordable and accessible … 
and the battle shall continue. … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 6 months, 5 days (since 10 feb 2012). and you? 
come on mr christophe choo you are the richest real estate man in los angeles so you better help the homeless peoples and plus charities and donations for poor peoples as well as you got plenty many money in your banks accounts come on help the homeless and poor peoples, 
what am i supposed 2 do if im talentless, depressed, unmotivated, a moron, and ugly...... 
and there he goes, so perfectly... the kind of flawless i wish i could be 
i'm from brooklyn bro and all we care about is bars. plus we think you're a monster in this culture. u and @ geechigotti are straight. i'm not a new fan either. i'm from that era where dudes came to ur block for the smoke! trust me bro real battle rap fans support u in ny 
dude can you just give it a rest and try being president for a minute? 
yeah the free ones often don’t get updated but it’s usually good enough to get you up and running with the basics 
guest going to join us and play rhythm guitar on those. 
people out here having a problem with joon spending money that he worked hard for stop being bitter clowns and trying to finance what he buys as if he ain’t part of a company worth trillions 
i seriously can't decide for splatfest im just gonna see what sumi, ika, and maybe rainn choose (if they actually decide to play splat since its boring) for splatfest. i honestly think they'll choose fork because fortnite and im the only one who really plays splatoon anymore 
it's fine you did a really good job. i enjoyed the stream. you and @ tealful are a good team. oh and i like your style. you pretty cool. … 
i usually make it with vanilla and chocolate layers but then i saw white chocolate pudding 
it just shows this company doesn’t care like they say they do! but you’re moving on to bigger and better things tho!! just keep that in mind! 
only had black and white tv, went to a friends house to watch wizard of oz in color for the first time! #bragaboutyourgeneration 
of was then.. and reflection what made and how useful and become like a cornerstone. a database backbone structure program system... and a chemist tech competing with oracle database, i wonder how interesting, offering to customers and client.. a fraction of, over price oracle..? 
the first quarter comes to a close with greenwood up 7-0, knocking on the door at the 3, but facing a 4th and 1. coach pippen letting the officials have it for not giving a measurement 
ooh i'd bet on it being the muscle pain i think. not sure. but it's happened to me before i just kinda took some painkillers and dealt with it 
simpson's hit and run!!! (don't forget mvp 2005) 
we arrive on sept 8th. we were trying to save money. (whispers...i’m looking at plans and thinking how can we add a party night) 
how nice would it be to have someone be so in love with you and just wants you all the time ♡ 
success focuses on the six d's: desire, determination, discipline, devotion, dedication, and destiny. 
@ profosinbajo spending such high amount outside nigeria to our loss as a country and very great discouragement to our tech startup firm. i have many smart and better ideas for the country and if things continue this way we aren't going to achieve anything as a black nation. 
of what? nothing so far and her publicity book tour is almost over. 
lmaoo man this exactly what happened to me and i have the same sketch book … 
vyara hitched a ride, and was promptly offered squishy fruit to toss at others. this is her new spot in dazar'alor. 
and the fact that i have to come back tmrw am for another double and deal with same ass client makes me mad ! 
cfd air sea rescue chopper and fast boat 
danny myers ended his round saying "arp get on your phone and tweet about that!" #rarebreeds #rbe 
just saw this but the polka dots and the striped one are everything 
what tasty treats for each member of the audience and theatrical treats galore on stage in @ toastplay @ traversetheatre - a charming, wistful, touching & entertaining piece. bravo to a fab cast & creative team and caterers !! @ edfringe @ caterbybarryb … 
so... if by “dv” she means, “domestic violence...” why would she back someone like keith ellison? he was reported and documented for such a crime! wtf? 
she probably didn’t make it. a lot of stans make gc and add their favs 
did i ever tell y’all harry and babies was my weakness?? 
saw this and was inspired to share. … 
i used to rly hate my nose but i’m actually starting to love it bc it makes me, me. no one has a nose like me and i love it 
you never know when it’s the last time you’ll see someone. hug them a little longer when you say goodbye, make sure they know their worth and appreciate the time you have spent together, before it’s too late. 
he’s not. barry and wallace took his some of his speed. 
all the best captain. may allah guide you with wisdom and strength. 
i’m done talking about what i’m tryna do, i’ll get to the next step and go from there 
@ ebischoff you and @ heyheyitsconrad have been doing a great job with the podcast. it helps me get through the days at work being able to listen to hours of content. keep up all the hard work you guys are doing with #83weeks. 
@ johnpetruccii i can't stop listening and thank you for being the only one me3bar this amazing song 
click on the picture and then on top e right there will be 3 dots, click there u save will appear then u click "save"... 
when i know final jeopardy and two of the three contestants get it wrong 
idk what i've done for you to not talk to me anymore but, i'll always be here for you, praying for you, and cheering you on... i love you always and forever i'm you number 1 fan 
the bumber is just hyping it up to make it more of a pay day the blokes a fool and will leave the game a rich fool 
sorry dude...x""" d but i always wanted to see eris in ya style! :oc 
"together, you and i, we can be like beauty and the beast. what do you say? would you be my beast?" 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 11 months, 28 days (since 22 aug 2011). and you? 
how to use #networking to succeed in #business and 
having finished altered carbon like i get ur lone anti hero trope but i don't get why anthony mackie sleeved tak can't just date riker and ortega in s2 
i am certainly too novice to have any true expertise, but in my experience they can all be pretty rough. jlr seems very slow right now, and jort seems troubled as well. i have had mixed experiences with leisure sciences, and jpra seems okay. 
even if that's the case, you said "major games" as in plural..... you named one game. and 4 games out of a library of thousands. you're reaching here 
thanks to jeff ugly keeping the fucking air blasting the whole weekend my ugly ass all stopped up and hardly can breathe 
ladies...are you done? both of you were agreeing with one another and yet the thread continued.....and continued.....and continued......are you good??? 
u came around and you showed us the most 
rainbows, 11:11, eyelashes, “wishing flowers” are my most favorite things. they give me something to have faith in and to look forward to. 
after this week, i wouldn't be surprised if @ chrislhayes had an interview with kellyanne conway and @ maddow had an interview with stephen miller. 
kevin owens already got a ko money in the bank shirt....oh he taking that briefcase and he cashing in tonight #summerofslams @ wwe 
face with any of us because she's only a keyboard warrior and couldn't put what little money scientology has left them with where her enormous mouth is.. 
i cant believe we got 1 clc preview and 0 pristin im drownifn 
simple facts > sources > opinions and our opinions don't mean any more than the opinions of his friends nearly as much as the facts. which reminds me: … 
using a journal to improve my mental health for the first time in a loooong time and man, am i loving exclamation points #mymentalhealth 
drinking and playing fortnite is quite the experience i can’t tell if i got any better at it or worse 
beautiful day for a scotch and cigar pairing. with jim patterson of william grant & sons for a balvenie scotch & alec bradley cigar tasting at stage left steak. @ alecbradley… … 
also i’ve been wondering... how bad is brunson’s injury? she’s been out for awhile now and we desperately need her rebounding in the playoffs. 
a dimauro family, and many men and women are recorded criminally involved with them, and with an o'brien family with inter-branch, and with inter-campuses idenity thefts crime acts, and crime roles with child offenders/sandy hook clciks w docs w it before principal sex offender 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 5 months, 27 days (since 22 feb 2013). and you? 
london crime: police called to shootings in westminster and brent as three people rushed to hospital 
. @ sigridkaag @ markrutte and mps in the #netherlands please make education a priority in your new development policy with 100m euros to @ gpforeducation to support girls learning including through menstrual hygiene management because #itsbloodytime #sheisequal‍️ 
it's a good cause, and i hope she does well, and that her husband doesn't undermine the effort. but i'm not holding my breath. 
save themselves the trouble and call an election. 
mango shrimp tostada, agua chili oh ya and 2 for 1 skinny margarita for lunch! at #acuabarymar come on #mexicali!!! @ turismomexicali : 
straight outta clopton at buckley's in hampton bays. @ iamingridnilson @ cathyweseluck and @ 
+ went by, her addiction to being someone else to mask her pain and emotions became harder for her to separate the two, causing her to become multiple personalities inside of the computer screen. only a few of her friends knew the truth, though. + 
and that's what everyone does these days more or less 
beto orourke whose real name is robert francis orourke has a mugshot online. did he change his name to sound hispanic? he is irish. he was arrested for a dwi, attempted forcible entry and attempted burglary. his father was a judge so he didn't go to jail. 
can y’all please say a prayer for me tonight i’m interviewing for a second job tomorrow and i’ll take all the prayer i can get bc i neeeeeed this job. i can’t take this debt anymore 
not only is it amazing that @ simone_biles has gotten even better with age (uncommon when you’re 20+ in gymnastics) but you can tell she’s just so confident in herself despite abuse and never-ending criticism. i admire her more than words can say. … 
hello, we're sorry to learn about this. if you require assistance, please let us know and we'll do our best to help. please follow us @ bell_support and dm us the details about what you need help with and your account information. thank you ^tj 
someone can be a victim and a perpetrator. on does not preclude the other. abuse is an ugly cycle. 
why’s he gotta put his wedding ring front and centre like that … 
. @ alain_berset @ ignaziocassis will you join #globalcitizens on 29 sep in new york or on 2nd dec in johannesburg to share switzerland’s plans to achieve #sdg3 and #beatntds? #bethegeneration @ swiss_un @ thomasgass @ 2030agendach 
are filipinos still worth fighting for? yes, especially these days and those who have enabled duterte. when they finally realize that they are part of the destruction of the country and that ignorance is destructive, they will give way to critical thinking and give up credulity. 
david. you fred g. and emma. find me. can help you a lot. take care. you people are super! peace. 
it is such a dealbreaker and also i’m like how do you people think this is okay 
@ hirezajax @ titanisiah hey i’m on xbox and when i load into a game it isn’t showing my kills, assists, and wins when i load in with a god with the mastery skins?! what’s going on is this a bug? it better not be done on purpose! 
imaging what the day will be, this bride was stunning (and fun)! .… … 
simpsons hit and run 
that's actually really awesome to hear! calgary's kind of overlooked in some ways, more people are interested in vancouver and toronto. calgary's definitely a great place to watch a game, awesome atmosphere. i hope you can fulfill your dream some day :) 
didn’t beyoncé drop lemonade without any warning??? we’re getting too comfortable with predicting bts timeline that they’re going “out or script” to be unique per usual. so let’s chill and let bts be bts! 
at the very least, madonna looks like she’s still trying too hard to be provocative and not succeeding. at worst, it’s cultural appropriation rich white lady-style. … 
come out and support!!! 
thoughts and prayers 
false creek-fairview 28.3°c steady • dry and warm with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly • 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
i’m kinda really over today i just wanna go home get in my bed and go to sleep dassit .. 
angular material data table with sorting, pagination, and filtering page issue [votes: 0] #angularjs #angular … 
turn camera on. activate and test webcam. 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 22 aug 2011). and you? 
the public comment period of the metro council meeting is underway. two of the first 3 people spoke in support of a community benefits agreement for the mls stadium. supporters say it would ensure affordable housing next to the stadium and living wages for stadium workers. 
bitch the festival i’m working is premiering the new lucas hedges and lily james also i’m awkwardly 15 minutes early to this first meeting 
i recognize the hard work of women health care workers along with @ jnjcares and @ glblctzn. it’s time to fix the gender gap in health care 
so this is a desktop bot that acts as an extension? as in does everything through the actual website and not on the bot itself 
. @ ngrpresident @ mbuhari @ asorock will you join tiwa savage, femi kuti, and wizkid at #globalcitizen: mandela 100 on dec 2nd in johannesburg to share nigeria’s plans to achieve the #sdgs? 
lmao @“because of me”. as if you weren’t the one snapping me mcd photos and when are you not talking about alcohol always? 
there from work lol i keep accidentally hurting myself with the ladders and boxes, it’s nothing too serious 
my beautiful grand daughter makes and sells these. she is so talented, she becomes a teenager in two days, wow where does time go!!! … 
@ trickster_thief thomas would pull something out from the pocket and it lay on the table, it sounded like some gem piece hit on it but that is not gem. it was...a chaos emerald, a legit one and colored white. 
plus i'm childish immature and love a good wabbit season duck season skit, or a 3d through a table. 
@ alexandrachalup @ andreachalupa theres so much more to this story than just andrii telezhenko isnt there? btwn ukrainian journalists, lies, bombmakers, atlantic council, etc... collusion is real. and both you and your older sister at stopfake have a lot to answer for. … 
courtney barnett and dnp r in the same place rn i am fed 
so pocahontas thinks that illegals are not criminals; and that is scary! evil is now good to demonrats! 
it’s a good source of anecdotes; i worked at tower records for almost four years. i’ll think of more. the one that comes to mind immediately requires actual vocal and physical performance though, that may be outside the bounds of me on twitter. i’ll tag you if i post more. 
i understand that it's not major for the news but to some it's serious,or to most, just annoying. everyone has a different opinion and you happen not to care ( that's fine ) but people are getting annoyed on how light she it, this is the one picture i agree with them on 1/2 
i just don’t wanna fight with anybody. i want happiness and peace of mind. 
he won't resign until ivanka is indicted and then he'll cut a deal to walk away from the wh. he'll probably throw jr. and jared under buses, though. 
and then you get that foot cramp and all your toes spread a part 
luckily i’m inside and not in a place that’s likely to be an issue but this still seems so wild for late august in utah 
and if you don't know what i'm talking about, well....here's a beautiful version of the poem as a song. see if you can guess why it's so twisted. (other than being written by mr. poe). 
lauren tomorrow is my birthday and i dream so much in waking up with the follow her would be my best birthday present plus i think you hate me then you will not follow me 
i have that feeling of needing to go back too. it's a strong pull. i was excited to hear i have tickets to see lady gaga next year, and there is not doubt in my mind i'll go back for another visit. so, i know what you're talking about. 
should i draw my characters with clothes i pretty much "design" and it's stuff i want to wear that i've never found anywhere 
stupid and reckless. … 
thankyou students and volunteers! proud to be involved with such a great community of people that give back and pay it forward!! … 
nooo this is dead me. i really be ponderin why i’m breaking out and the foods i eat is the last thing i wanna blame but i know it’s the problem i be like it’s genetics lmaoo 
she's not going to do jack shit b/c she was for sale when she first met trump and she's obviously still for sale. 
why pay money to sky dive when you can drive in sf and experience that same near-death feeling for free 
true and i need it right now 
solicitor-general summary: it's unlikely dutton would be disqualified, but we don't know all the facts and the situation is unlike anything the high court has considered before, so there is "some risk" it might find otherwise #auspol #libspill 
@ missravenhart - just checking in! . all ur classy sensual work i see on here - it’s always freakiness but so grown mature and tasteful! ur a real woman! always have - always will be! miss seeing ur smile and engaging in our conversations. hope to again soon friend. #bestwishes 
weather in harrisburg, nc dry and comfortable with no wind temperature 74.1f humidity 60% wind w 0.00 mph rain today 0.00 inches 
i freaking love and miss my friends man today was nice 
inside miguel sano's small but important – and uneven – improvements at the plate for #mntwins. our latest sports analytics piece from @ christopherhine 
best talk i’ve heard on this is: bullies, sluts and best selves fixing digital privacy education by @ carolinecastle and @ retrothought in the #defcon26 crypto & privacy village @ cryptovillage 
guys force @ timber_squirrel and @ mannyre4 to join endstone 
industry and commerce toppled to their knees, the gears of progress halted, the underclass set free, the super-ego shatters with our ideologies, the obscene injunction to enjoy life, disappears as in a dream 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 5 months (since 24 mar 2010). and you? 
i was deadass starting to get better too and i fucked my shit up today 
awesome! which extra songs? wish we could have had more in camden! saw a clip of the way you look tonight and ?? 
he didn't know how right he was, and look at him now. whatta damn shame. … 
i like to label them in my list of bots and report them on the way to blocking 
no better way to spend a thursday than with @ budlight lime and orange, fried chicken, and our #summerthursdays happy hour at make believe in new york city. check it out on our snapchat: infatuation. 
is #maximebernier a journalist? "the conflict between journalistic perceptions of loyalty (we couldn’t find it with a map and a flashlight) and politicians’ (cardinal virtue) is often clearest when journalists go into politics." … #cdnpoli #cpc18 #cpc 
it must a vision to attract talented youngsters and volunteers into the party. 
vinnies is one of my favorite bars.. small, chill, and they got events damn near every week 
this. but sum of yall are ugly and still finds a way to embarrass and laugh at someone about it k … 
"everyone who exalts themselves will be humbled, everyone who humbles themselves will be exalted." - jesus "humble yourselves beneath god's mighty hand that he might lift you up in due time." - st. peter this i have done and will do again. 
good info here by @ txcomptroller. now let put this info on every ballot along with the debt service outstanding and tax implications for every bond proposition at local and state government levels. #debttransparency @ tppf @ jamesquinterotx #txlege @ … 
wow! thank you so much for your support at the fish fry tonight. great turnout! due to overwhelming attendance, we are out of cod, tilapia and jack salmon. remaining orders of whole cat, cat filets, and buffalo... … 
not to mention, the effort that goes into making the album covers, the cds, etc. even if it's done mostly by machine, there is still some sort of human work that goes into its production, and y'all are making their work even harder just bc you wanted to steal a photo card. 
i'm visiting my grandma and the old ladies made us turn on wheel of fortune. so, very on brand. 
i used to take hydroxycut when i worked out consistently 2 years ago but it’s too much of a gamble with the jitters and shit. 
review by: don littlefield he and his whole staff are the best . he has came to my rescue many times. especially tod 
lsn will receive first and defend north end zone. battle of north schools begins 
unpopular opinion: mankuntu maula means ali is the first and only rightful successor. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 7 months, 14 days (since 9 jan 2014). and you? 
yeah, i don’t think your wall is going to stop drugs and gangbangers coming in through tunnels. tunnels are underground...js on the bright side you sure stop those killer toddlers! … 
it’s been three weeks since i started investing in and trading stocks. i went in with zero experience or knowledge. i’ve increased my net worth by 12% 
none of y’all told me princess diaries 2 was on netflix and now we’re all in a fight 
he'd huff, rolling his eyes and wiggle his plump cheeks against the hot and thick rod, slight smirk on his face once again, shuddering softly as it's shaft dragged ever so slightly against his hole. "yeah, yeah...i suppose you're not wrong~..." 
i just got my phone fix and it’s back crack 
tonight's @ sydneyswans vs @ hawthornfc clash is so important, because they are playing for the #richmondcup and get the opportunity to play @ richmond_fc finals week 1 at the mcg. #afl #aflswanshawks 
i like this guy more and more every day. 
this is a mess of a thing and it's a wip and it's... a thing. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 6 months, 21 days (since 3 feb 2013). and you? 
and so it begins. branding genius. @tony roma's … 
he closes he’s eyes and wraps his arms around her waist “will you be here when i wake up?” 
penn state takes game 2 from #navyvb 25-21. mids hung in there all the way with the nation's sixth best team. maddi sgattoni with 8 kills, katie patrick 7. patricia mattingly 13 assists and 8 digs 
as a teacher it is so easy to let my students, classroom, and student work take up all of my free time. this guy keeps me grounded and forces me to #sharpenthesaw and keeps me from falling down that educator rabbit hole. 
coughlin vs wa if you want to see a shitty team and coughlin 
but it's hawaii... most of those shiny things are going to get knocked off and the h*ll beaten out of them! lol. 
let it be known i love hanging around with my dad. he’s so silly and is such a wacko. we’re identical 
when the killer takes the game hostage - and @ xmilkychan decides to play along.... 8) feat. @ poroprincess & me as some ghosts watching this 
is getting older just all stress all the time? i’m barely 22 and over it 
he’s living his best life. don’t judge and get into the flute life. 
honestly the past week i’ve just been working a lot of hours and minding my business, not letting people run all over me and my feelings and it’s been great 
although ion is a complete dick, i found him and luna to be the most compelling characters by a landslide thanks to their charismatic personalities (with mizuho on other side of the spectrum). 
god calum @ calum5sos how much and when can we get it 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 1 month, 3 days (since 23 jul 2013). and you? 
we want to give a shout out and congratulations to coker wrestling alumni alexander green on his engagement today! congratulations alex and ashley 
listen to jauz’s final single release ahead of his debut lp, ‘the wise and the wicked’ 
a heat advisory remains in effect until 7 pm tuesday for clay, richland, and lawrence co, il. heat index values of around 105° will be possible monday and tuesday afternoon. #tristatewx 
i have two job interviews tomorrow and i'm battling between "what do i wear, none of my usual interview clothes seem right" anxiety and "not that it matters, they won't hire me anyway" existential dread ....ideally i will have a better attitude tomorrow but this is just venting 
i can’t wait to have someone who wants to kayak, hammock, hike, have bonfires, and stay in on weekends to cuddle and watch movies. being single is great and all but there’s no better feeling than waking up next to someone you love every day. i got my pup for now though 
sorry to hear ian hold her tight, tell her she's been the best dog ever, we owe it to them that the one who loves them unconditionally, as they loved us, is the last face, voice and touch they see, hear and feel...chook 
in a month and a half i’ve started my career and bought a brand new truck , life’s goooooooood 
i’m trying to get some bottles tonight and play uno 
what account do i keep need serious help? @ devilarmy_ @ gfxcoach @ sgrtwts @ graphicsguild 1st = renegade raider + merry marauder + nog ops + raiders revenge and 60+ skins 2nd = skull trooper + crackshot + 40 skins and reaper axe 
yeah, i rather see them in corsets, tights, and high heels. 
i asked my son what this was and he said "a cd player?" … 
i just don't want nothing thats goin to have grease on my shirt and be on the toiletbut i'm down to try something new 
in my case, none. i play a turn based strategy game. but your question is a valid one, and applies to the vast majority of gamers. just thought i’d point out a minority opinion. #amf … 
!!! sunday afternoon declutter session and it dawned on me my bing crosby christmas album is signed by the man himself. the tree is going up soon who is with me 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 9 years (since 27 aug 2009). and you? 
you and men like yourself are the problem. keep telling yourself you're a good guy. 
so i was gonna meet up with wenis last night in vegas, and then... … 
i liked a @ youtube video celebrating the life and legacy of sen. john mccain 
miminer has an excellent project with a very profitable business proposition for cryptomoedas investors and miners. #miminer #mining #cryptocurrencies #token 
$ knt token hits tradesatoshi with a solid and strong growing for investors … $ incnt $ ink $ ino $ ins $ int $ ioc $ ion $ iost $ iotx $ itc 
ivan how’d you have me laughing at “those names sound lit as fuck” and then fucking sad at the end … 
you should be proud to have such good persons running for seats or even president. and still be so generous. remarkable man. a good american, especially these times..with dishonest trump and his rotten staff. impressed norwegian. 
ate well today and still have over 1000 calories i could eat. so i ate a #sascupcake , chocolate. i think i need an insulin shot. i am about to go into a coma... 
if the us wants to constrain china in the trade arena, and regarding ip abuse, this is rank insanity. the us needs a fully functioning dsb. 
is anyone else experiencing problems with the vehicles. i buy i car or become a bus driver and i can't drive the car or the bus. i sell and buy the car again and now i can drive. it's a waste of money. please fix this. 
i have been on twitter for 9 years and 3 months (since 28 may 2009). and you? 
at that point i was working 3 jobs and going to school full time. i spent a lot of time driving/eating/studying/napping in my car! 
i hate going shopping because i know i need something and i don’t find what i need but i end up with other things i really don’t need the struggle 
tbh jesus was an anarcho pacifist and no one will ever convince me otherwise 
“how quickly things can change but with no day promises to us i rather embrace things as they come and enjoy it” 
love the @ nike commercial @ serenawilliams and of course, mr. williams... #enlighten 
did anyone else catch that tornado warning? i’m watching @ etnow canada on @ globaltv and i’m legitimately worried for people up in the barrie/orillia area. #toronto 
i’m there for all my followers brother(gust an expression for a friend) and i’m there for you 
making small talk w this girl and i asked “so where on camps is your dorm?” wtf?!?! might as well have asked where she lived who her parents are and if she likes ppl climbing in through her window smh 
go look up both of of rodgers plays where he broke his collarbone. normal football play, got tackled and a bone broke. it happens lol 
it's official: horne, gies, duncan, and porter vote for. brady, kolb, willner against. the tentative agreement passes 4-3. hearing is avoided. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 1 month, 10 days (since 18 jul 2011). and you? 
i need someone to teach me how to not immediately lose interest and leave people on seen after they have texted me back or even worse awkwardly end the "convo" and have them question my sanity. 
ummm, that's what happened when nafta was first implemented. ask the people of galesburg, il and high point, nc (just to name a few). 
what secondary snare did you use tonight for the subg intro and mi verse? it was ! loved it! 
a moment of silence for me as i keep reminding myself that dowoon is older than youngjae, bambam and yugyeom from got7. 
resident evil outbreak file 1 and 2 would be really nice too. 
water isn’t wet and if you try to convince me otherwise well u can’t 
...he has been incredible to me and never had to be - he is simply a wonderful man. i am grateful for our friendship, and know that even though amazing things have already happened - there are many more to come! thank you @ jon_anik! 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 5 months, 3 days (since 26 mar 2013). and you? 
neighbor walked outside and looked equally as perplexed as to how to act casual about me crouching in the stairwell trying to take a selfie and honestly, how is this situation barely happening to me 
i was in the shower and i needed to hurry up so i could rinse my hair 
one of my classes starts 10 minutes after the other. in the same room. and have the same professor for two different classes. also my mechanical vibrations class is 8-9:20pm. this will be a fun semester. 
- of her, both physically and mentally. 
according to cardinal cupich the important things are the environment and refugees. i am puzzled why he always refuses to address those who question him. 
wolf husky pups they are a handful to say the least nitara and simba litter … 
dinner at the house in show low az. did the show low burger- bacon "infused" patty, thick cut smoked bacon, smoked ham slice, pepper jack cheese, and chipotle aoli with house made potato chips. great atmosphere to 
this has to be a joke right? after getting caught cheating and lying, you're just pretending to be self righteous and smug to get laughs right? 
this is mentally and physically exhausting i'm 
and free, because: public. 
definitely looks important: so much of what we regard as constant in biological and medical research is not so. taking into account both natural and induced heterogeneity of biological systems is one of the most challenging as well as most important aspects of drug development. … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 2 months, 22 days (since 6 jun 2012). and you? 
props to @ danaschwartzzz for a great piece on this. she's 100% correct in her writing and i feel like a dumbass male for not spotting that c.k. never even gave his audience the chance to decide for themselves if they wanted to hear his comedy let alone be in the room w/him. … 
i just want to share my experience... never ever trade with the iq option. they are scamer. i invest to lorie gardina forex fx ... she is good, kind and lovely when she talk, but behind of all -are lies... they... … 
yeah and after that pull up at my sis party at orbit 
anyone book tour with sunwing and saw picture of 5 star room when get to your destination do not get heart attack such bring sos pads clr and lots air freshener 
after working a few 80 hour weeks, i actually got out of work before 6 pm and have spent the extra time in a depressive episode, crying. moral of this story is to always work overtime because it suppresses your emotions and keeps you on track to file your taxes at six figures. 
wasn’t max in the lead for the first 14 or 15 rounds? if max won and scheer left, he’d take with him only the cons who voted for him as 1st choice. the right is scared max would not only split the right, & lose to junior, but embarrass the cpc with a kim campbell like finish. 
“perfectionism and procrastination is what drowns grad students, and they usually go hand in hand for people attracted to grad school” 
how so? i’m genuinely interested to know and i’m sure you must have a substantive reply since what i stated was, to you, wrong on “so many levels”. 
this is breaking my heart! so much love for you @ maxjoseph and what you’ve brought to 7 seasons of @ catfishmtv you’re friendship & chemistry with @ nevschulman is just beautiful, creative and funny! i’ll miss you so much! i wish you all the best! x #catfish … 
much easier than surviving antifa, violence all over, lazy welfare dependent trash, racist blk president, government control of our lives, crooked government, disgusting nfl/nba, and people trying to overthrow our government! add zero morals and vulgar porn and language all over. 
everything about @ lushcosmetics is so magical. you would think they sponsor me with the way i promote them. every single product is way above standard and i’m seriously obsessed 
term limits and severely curtailing corporate donations i think would be a good start. 
my apartment is done and she’s a beaut 
just saw a double rainbow and about 10 deer on my way home. i felt like i was strolling through a disney movie. 
every now and then i fall 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 8 months, 2 days (since 27 dec 2012). and you? 
same shit to get numbers and illustrate some shallow shit and it irks me sometimes 
i honestly don’t think it will stay this way. give it some time for people to get the shotties out of there system. i don’t want bungie running in and changing everything without some time under there belts. 
and im like uhhh i dont know?? and she started accusing me of stealing from her and shit but both my dad and i were like maybe you lost it???! cause my dad knows i would never just take money lol all i have to do is ask 
honestly they could walk on the field in two piece bikinis and a fedora and i wouldn’t care as long as we win. #wps 
you lie all the time and don’t care if people in puerto rico continue to suffer. shame on you. blood is on your tiny hands. 
league of legends championship had more viewers than every game of the world series combined, and you can go watch it in stadium seats. 
well, tried being on ark but even with lowest graphic settings (and my graphics card up to date) the game lags so badly that movement jerks. nearly died to a dino due to lag (jetpack saved me). so... guess i’ll build on conan until i can figure out why there’s lag x.x 
great memories..that 55 chevy had big fishtails.and was a wild green color 
me when a man starts talking and he has a new orleans accent 
having said this tho: yesterday at lunch i sat next a table full of cute med students and unfortunately i'm extremely open to that 
@ mynameischapel is honestly the best. he looks out for everyone and just wants the best for people. i love him a lot and i’m so thankful for him. 
this disease just took my mother-in-laws life. she was buried on monday nearly a year after her diagnosis. the last few months were brutal. the only solace the family has is she is no longer struggling. rip senator mccain and susie. 
i brought mac n cheese to work and forgot my fork...it's gonna be a long ass shift 
it is guaranteed this loser uses the words "snowflake" and "safe spaces" as a pejorative against "the libs." … 
tears are falling out of my eyes as i watch the service for john mcccain. watching his daughter shed tears while standing there breaks my heart. i know how much i love my dad and the feeling of him not being here anymore, i can’t even imagine @ meghanmccain. sending you 
nj billboard calling president trump an ‘idiot’ sparks outrage, praise — and lots of p.r. … 
he's had 15 bouts ..bellew has had double that plus much harder opponents i mean it bellew is way more seasoned then this guy usyka is gonna get hurt bellew looks all nice and light but believe me he's a caged animal with a single determination to destroy what's in front of him 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 8 months (since 31 dec 2013). and you? 
spinning our wheels... nothing is going to become of this or any of the real collusion. we live with a two tiered system; theirs and ours. 
i know! my friend brynn went and she sent pictures. i was mad jealous. where was this when i lived there?? or all the times i visited??? 
there is life beyond earth, i don’t know why i was shown and introduced to 3 alien people but they are so far advanced than we are 
the fbi field office in little rock is diligently pursuing this matter. the doj will not comment to cnn about this as far as i read. i have a sneaky suspicion something is brewing. if state ag and doj have the evidence they need the networks will succumb. 
i meant for youtube. get a popular guy on ur team and people will watch tbh 
a question i have asked myself over and over again. … 
i know it's only preseason and roster bubble guys, but the pat's d looks like trash as usual. 
edit: i need anchors and pizza* 
who's this "we" boo? i just want equal pay, equal rights, and control over my own body. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 3 months, 11 days (since 21 may 2014). and you? 
there are a lot more cute and beautiful things out there if one doesn’t arbitrarily stick to one’s society’s... 
got another pencil for a different softness of lead and i’m bumped. you can tell which is new because the other one is deadass black with dirt on the handle 
brother i’m praying for you! you have made it through and i’m proud of you. i’m ready to listen! much love. 
and don’t forget the personals … 
progress is good brother, keep up the motivation. 16 days ago i was 212, put down my beer and went full carnivory diet. loving every minute of it! today i weighed in at 191, and feeling great. (havent started exercising yet). i cheat only with my morning coffee. 
thank godddd i’m okay i’m lowkey just mad that i filled up my tank yesterday and now my car a total loss 
keith and wayne gretzky. randy “macho man” savage and leaping lanny poffo. mark and marty howe, who both played pro hockey with their dad, gordie howe. 
#vidconauasksaftyler can you see me next i the isle 10th row back ?? i’ll wave when u read this also love you and your vids 
and if not for him, her life, her childrens life would have not been destroyed by the media then he blames her for him losing! the nerve! 
'we are in bizarro-land': cnn panel says it's very possible trump leaked his own comments and whined about it … 
in observance of labor day, torklift central will be closed sept. 1-3, and reopen sept. 4th. but don't miss out on our great labor day deals, which you can see here: 
i gave nymag from the left and the hill from the right. what more do you want? your pew study is a year old! not current! it doesn't discuss medicare for all! it asks who people think is responsible for coverage! nothing related! why do you keep at this? are you human? 
what if i said "women are emotional"? that's absolutely sexist, and i could respond to criticism by saying "i didn't mean all women, only some of them." but the damage is done. 
transphobic? meaning fear of trans people? i’m sure as hell not scared of a trans person. the word transphobic is being over used. like everyone has a stereotype and prejudice, transgenders should expect to be group along with everyone and get made fun of once in a while. 
monster jam, triple threat series is coming to the sap center this weekend friday, august 31, 2018 to sunday, august 2, 2018. don't forget to get your tickets. your kids will thank you and you may even end up enjoying the show yourself. 
because he is the truth said he is so real and i love the way that he makes me feel and if i am a reflection of him then i must be fly because his light it shines so bright i wouldn’t lie 
the media made kkkrooked trump by encouraging this leper when he made untrue and offensive statements. the freak got free publicity during his campaign. the antidote is not to cover his rallies or report his stupid words. just challenge his daily lies-daily. 
all of europe is screwed. and liberals want to make sure the united states is next 
i’m not on your level, but i find myself feeling like that at times. i counter those thoughts by realizing that every day is an opportunity to learn and improve myself. 
and how much $$$ per day per immigrant they’ve jailed are they making? horrific crime against humanity, against immigrants! … 
@ bandainamcous 1 hour and 23 minutes in this matchmaking.... 
well they shouldnt. just come up with the minimum standards necessary for safety and let whoever meets them join. 
@ yahoofantasycc hey my chat abruptly stopped working in my league app on iphone. it just says "trying to connect" ive cleared browser data and unistalled/reinstalled the app and still nothing...please help! draft is soon! 
false creek-fairview 19.6°c falling slowly • dry and comfortable with a light breeze • last rain 29-aug-18 1:18:36 pm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
my lad went to malaga today for a few nights. sent me this photo of a mural opposite his apartment. just beautiful and moving. 
come in the room and i’m giving commands, i am the captain & he tha lieutenant. 
i complaining to a former boss about this very subject and she said some people actually make whole ass careers out of being executive assistants and that it can be a very lucrative gig?? 
all most time and the starter will be..... 
yoonminseok really out here tryna fight everyone and everything … 
i love michael’s short stories so everything you need would be my recomendation and, of course, hannah green. 
much those many years ago, when mighty bevo was chased from cardinal stadium in defeat, the trunk of the bama elephant senses defeat and us already deflated. 
not really created because the flood are the precursors themselves, basically to survive through the forerunner war the precursors ground themselves to a fine dust to resurrect later but due to time passing by the dust corrupted and well the flood was born 
it’s a freestyle time machine! (@ford amphitheater at coney island boardwalk - @ fordampconey for nayobe, brenda k. starr, tka, soave and 8 more in brooklyn, ny, us, ny) 
nope! god the father, god the son and god the holy spirit. … 
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 388 #paradiseisland2 
sadly i won’t be able to make it to madfest due to funds and taking leave off work, i’m devastated 
maybe sign with mexico now while there’s a lame duck president and add canada whenever they’re ready to seriously negotiate. would need to rename the bill to be trilateral. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 8 months, 13 days (since 20 dec 2012). and you? 
an sapd k-9 police dog helped to find firearms, ammo and body armor at a felon’s house on saturday night 
if you walked around in a t-shirt and underwear all day, you might have had a good day. 
bullshit ! they could not sustain long hauls and heavey loads as petrol or diesel do ! recharging times are too slow and battery changeover prices too high! stick to your horse mate? 
your heart is flooded with leaking dreams and hopes and desires and loves and joys and memories that have been daggered, pierced and crucified — martyred for the religion of self. - @ … 
this was the opposite the other day and angela had more because she was the like option lol no one wants to retweet random crap 
i’m broke and love food so wasssuppp … 
very sad. thoughts and prayers to family and friends. 
and i really wanna suprise him with one. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 18 days (since 14 jan 2013). and you? 
what!!!!!! there's going to be so!!! many ppl sat in front of their telly #cussing #hissing and #booing at #roxanne there's no coming back from what she's done. can't lie i'm actually intrigued with what bullshit lies, she's gonna spew out of her … 
why was this tweet deleted? and who deleted it??? 
it blows my mind how he single-handedly wrote and composed each one of his songs, i mean, when will your fave?.. i’d die to have 1% of his talent. p.s. if it takes you less than a year to learn to play “scenes from an italian restaurant” congrats your piano skills are next level 
why my coworker walking around on the phone while working and it’s a flip phone so she holding it to her ear with her shoulder 
hadn't realized so many parks. and we all are awesome, yeah. 
playing some @ atlasreactor after i have not touched it in like a year, it's such a good game and more people should be playing it. 
i been trying a lot harder at cooking and now some of my stuff is even edible :) :) :) 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 27 days (since 7 aug 2013). and you? 
z-mann flying high in louisville. took a 1st, 2nd, and 6th back home with him to georgia. … 
amazing trip to chile for @ conceptosuc. so inspired by the work of everyone i met there. such passion about providing better access to and better standards of care for their fellow chileans. reminds me how lucky we are here in canada and how we must work to protect what we have! 
school starts tomorrow and it's giving me anxiety 
we were all like “brigid what the fuck are you doing here” and then like “yesss go you” … 
@ bostonglobe i'm a loyal subscriber to your home delivery and online edition, so why am i bombarded with super spammy pop-up ads on your site when i'm trying to read the sports page?? 
the android's eyes seem to color like the luminescence of the bouquet as he took them. "these are... incredibly beautiful." and he didn't even know these flowers existed. "thank you - did you grow these yourself?" 
i actually planned on cancelling red thread au before and im glad i didnt! 
karla pretended to be a confused tourist and asked kristen for help. while she did this, paul grabbed kristen and held a knife to her throat. kristen left behind her shoe and a ripped portion of the map which helped police see it was an abduction. 
i’m both, it all depends to who is around and watching … 
our first openly pro-crime president, is mad at attorney general jeff sessions simply because two republican congressmen were recently indicted for corruption. and it's a just a coincidence that they were also the first two congressmen to endorse trump. … 
once again you are falsely labeling a responsibility a right and a term of ownership. it wasn't. under coverture, a woman who committed a crime faced no punishment, but were she abandoned by her husband she could legally demand he continue to support her. 
@ msnbc saw a tweet from katie hill, president obama's communication director. "reject the rising strain of authoritarian politics and policies" i am confused, shredding our constitution, orchestrating a coup to get hrc elected president is he the rising strain? 
i made my best buddy the birthday cake of his dreams and he loved it. 
i do worry about "normalising". having read a fair bit about pre nazi germany recently, what seems preposterous gradually becomes reasonable - but the press was censored. we are not, and this era a big test for journalism, which is why trump's attacks on media so dangerous. 
this is a really old photo of her. she was a shepherding collie-mixed mutt, and i loved her dearly. her name was ami, named after sailor mercury, of whom i was a great fan as a child. she came into my life just before my father died of cancer, and died shortly after i came out 
oh yeah so in the civil war when the north fought the south and abolished slavery , “white people never fought for african american rights” 
lesson i’ve learned is that no one wants to see you succeed. no matter how much talk of “let’s work together” no one ever pulls through with their promise and just “talks” everyone should learn to work by themselves and let everyone see your success. 
trump's singapore strategy may have been brilliant. can trump and kim do more? like launch global nuclear disarmament talks? … 
and the stock dives! 
i think she is curious about technology and trying to figure it out on her own 
i'm a scorpio, texan, cherokee. i don't even know what back down means. i'm gonna be like the old granny on smokey and the bandit sittin on my porch with a rifle on standby mother fuckin everyone that goes by that's how far ive been pushed 
just gonna put this out here. block this creep @pikkunovaios is a troll with 175 followers and not in u s. block him because he's trolling people posting missing children tweets. 
all these people burning nike, not realizing kap been on that payroll since 2012. all of a sudden you don’t like nike gtfoh, instead of boycotting how about you go vilubteer at your local vfw and actually do something your “soooo against” funny none of us “vets” are mad 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 1 month, 18 days (since 18 jul 2011). and you? 
death it may have been him staying alive and staying with the woman but it’s open to interpretation i guess 
so i thank you thank you thank you and i love you love you love you 니가 보내준 사랑 때문에 내가 여기 서있어 이렇게 #2pmforever #2pm10thanniversary #10yearswith2pm #2pm 
i'm not retweeting the "burning @ nike sneakers" thing because it can look like support for it. but i think burning sneakers look hot, colin kaepernick is a hero and i'll be buying nike forever. 
congratulations, you made the cut for the most idiotic statement of the day. you been conned by your media to believe in something that's completely false and made up. … 
evacuee he didn’t know who he was, and strangers should not be allowed to do that. 
i know and they seem like regular resistance until something like this comes up, oh and @ ahamiltonspirit just posted 
i hear ya. i called my mom today and cursed up my most wretched storm ever about kavanaugh. this farce of a hearing is not only infuriating, but terrifying. we’ve been depending on a non corrupt judicial branch to check the other 2 branches that are thoroughly corrupted 
when you burn your sneakers, you’re just showing us what you believe in and what you don’t. on that note, thank you! #justdoit #colinkaepernick #ikneelwithkaep 
oh no! please dm us the restaurant location and your phone #so we can make this right. 
a year on and this is still a fantastic and relevant tweet … 
ko and natalya will be funny but so bad in ring 
i like intellectual people . learning from others and sharing wisdom and ideas. 
it's mike pence, my dude. he has every reason to get you out of the picture and nobody else on planet earth uses the word "lodestar" 
i start college tomorrow, technically today cos its pat 12... and guess what i did tonight? you might say, 'you chilled and relaxed and prepared and rested'... but you'd be wrong, i went to a deadly gig and now all i can hear is ringing in my ears. 
from greatest hits to anything with a bit of twang, my family loves #country tunes with @ genmillscereal! tweet below and they’ll share how you can save on your next concert ticket. 
here’s the thing about real friends, you may not see them all the time, but they’ll always be there during your time of need and you don’t even have to question their loyalty cause you know you can trust them. i love you @ victoria_agape thank you for being my real friend 
#failingfoxnews and #winningnyt 
i tried to make a tatt apt and since i’m only available on weekends... 10/9 is the closest one 
you really think snd act like a dictator donald. why not go all in and dress like one? of course you would probably think this was the appropriate attire #dictator 
prayers to you and you mom 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 2 months, 15 days (since 22 jun 2014). and you? 
i struggled leaving zenon and smart house off the list, but it said movies you would recommend to get to know you better. sooooo.. 
everyday we need to set a goal for the day (reflecting the night before helps) and have “check points” throughout the day to see if you are accomplishing what you set! … 
pink and blue and halloween 
live @ dayumdewayne on @ younow - everyone please come and show love 
i'm sorry that our stream and podcast schedule has gotten a little strange lately. i got a new job. there's hot summer nonsense. we've had out of town guests. all of my tooth stuff & it's not done yet either. my mental health has not been great. just blah! 
i thought i was killing it and was killing my damn self 
a lot of folks working two jobs for the last 8 years who don't make anywhere near what teachers make, and who didn't get a raise in 8 years. cry me a river 
i haven’t let myself love a tv couple since they did us so dirty with chuck and sarah i’m too scared 
officially sold out of all large, xlarge and xxlarge sizes. only have smalls and mediums left and a handful. so if you wanna cop a tshirt and youre a small or medium remember (sololovesyou) at checkout for 20% off. words cannot describe how blessed i am 
omg it’s behemoth from the master and margarita! … 
you need one of these and a bottle 
decided that i’m keep my 500 million ps4, and when i have spare cash. hunt down a 20th anniversary ps4. 
the same youtube that allowed the paul brothers and their antics. i closely monitor what my kids are looking at on youtube 
you have to like wendy from red velvet and then twitter unlocks it for you 
she's very good. she comes from a family of good competitors, and knowing who she is always compared to, i'd have a chip on my shoulder too. there's the good then there's the bad that comes with it 
how is it even possible there’s an artist who’s “multi-platinum” and playing songs on national tv before the nfl season starts and i’ve never heard of the guy? 
so, imprisoned without due process? reprehensible and so unamerican 
we all take risk and hope for the best. 
they sounchecked run i need u and anapanmab 
fuck i didn’t realize it until i got on and finally played it again 
like either say fuck your party and be a left hero by voting against even though he’ll still pass, or say fuck the maine voters i think abortion is murder. i honestly think she’s just a coward of a person, wants to minimize confrontation. 
@ micheleoneilau reminding us this morning that #dignity is essential both at work and at home #tasuwc18 #changetherules 
you didn't even @him and he still found it. congrats … 
mercury is in virgo from 9/5/18 - 9/21/18. more critical thinking & speaking. a focus on health & appreciation for the human anatomy. teachable moments. and here come the grammar police with their “well actually”’s 
now that i have a kid, facetime may be the thing keeping me in the ecosystem. airpods work ok on other platforms - pairing bt isn’t all that challenging. i just unloaded my apple watch … and may not replace, we’ll see. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 6 months, 26 days (since 10 feb 2012). and you? 
hello! unfortunately, after our curse of strahd campaign, we will stop posting our sessions online. doing a podcast is hard. we hope you all can understand and continue to follow our players in their future endeavors! one more episode left! 
a great time w bryan & sean today. back on @ gemshoppinglive tomorrow morning 9am-2pm. it’s friday’s w ben as i will be joined by the one and only ben koh w his “cut by ben” gemstones & jewelry designs. 
for all the turmoil with trump, the real problem has always been the willingness of republicans to refuse to adhere to rules and laws and also to reign in trumps behavior. that’s why we are in the crisis. 
when 7 billion people conspire against you and look exactly like you but you're the weirdo 
i saw some shit today that made me want to @her and politely ask her if i could be her stylist.... because i'm not here for these early 2000 bangle bracelets and unnecessary accessories like who's responsible? i have a few words. 
im really about to move back to ventura and have my same job with better pay and my mom is selling me her beamer. how lucky am i 
transphobes are fuckin annoying. i hope yall get poison ivy in yo ass crack and then your hands get glued to a wasp nest. fuck you. 
tears in my eyes listening to this. he helped me get through some things i thought i never could and he couldn’t get through them himself. shits heartbreaking. … 
or do - but with the prerequisite that you’re open to having your mind changed by both scientific research and lived experiences and don’t wall off a part of your brain after the thought, “it’s a choice”. … 
:) i welcome whatever insight and information he offers to purge the church, but i understand how you feel. i reject his benedict option on the same grounds. he ditched the church already, which nullifies his argument. 
i love you @ annemarie i just wish you knew who i was and had the opportunity to meet you 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 23 days (since 14 jan 2013). and you? 
we need this energy in chicago to curb gang violence and killings. we need your help. 
and look who’s super fragile today … 
makes me very happy to know that we are supporting our troops & veterans better and better. keep it up! signed: proud paying tax payer (in fact, tax me more for them only, please!) #redshirtfriday #gotredon #ido 
how many other wireless network are in the neighbouring area and does changing the wireless channel in modem settings improve this? additionally, are you able to check what the reported connection speed in the modem settings is? - t 
i said i was only doing 2 fantasy football leagues this year and i’m in 4 
bob marley and billy idol - "with a rebel yell, she cried, 'don't give u... via @ youtube 
@ atiku i heard you were crying after getting your presidential ticket. go to agbara in badagry and live there for one week and you will see more reasons to cry. better for you to cry for yourself sir and not nigeria. 
i was actually thinking this and was about to tweet something similar on my second account what the heck 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 8 months, 27 days (since 12 dec 2011). and you? 
#canada: obama takes aim at trump and op-ed fallout continues | power & politics 
yes please! scores, who scored, what the pay was, what time the play was and if you could write up the agate and a graph for me that would be great! thanks. 
brooke and i are gonna be together for 2 weeks during christmas break beatingmy meat 
how do i retrieve an old twitter account that has been deleted? i thought if i remembered the login and password it would reactivate. 
@ usta you blew it at the open, jimmy connors used to say the f word and not lose even a point, serena got screwed and your umpire took her chance away, i hope he gets ban 
hope you and the fam are good 
very insightful website i came across today. looking forward to see more articles about issues and research topics on minority oppression and ongoing #uyghur cultural genocide. thank you @ dtbyler … via @ centralasiaprog 
no one talks about how emotionally draining a career in a creative field is. some people love your work, while others don't. the negative voices seem to be the loudest and create so much self doubt. you constantly wonder if you're good enough. 
the only reason why socialism seems and it is deemed as a failure is that the world population is used to one system capitalism when this system retracts all that is new fails. 
i mean, i want to believe but isaac's from a dead franchise and elma isn't really relevant right now so... 
does anyone else remember 2012 instagram where people would post ‘0 second ninja’ and keep track of how fast someone would like their pictures and stuff? or is it just me? 
i think they are suggesting that competent implies "enough" but its hardly objectionable. also if someone's going to use a "wtf" and "smh" (without using "." ) then maybe don't play twitter syntax police 
bonkers statement. god can tell people killing is wrong, which i might add was surely not news when it was put into the 10 commandments lol, but can’t say slavery is wrong and rape is wrong? get out of here. you look ridiculous contorting and jumping through all those hoops 
dear @ hooters why are your wings getting smaller and smaller? 
two cats. my thoughts and players, love 
so excited to get this pc and dive straight into the world of pc gaming and get fucking rekt by pros :) 
i liked a @ youtube video brother and sister eat treats from croatia thank you matej 
funny i live in california and i don’t know anyone that voted for obama. in fact people were hiding obama calendars in the stores at the mall. 
the referee didn't steal the game from her. he made a bad call (which she reacted very badly to and let it put her off her game even more) but she was beaten by the better player who was already on top when the incident occurred. 
pardon me, i didn't show the internet the new me, who's he? the kid went from loose leaf to news feed. bruised chins and bruised beaks to 6 checks every 2… … 
imagine being a staff on a college football team and your job is to grab a coach by the waist, then pull him towards your crotch to prevent sideline interference. #collegegameday #clemvstamu 
someone come over early and just watch movies with me all day 
#bigdata will transform the way #hr operates. most prominently, a scientific evidence-based approach for decision-making, backed by data analysis, algorithms and ai. 
the cpc left the conservative movement a long time ago. maybe it's time to look beyond single election cycles and focus on ideas and principles rather than team sports. 
@ jeff_mans not a bad start for the first week of the season. both lineups were from your dfs subscription package. another weekend and its paid for itself as usual. thanks again for the great support. 
the white supremacist backlash against nike is fucking scary. they clearly read kaepernick's role with nike as an escalation, as a deliberate attack on white people specifically, and as dumb as this destruction of their own property seems it's an obvious threat of violence. 
thank you to all of our sponsors, volunteers, and all who came out to support our 2018 cornell chicken bbq! 
i appreciate that, but unfortunately i am old enough to remember. i was a huge mcenroe fan, hated connors. i'm a big serena fan too. there's no double standard here though. mcenroe was crushed in the media for his ranting and got plenty of bad calls and penalties. 
i saw this and thought it was cute!!! paparazzi for fur babies!! wrap bracelets!!! … 
there all gone tho and inputed them from bottom to top with the first 20seconds of your tweet ! you good 1 tmart 
while watching #yugioh on netflix, @ leiascyr and i keep noticing soooooo many plot holes 
come follow me and you'll see a world of pure imagination #follow4follow 
#roshhashana is here! may this new year bring us all happiness, peace, health, love for our fellow men & beautiful home planet and all the creatures we share it with. happy & sweet new year to all! shana tova! 
it's a shame because ben gives good center left perspective. i'm glad he'll keep posting. i thought his retweet on kavanaugh and why saying he perjured himself was a smear was well worth the read. 
random rainbow at sunset and it didn’t even rain today. i didn’t do anything super gay today either so this is a real mystery. 
i know, i know... that's he's the coach, and i'm the fan. it was apparent way too quickly for me. on to san diego... 
do you ever just look back at old pics and think how so much shits changed in a little bit of time it’s crazy 
deathstar after this first one was destroyed, but no we need constant realism in a movie we are supposed to escape to. i believe the third issue in this movie would be the "cartoony" villains in this movie such as dr. wu, ken wheatley, and eli mills. are they kind of one 
a cvs receipt length thread of all the times male and white female tennis players have acted out in the ways serena williams did and did not receive any penalty or lose any points. yes, that receipt pun was intended. … 
the only thing you get from burger king is cold food and diarrhea!!! 
what kinda shampoo and conditioner you use for that bounce? 
my condolences to you and yours! i hope you get through this tough time soon. blessings to you! 
who the heck is jojo siwa and why is she relevant? 
burrow into the ground and eventually pop up next to them #unlikelywaystofindsomeone 
@ rainbow6game i haven’t played a game today where i didn’t get teamkilled, i’m not having fun, plus joining games late and getting kicked for literally no reason. i feel like you should get 100 renown everytime u get teamkilled, or even 50 renown 
i love u and i know you are genuine in all aspects and i’ll fight everyone to preserve your honor 
welcome to tokyo! - phineas and ferb - summer belongs to you: 
actually, there is a difference in saying that god's word is infallible. it bears truth, is not diminished. however, based on modern biblical scholarship concerning the text itself, there are variants, omissions, and substitutions. the text is not inerrant. 
snjskjnns i started talking to this guy at work who seemed nice i went to add him on facebook and straight girls be wildin 
watching football at a bar and i forgot how tough and good at football fans at bars are 
remember when the youtube trending page was more than james corden singing in a car and beauty gurus letting their cats pick their eyeshadow yeah me too 
hoops is opening up for the four fists album release show y’alll ! run and get your tix ! mother fuckinn skrrrt 
ok, the fact that aunt may tells peter to just sleep on her office couch and didn’t tell him he could stay at her apartment is the most ridiculous part of this game 
nouveauté: the african development bank and mcb group launch the african domestic bond fund … 
*logs into twitter after a whole weekend* lexus is entering the yacht market, take a look! *writes this tweet, logs off and cries about current income* 
9:5 when the sacred months are over slay the idolaters wherever you find them. arrest them, besiege them, and lie in ambush everywhere for them. if they repent and take to prayer and render the alms levy, allow them to go their way. god is forgiving and merciful. 
today on fox 7 austin we talked about the anonymous ny times op-ed, and trump’s standing to take legal action (hint: he doesn’t have any). … 
until the clarity of this article (and its definition of social justice) is made central to this discussion, no advances will be made. i challenge you to read and consider carefully: … 
hey can you explain to me why you hate lindsay? i get there’s the whole nyberg thing and that sounds pretty shitty, but is there more reasons? (i’m not trying to roast you i’m genuinely curious) 
i’m boutta drop some crazy shit nobody ever done lmao. and idec 
top 6 reasons why i switched—lularoe to agnes and dora: via @ youtube 
lovely and proud mom #betofortexas 
emily texted me and just said "wanna get coldstone with me?" ... i think i'm in love. 
i’d like to think support to and from the troops is above politics. they don’t choose the fight, politicians do. 
the word “valid” is tossed around so much that it has ceased to have any meaning for me tbh. like when you misspell a word and try too many times and just give up bc it no longer even looks like an alphabet you recognize 
every three months, a salesperson from the pharmacy near my town comes to change the medicine and add refills to the medicine box in my house. 
i’d start with tos. it’s the one that’s truest to roddenberry’s vision, which was about modeling a society without war, poverty and racism. also, although it can feel dated and corny, the storytelling is remarkably economical and seems weightless compared to the others. 
when you can't see the point someone is trying to make and insult them 
watching sierra burgess is a loser and idgi... am i supposed to feel bad for sierra after she was a flat out catfish and kissed jamie without his consent like girl that’s weird 
i wana draw and listen to asks for album art today ~/~ 
and now, we got this 
are all these cracked and un even sidewalks an accident waiting to happen? what about the lack of bike lanes, that an accident waiting to happen? 
ask kerry about his stepsons china business dealings with hunter biden and devon archer at the same time he was negotiating foreign policy with china as described in peter schweitzer’s book??? 
“hi guys i’m a popeye and i like it” … 
strawberry cinnamon bread is always a hit for dessert or as a tea time treat - soft, moist and so fr … 
every one of them has already been bought and paid for and will vote kavanaugh through, yes even the supposed democrats on the list. 
please love a fat boy with moobs and belly — this is so strange lol … 
that is definitely part of the puzzle from my perspective? because let's be honest there is a lot of shitty fanfic and shitty m/m out there! but the way i got through that problem to build my core reading list was through hand-to-hand recs. + 
this is what i’m working for , and i’m going to get it … 
she’s the sweetest!! she’s in my sisters backyard playing with my son and nephew and she’s loving every minute of it!! 
this girl that’s paler than me stood in front of the class on the first day during an icebreaker said her interesting fact is that she’s “racially ambiguous.” irish and german don’t count sis 
different levels of nutty in the whole family and will defend each other. 
and guess who hurt herself because she is too happy … 
idiotrexus calls joshua his pincushion brother lol why so mean? jk lol. his story is sad...but, also inspiring. he is one of your best characters! i relate to how he feels and it touches my heart. amazing work! 
at work and my boss grabbed me a pint so id lose my attitude 
favorite quote.... resilience “points to teenagers’ lack of resilience—the ability to face and overcome challenges. the issue is that ‘we’re not allowing our kids to make mistakes and learn from them...’” it’s hard to do .... but so necessary … 
elgabry will cover the day-to-day management and strategy for the motors division with a focusing on growing the platform's traffic, profit, and user engagement. 
why are you not stepping down and leave 
i know but my aunt looks like shit and she's 37 … 
me and my brothers getting a brand new nes with super mario bros and duck hunt. our parents let our grandparents buy it for us, 'twas a pretty special memory. 
jk read my poster and smirked at me. boy... if u dont 
thank you in advance for your service and for what you do. 
just tagging and following! 
someone came into longhorn one time with a sash on that said “just divorced” with a party of 20 and a cake to celebrate it … 
me too how is he good at everything, i fell in love when i first saw him in shoot me and now i love all their songs hbu 
#trump #maga | @ seanhannity .. we are following two major stories out of washington… former fbi lawyer lisa page interned 'under clinton' and senator dianne feinstein made a last-minute attempt to derail the confirmation of judge kavanaugh | 
right now the best thing is to pound the president to keep the numbers low and tell him to reform the program. in the long run, read my blog so that you are armed for local opposition. type your state in my search window to learn more. … 
wantex/wenter®tangerang (@wantexsolution) | instagram photos and videos … #instagramposts 
jv and varsity volleyball beat zanesville! #coshoctonpride 
that was ugggggllyyyy. gg, @ redrhinoscoc and good luck in hi-lite this season! 
...by giving $440 million of it to a dodgy, business-run "barrier reef foundation' with no tender and no process? for paying $9 million a month for a non-functioning shipping container clinic on nauru? 
i’m flying into taipei, which is missing a supertyphoon by a few hundred miles, this weekend, and i’m psyched for the weather. this is accurate, is what i’m saying. 
y'all believe the bruise i managed to give myself while i was drunk on saturday it's the size of a large apple and i am actually a danger unto myself 
he’s named actually devanand sharma and he’s of indian heritage so not completely white. 
i lived at the lafayette last year and i’m happy to say that i don’t anymore. rent was too steep to deal with tidal flooding twice a month. … 
you know what just seals the deal for my annoyance with denny? when he comes back but izzie tells him to leave and he damn near eats her chin off when they’re kissing. 
pachelbels music was influenced by southern german composers, such as johann jakob froberger and joh 
literally between buses it was 23 minutes. on a very busy and popular route . 
gorgeous! and those tits are killer! 
why does harry maguire's instagram recent look like the face you make when you walk in the door and your mam asks you to do something ?? 
the #pm360trailblazer medical device company of the year gold award winner is @ orthoclinicaldx and silver winner is @ depuysynthes these meddevice innovators know how to give back to their communities, employees, and patients. congrats! 
#manmarziyaan getting very good reviews specially for #tapsee and @ vickykaushal09 's performances. abhishek again doesnt make any difference in the frame! damn 
we all know that many puerto ricans moved to florida this past year. these are voters. they get to vote in the u.s. in puerto rico, they cannot vote for any candidates to a federal position of any kind. that is why desantis and scott are catering to them. sad. 
then why are you pretending to be something your not???you are a phony and all your lies won't change that! 
i tweeted something to some tech savvy people who are resourceful also but they really don't bother to reply. so why and what do you ask us to tweet when you people don't care to reply 
paranoia about the "death of print" has become a self-fulfilling prophecy where anxious editors and writers have abandoned any pretext of sound judgement in favor of mainlining rat poison cut with drain cleaner in clickbait form. 
haha babe, it supposed to look like that. and thank you baby, you fiiinnnnneeeee too 
i was fortunate enough to have an amazing 50 something boss in my early 20’s who taught me the value of older friends and mentors. she knew what it meant to truly pay your dues, and tried to makes things easier for those who came after. 
powerful and confronting speech by @ karniliddell #wimconf18 #powerofmums @ wim_aus @ bonduniversity 
what we got is ok but i wanna build wit you and make sum you won’t forget 
hey rachel- i have many qs when i clicked on your profile... 5% are about adobe analytics and 95% are about barack obama following you 
in chino hills and all they did was give me 2$ back lol 
my baby fever has been on full force today and this really is not helping at all 
when daddy cooks for everyone mommy’s croatian native food ... after months of pressure and hard work ... tonight i’m going to eat ... ... with my 3 boys .... unplug form work… … 
now playing: polka dots and moonbeams by frank sinatra at 19:59:59 on jazz90.1 @ 901jazz listen online at 
when you have no internet and dont know anyone so you have nobody to hangout with on the weekends, but you still dont do any extra school work 
never been a big fan of em at all but this whole month has been weird for rap fans regarding him, the album was okay but people act like its trash on here like okay means something's bad and then killshot was alright too. people's standards are too high or they're just tryna hate 
some people are disgusting to threaten a kid. the world today is worse than way out of hand. i pray for your safety and i hope you reported this to the authorities. 
my mother is the purest person i know. it amazes me how much she can go through and still be so thoughtful. i love that woman! 
hi just wanna tell you all that i'll probably be inactive today due to the heavy rains and no electricty (im using my data to go online) :( please pray for the philippines as we face a strong storm for the next couple of hours. please stay safe my fellow ph moots :> 
flash flood emergency for carteret co in e #northcarolina...* until 900 am edt saturday unprecedented rainfall nearing two feet across carteret co has resulted in widespread flooding of homes, businesses, and roads. 
it would be really nice to get an updated response to this in particular: … "summon a ______ to help you" on a piece of azurite gear is a wonderfully vague and infuriating description for something that may be a good dps upgrade (or may not?) 
i just had to sit down and look through my photos one more time before tomorrow. i poured a makers mark and turned on van halen "1984" on vinyl. oh, brandon and tanner, van halen is a rock band from the 80's and vinyl means i'm listening to the record. ;) j/k 
gonna try and do last minute shopping and then i'll get setup so stay tuned ~ 
i wonder if flapjack and captain k'knuckles ever made it to candy island 
y’all ever sat and listened to a dude talk to you about something he loves/care about? mannnn … 
you should try and see katyperryrares, he’s on instagram 
it's missing a verb and simply notes that the plaintiff or prosecutor in any civil or criminal action brought by the federal government gets to call itself "the united states." … 
the 'kroger and kroger show' needs to end also.... … 
jeon jeongguk is so talented he can draw a perfect circle and i cant even draw a horse 
ugh i want to go to sleep but i just know for a fact that grayson is going to tweet soon and i really fucking miss that guy 
i'm sure most browns fans ask that every single day, and yet nothing changes. 
i’m so obsessing over louis being an x factor judge like that’s the show he started from and also !!!! he’s so good at it the feedback he provides is so helpful he’s definitely a great judge 
i'm a big fan of ron so i guess i can't get over how he was kind of a moody, scaredy-cat throughout instead of his big brave moment. he can be a teen boy for sure but he was better than the movie made him so. fun to discuss the different perspectives though and omg that punch!! 
marxist supremacists want to take away our heritage, our memory, our history and our language, they often try to say celts date to 1,500 bc. when the celtic language has up to 7.5 lexeme exchange distances, 1 lexeme exchange per 1,350 years on average. 
i was so embarrassed at the bank yesterday. the lady asked for my ssn and i forgot it. i paused for like 5 seconds trying to think of it then asked her to repeat what she said like i didn't hear her the first time 
instead of replying like a headless chicken, actually explain why it's good for the platforms. i can assure you it will miserably fail and add less competition between the companies and lose customers later on. 
so proud, astonished, grateful and blessed that i’m still awake. 
you guys slay! but changing the subject,thank you so much,me and three more friends get the best grade of our class on the phisic’s project with a little help coming by bts. the pictures can reveal the little help. 사랑해 @ bts_twt @ cometa201 @ 
what is up everyone? please remember to keep all the people affected by the forest fires, hurricanes, and natural disasters in your thoughts. 
i asked michael if i could suck his dick tonight and he was not having it 
>eradicating hiv and malaria in the middle of africa good bloody luck 
13. who is america? this show was hilarious but also opened my eyes to how dumb trump supporters and politicians really are. 
the only #knicks fans spouting that jimmy butler nonsense are mets and jets fans also. i know loser shit when i see it. no thank you l, jimmy butler on the knicks is some old yoenis cespedes ass move if there ever was one. 
i see...good point. i don't believe it's immaterial whether true or false. i also don't believe letting this woman testify to the committee would delay the vote...let all the facts come out and be looked out...let her have her say. good evening :) 
... and not just the media? tune in tonight. @ norahodonnell … 
zombies? but it's not even friday! @tempestadera and i are back on with chris and piers! come watch the silliness and wrestling moves. #twitch #streaming #twitchstreamer #gamer… … 
i than went and got some more stuff for ke'mairi hair 
take time to love yourself and realize how amazing you are! 
ne: uncommitted rhp/inf trey frahm (elkhorn, 2020) comes in out of the pen and induces a double play to close out the underclass #pbrfallchampionship. fb sat 89 
"marge, we are not buying a timeshare week and that is final." 
i can see her responses in the dm group, and i could have sworn i’ve see her responses before. 
he lets his tongue slides in as one of his hand slowly slides down to her neck, softly pressing on it while kissing her. if she was anything like her father, he knew exactly how to handle her. he pressed closer to her, and she could feel his erection through his pants. 
they were decent last year. i have the jags and kc going to the afc game 
bruh me and my sister just sung the shit outta this i'm screeching sksksksk … 
here are my thoughts. i hope this will help explain what i as an i-army felt about what happened and how i saw things unfolded. which i hope will not happen again. i hope k-armys would know i-armys are here for the boys too. 
i'm pc and ps. i don't play ow (or multiplayer games), though. haha. 
the stands are empty and then they are suddenly filled..? 
im watching the shape of water and honestly no hate but what the fuck 
now diabolical you can't get online and say holy stuff you will be forbidden by freedom of speech? do you know what damage that does to crucial thinking.... to suggest to god to give you bad so you can be alright in grace 
sooner or later i'm gna watch alvin and the chipmunks: road chip 
those two definitely could i agree and even last year tom threw for 500 and lost. one strip sack away from possibly driving down and doing what he does best which is win super bowls. it goes both ways though - tom is also a helmet catch away from winning another ring as well 
it's really not a leadership job, it's an oversight job. he's more like the general manager and he makes sure they do the job they were elected to do. people seem to feel it's the president's job to make policy, it's his job to make sure the policies are followed. 
oh, how my heart yearns for vengeance against the cruel god who hath created me, also come to the hannaford deli and try our new nashville buffalo chicken for only 8.99 a pound 
obviously, we don’t get very far as the pull of the past and existing mindsets are challenged and evaluated. true innovation, however, generates a lack of understanding of, and focus on, the things that are unique from any other type of “good learning”? 
reminder: tomorrow (9/18/18) is an early release day for elementary and upper schools. 
dinner tonight, chicken, shrimp and sausage gumbo with rice. #gumbo @bayside, new york … 
there's also a little park with a waterfall or some kinda falls and it's so peaceful 
when someone else, overcome with the quality and sensual pleasure of your cooking, volunteers to do the dishes. … 
tears come streaming down your face, when you lose something you cannot replace, oh and tears come streaming down your face and i will try to fix you.. 
what does under oath mean for kavanaugh??? he has committed perjury 5 times already!!! how is anyone in america suppose to believe him! and besides look at how he feels about your alaska!!! don’t let the women of america down!!! 
same except for today for the first time ever. ate a bowl of fruit and fibre for dinner then put on a clay mask so that i couldn’t eat anything else 
he responds in order to feed it. i.e. markeiting yourself and your product on social media. 
just starting out and having tons of fun. thanks for any support. 
how about we, the taxpayers, roll back their pay and give our hardworking, lives on the line to protect us veterans the pay they deserve. we're paying many in congress who just cause chaos and havoc instead of working on behalf of americans. i'm sick of non-produtives in congress … 
i love my home airport, #rno - easy peasy and always with a smile! – bei reno-tahoe international airport (rno) 
@ erikawachter have to love the red and black outfit. #jerseydevils 
the limited edition vespa yacht club primavera 150 has finally made it to scooter central! after hours of studying photos and speculating over what it looks like we can give our official review - it's... … 
fantasia’s younger brother 'making leaps and bounds' following near-fatal car accident [video] … via @ eurweb 
like theyre all so pretty and do their make up and im here like welp guess ingotta try instead of just showing up with mascara on 
stop spreading fake news and creating fake photos and people will treat you with some respect once more. also stop being such babies about being criticized. man up when you are caught faking news stories 
@ summermckeen can i plz get a follow cause i love you so much and i was the first person to like ur vid? 
happy birthday ellie!! no #wine for the doggies, but this should suffice!! she’s 9 and has more energy than most puppies. and she still looks like a stuffed animal, no small feat at her… … 
@ mikeshannon270 is ready to hook you up with a pair of tickets to "a glamorous night" at lehman college october 13th with tony!toni!tone!, deniece williams and sheila e!!! listen to win at 8:30!!! 
@moms who’s kids sleep on cots at daycare. does anyone use sheets? or one of those little nap mats to make it more comfy? k is used to a mattress at home and a crib at daycare so i feel like he’s going to hate this new cot thing. 
double standard, people of color are guilty until proven innocent. while white people, especially those with money and power are innocent until daddy can pay someone off!!! 
hail varsity radio: hunting harbaugh (with @ mitchsherman, @ jimbrandstatter and @ 
30 million people died in the holocaust. if you don't think this president would murder brown-skinned people in this country without a second thought you're among the dumbest people on the planet. the man is a psychopath and is devoid of empathy. this is how nazi germany began. … 
he is i and i am him 
and then there are the folks who think trump has integrity.... 
hai everyone i’m back and predator was awesome! 
...and fort duda in texas? 
well said. don’t engage the children. ignore them and move on with the people’s business. this whole charade is a gigantic waste of taxpayer money. but since when does anyone in washington care about the best interests of the taxpayers? the deplorables that pay their salaries. 
and then they make eye contact with you!! torontonians love to pretend theyre too busy to take their phone out of their pocket 
man fraudman should have not been cheap and kept morrow and darvish … 
hello! thanks for reaching out to us, i would be happy to help and check on this for you. would you be able to send us a dm please with the address and phone number of the account? - av 
me, natalie and my sister did one but we talked too much shit in it so it was deemed unpostable lmaoo 
yeh why is that @ secretservice ? im sure u guys know this & have seen this in news but mad max is really beyond that “line” now! protect our potus and watch this evil hags every move...please!! 
jc and chelsey with stanley the giraffe. ugh my heart 
still getting tons of dark money and sick information-challenged voters. 
popularity and intelligence 
i see empty dream catchers every where and they don’t even know they are dream catchers.. #yycarts #yyc #yyccc 
every time we go a day without william being resigned to the leafs, sam being resigned to the sabres, and jack without the c 
i’d be far more inclined to play denzel at the 3 and use jabari as a 6th man. 
when you manage to get a ‘happy’ photo of him and he hasn’t realised yet! 
come see me perform october 25th ! a little info about me that most of you don’t know growing up at about the age of 13 or so and throughout high school, i was a member of this amazing dance... … 
fann_test() : test with a set of inputs, and a set of desired outputs 
out of curiosity, did n.korea agree to discontinuing its nuclear arms or that they would not build anymore missiles? just curious because depending on how the agreement is stated depends on what they can get away with and not have the united states declaring war. 
cities and municipalities are not the only ones who face the financial burden of the opioid crisis. in 2016, large employers spent $2.6 billion on opioid addiction treatment and overdoses. via ^michaelg 
now: nathan sykes - over and over again on 
my professional thoughts are no, it’s not an employers responsibility to ensure the employee is following the rules. as both an aviator and airman the air force will (rightfully) discipline me for violation of standards. any assistance for substance abuse help is out of ... 
be ready everyone next week starts the trump administration 10% tariffs and by the end of the year they said the tariffs will be at 25%. 
i adore @ thebillallan, if you like dnd related thing and just awesome people in general go check him out. #dnd5e #dungeonsanddragons big inspiration and awesome web series. 
#etnholmeschatsafety #ad thanks again and congrats to all the winners!! 
nebraska, despite an 0-2 record, brings in an above average offense (s&p+ 45th) and above average defense (58th). good test for u-m to start the b1g season … 
why are you proving your faith to strangers in the first place? there’s only one person that you need to show proof too and he knows what you do and don’t do. 
riddle me this : why do lawyers charge $500/hr ? i’ll never understand. it’s criminal and is discriminatory towards low income earners. rant over. !!! 
right and they did. who was also the same guy who did inhumans. see what i did there? 
zoom in on that wall, that’s definitely aubrey and that teeth whitener sitting right across from that needle 
what a bunch of real losers so why become an mp to come and sing foul songs outside parly instead of being inside debating the future of zim madofo evanhu @ mdcalliancezw @ nelsonchamisa @ matigary @ begottensun @ … 
right now at @ roulette_nyc !! night 1 set 1 of @ highzero nyc: tom boram, ikue mori and @ cspenceryeh tearing it up. three more sets of improvisers tonight, four different sets tomorrow! 
7. i don't want any kids at all i can barely handle myself 8. when it's gently raining outside and it's very nice to listen to 9. maybe o/live g/arden so i can devour all of their wondeful breadsticks 
i asked my sister to draw vriska again and she shined a flashligh t in my face 
i’m always surprised when ppl follow me because i make a quality tweet like one (1) time a month and the rest are just me blindly clicking send tweet and hoping it’s not complete garbage . 
i’m guessing you just got your license and your flexing it by making fun of people that don’t have it. weird ass flex but ok 
ana is the sweetest and sawyer ugh isn’t he just perfect?! - how was your day? mine was wet and windy here in the uk there’s a big storm so we’ve had heavy rain all day with high… … 
it’s the little things that make our @ adla_dli teachers happy… butcher paper and scented markers! shout out to one of our excellent dual language immersion teachers, mandy, from @ allsoulsla ! 
just chocked yesterday when chan and jeongin dropped their photos exposing their chests... 
hiroshi sambuichi - miwa gama ceramics studio and store, hagi 2002. … 
but said witness is refusing to actually testify under oath and he only denies remembering it. not that it never happened. apparently he doesn’t remember a lot of his school years there. 
day 2 started off with #the incredible coaster” and #isaacmoto was trippin. @disney california adventure park … 
and the trump rally tonight at 10 here on the east coast that would be like 6 o’clock in vegas. 
you know what this guy, the media and its “anchors”, senate democrats and democrats as a whole, have in common? they’re all working on conjecture because dr. ford is providing no corroborating evidence. at least he is open about playing amateur sleuth. 
discrimination lawsuit alleges southwest airlines workers had ‘whites-only’ break room at houston airport, southwest was ‘quick to fire blacks while giving whites lesser discipline and chances to improve conduct’ 
finally got around to making my text notification sound the star trek tng communicator beeps again. it feels like healing from the fire and sounds like i can't possibly have ever had sex 
i'm not a yankees or bosox fan, but you had some good insight into press box food and those legends seats sound very cool. good job. no 
the amount of support that small #youtubers get is very bad rich will be rich and poor will be poor for ever! i guess! no matter what thumbnails you make, how good your tags get ranked, you just never get viewers! on the channel no matter the work you put on your videos 
why in the fuck is it so hard to leave a god damn voice mail.. like i know there is some privacy security in place but cant they even " hi kayla this is so and so from_________ can you give me a call back" 
i keep clicking the top corner and getting mad when it doesn’t come up 
came across #charliesangels #fullthrottle and can’t help but wonder if that’s #davidtennant as #shamus or if i’m just crazy. they seem to have a similar build and expressive eyebrows. and it’s not like i could look up this information up on an online movie database of somekine... 
can’t wait! personally i’m hoping for lots of “sci fi action and adventure” with some “mysteries and deep thoughts” on occasion. … 
ha! another dope who doesn’t get that we are doing the leaving and are owed nothing. 
creepy and cool... … 
the storm has passed, let the clean up and healing begin. 
competition for 50,000$. we announce the winners! - hello!mobile share competition with a prize fund of 50,000$ has come to an end and it&#39;s time to announce the winners. the most active users w... 
she didn't report when she was sexually assaulted and no not reporting is not good but there are reasons why victims stay mute. that's why lili posts about it 
chillicothe police and state patrol troopers executed a search warrant at an eastern avenue apartment, friday afternoon. 
“assessment and exercise intervention for the flexion intolerant and disc-injured low back” dr. phillip snell, toronto, nov.17-18 course that includes mckenzie / mcgill like application principles and exercise prescriptions for this client. see for detail 
repeatedly asking "what's wrong?" after i've repeatedly told you that i'm fine is hands down the fastest way to piss me off. shut the fuck up and get out my face with that bullshit 
by the heart of jesus, we will do something great and generous for thee!" ~ father wilfrid faber, cong. orat., "apostle of london" 
? we have given the palastinians billions over last 40 years and today they still teach thier kids #israel does not exist . your lies are just that lies nothing more. i am enjoying watching democrats squirm while everything the built up is torn down by @ potus #buildthewall 
yes u could go to medical school and then perform heart surgery. that's what it's for! that is very fine logic you realise that right? that's like saying 'lemme get an accounting degree & come out counting numbers'...well yeah! what do you think u need to perform heart surgery? 
you can admit something is true and still be bitter about the outcome lol … 
via @ wral: rosenstein suggested he secretly record trump and discussed 25th amendment 
good response; and so true. 
the remake so big it's going to take two new guests to discuss it: we'll welcome @ stephenjskelton and @ tonnslingdog of @ filmpigs next week! - … 
people so “confused and challenged “ she not work for our government #maddow 
i had an interview that i think went pretty well for a part-time job three weeks ago and was starting to despair that i hadn't heard anything after having sent my references and consented to a background check. they called this afternoon to say there's been some staff changes... 
i think you're confused? i think beto has a good argument here, and this tweet is supposed to be a criticism. 
i love and miss 1 (one) person only 
documented by academy award winner viola davis & julius tennon, julius jones' life hangs in the balance of the oklahoma death row. watch "the last defense" and sign the petition. help us get julius jones a fair opportunity at justice. - sign... via @ change 
im at my aunts bday but surprise this is for guanlin and im celebrating guanlin day 
mykonos grill on #yelp: it had four stars and i thought i would try something different as my chinese restaurant wa… … 
i just watched #nappillyeverafter with my daughter and it was wonderful a very positive message of finding yourself and loving the skin you’re in 
i played the search the waves mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 10 #paradiseisland2 
maybe i'm over thinking this coming back thing too seriously and i just need to release a new fucking video. 
and if they get their way and kavanaugh resigns they will all laugh about it admit it was phoney and it will be to late just like harry reid did to romney! 
i’m at 5 below and i see ac amiibo for $5. the sad part is i can buy them for even less at gamestop. 
nah just come to san marcos and bring texas state some luck. i'll buy you bbq 
nothing will ever beat the fish and chips place in waterloo called fishcoteque 
#tonyawilliamsday - tonya continued to excel @ illinois_alma and was named @ bigten roy in 1993 along w/ winning another @ usatf jr title. thanks @ norfolkva & @ illiniathletics (post 12 of 
saw a video of a little girl getting adopted and it was so sweet, i’m still crying over it. 
i saw it and i was like “wait what??!“ lol 
back for round two. pizza and good times. (at @ doublemountain brewery & taproom in hood river, 
cash explosion is over, now what in the hell are @ wehelpprotect and i suppose to watch? 
msoc: the conqs are victorious against hesston, 5-1. conqs are now 3-1-1 in conference and 6-2-1 overall. they play next at home on wednesday against garden city at 4pm. #goconqs 
und's jaxson turner blocks a field goal and deion harris returns it near mid field. und now has 1st and 10 from the 31, down four, with 3:32 left. 
#giforce is so proud of you gigi. you are working so hard the past few weeks. but you're still having fun. your walk is amazing. you've closed and opened so many. so much love and respect to you. 
i just got matched with this guy on tinder and he has the prettiest blue eyes ever 
going to be streaming while i sketch some death stranding stuff and do some nose and mouth studies. 
hey you really need to respond to that vacuous ideologue think club, he's been on you and thinks he has a point. debate him and crush him intellectually wise, there's no room for pulling punches with religious fools anymore. he's deceptively neutral. 
tryna take my best friend on a date and she takin foreverrrr to get ready 
my mom has an instagram now and at first i was like oh no but now i’ve decided i want her account to thrive 
trump might not be rich at all! this might be why he's skimming as much as he can from government payments to his crappy trump hotels and golf club. … 
-45,s guy just like him but not orange and old as dirt . 
creating gifs can be fun for introducing new concepts and ideas both for students and teachers 
the word of god is to be a lamp to your path and a light to your feet. it is your privilege to walk in the light and to grow up to the full stature of men and women in christ jesus. this is the sanctification through the truth. 
the cold part is, i'm not sure if he's as effective here because defenses would just exploit or sorry linebackers and secondary. we're like that dyke that's always got a hole in it...no matter how you plug it, there's a leak somewhere else. 
last night when i let my brothers dog out she pissed in one of the hallways in the apartment complex and i just left it there and today i saw footprints coming from it cause someone walked through it thinking it was just water 
big and pretty. i like that. i do not have any complex, i just like women who appear strong and dominating. not a superiority nor an inferiority complex; just a fetish. #fatal #attractions 
is it too early in the year to turn my heat on?? it’s chilly and @ evan_farrier isn’t keeping me warm 
@ billmaher you ask how america got to where it is today. while republicans shoulder much of the blame, i can't understand your failure to implicate hillary's husband, bill, for passing the gramm-leach-bliley act, which repealed glass-steagall and paved the way for deregulation. 
public service announcement...if you owe family members or friends money and have yet to pay them back please don't put your recent purchases on fb. you're welcome. 
rape and assault do not qualify for “free spirited. “ 
please remember in your darkest hour i love you so much stay alive i know it’s cliche and everyone says that but please — i love you too. … 
“but he answered and said to them, “my mother and my brothers are these who hear the word of god and do it.”” luke 8:21 nkjv … 
i mean, she got almost as many votes as obama, and (as i recall), more votes than any other candidate in history. i don't see how we can conclude that democrats are to blame due to their low turnout when they had a damn good turnout by american standards. 
agreed and you make us all smile for the nice work you always are doing thank you joy 
and his gf is pressing charges, so an investigation will be forthcoming. dems are not preventing that investigation, or attempting to rush him into a state atty gen position, much less a lifetime position on scotus. so thanks for making my point for me.... 
i’m going to try and dance to honey by kehlani 
wearing my new job shirt and feeling it. 
and there’s the deflection. just like a good trumpster. 
i got distracted with pinterest and voltron and now there’s a t-rex in a city and destroying things. 
okay but like rachel and nick deserve the whole world thank you 
honestly hate walking in dtla and smelling the dried up piss... shouldn’t be like... 
today for me is one of those days. he knows when i need his guidance & word. it has been a super busy and somewhat stressful monday. so blessed i worship a forgiving god, so thankful for promise of forgiveness and... … 
disney mr and mrs shirts, hubby & wifey shirts, disney couples shirts, disney honeymoon, matching shirts, disney wedding, matching tees via @ etsy 
congrats @ musportbiz on 10 years running the rawlings sport business management program @ maryvilleu. you’ve changed the lives and careers for hundreds of students in your tenure. cheers to another 10! our students arranged for jason to throw out the 1st pitch at busch stadium. 
just whacked my head so hard i got a work wide oooooff. let me go home? now? please? i already smell like burnt coffee beans and would be covered in stains if i didn’t wear all black / a sponge sweatshirt that apparently soaks up every liquid it comes in contact with. 
woo! we did it, we beat riven in the last wish raid and now we can say we tore the heart from a dragon! shenron ain't gonna like it but now @ streamer_house has a raid completion bumping up the light (with a crummy 594 rocket launcher) we raid again on 
this is disgusting and heart breaking! 
you will always be our awesome clementine, melissa. bold, brave, and beautiful. 
including clinton and obama 
and i don't have to care abt money 
it’s a new week but we’re still here making all of your classic favorites. stop in and toast the sunshine with a refreshing hendricksgin cocktail! ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ :… … 
unfortunately @ scamby820 can't make it today. i'll stream some few rank and player matches tonight for a little. #wakeandgains still happening. later tonight tune 
your revolting. what an utter and complete joke. 
such greatness in honoring freedom, freedom of religion, freedom of speech, civil rights that actually work. not the political left approach that always puts someone down and hinders all over time. trump has not taken one action that favors one american over another. #maga 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: white and black polka dot skirt. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
hernandez earned a bs in electrical engineering from the university of the pacific in 1984 and an ms in electrical and computer engineering from uc santa barbara. 
@ eminem drops kamikaze @ liltunechi about to drop carter v and @ tip dropping one soon. they ain't ready for hiphop. 
i watched it right after housebound and i was like 
i taught evonomics and love when repubs try to explain supply side economic theories. 
worry not what deluded fools tell you of sin. the allfather cares little about sin. go forth. be bold. fight often. odin will be pleased. he is the god of warriors not footstools. let slaves kneel and scrape to the god of slaves. 
the dreamies are literally all older than me or one year younger than me and yet i can never think abt anything like romantically with them lmao anytime i imagine them in my head i’m like making breakfast for them and like cooing at jisung bc he’s adorable or smth 
i hate to break it to you this way bro. unbeknownst to you, you’ve been cheated and repressed. find out who is responsible and choke them out; one by one. have had truffle risotto with coal fired braised wild boar in italy a few years back. wow. 
rest and recover ... 
starting this wednesday i’m gunna be promoting/retweeting any up and coming michigan artists that hit me up. i’ll make it a regular wednesday thing. just shoot me a dm with sc links or tweet links! … 
shes coming to florida twice and im not able to see her bc no one wants to go with me 
i might see two movies this weekend, one being the mha movie on saturday and the other being smallfoot because my 10 year old brother wants to see it i haven't been to a theater in a while ive just realized 
heading down to irwindale speedway to watch #thetitangames and i cannot have my phone with me 
senior ben hewson and juniors jeremy sorem and charlie engelbrecht representing! thank you sports medicine team for all that you do for us. you’re … 
you’ve seen the meta studies comparing over 1.25 million people worldwide. you reject them because they show results you don’t like. 
and you and the republicans have decided she is a liar without even hearing testimony.mwhat a shame that a woman refuses to believe that a man would assault another woman 
gemini and "omg, you are like the only gemini i don't hate" … 
be quiet and go find a job that doesn't involve harassing children on a online game 
but we’re both still alive and he makes me v v happy so i’d recommend if you don’t value your own sanity and really want companionship lol 
folks will try to link up with you to give the false impression they was apart of your mission. it’s rough out here and delusions are at an all time high. 
a "very stable genius" and modest too !!! … 
the #sgvcog planning tac will meet tomorrow, sept. 27, at 12 noon. the cog's recommended list of at & flm projects to receive measure m msp subregional funding for the 1st msp 5-year plan will be on the agenda for discussion and direction. this tac meeting is open to the public. 
this is a dream. look at the carbon cost of that product. packaging, transport, waste and then nutrition levels. ok so your affluent. around 90% of the world doesn't live like you. this is not the future. it's some preta end game while we consume the planet to death. 
i’m currently at barnard and i feel that thankfulness 
“of course my dear~” 
glad to be with @ artworksproject and case art fund discussing the role of photography and change. here - lina sergie attar of @ karamfoundation on the role of cameras in 
that's true, and i don't actually agree that it goes against that particular policy as far as i understand it, but the main implication here is that the guy was fired for being a white nationalist, which is very unlikely to be even remotely the case. 
can i jokingly say bobobo and not be attacked here 
los lunas knows how to celebrate! earplugs needed at this #nmtrue straight a express stop! congratulations katherine gallegos es and bosque farms es on your a grade! #nmrising #nmpol 
i was pushing a cart of meat. red ass bloody ass meat and this guy comes up and asks, "can i get a water?"....dude...smh 
it’s lovely that your hard work’s been recognised, and about time too! 
bigger the goal harder the climb but in the end bigger the muscle and stronger the mind 
praise be to the god and father of our lord jesus christ! in his great mercy he has given us new birth into a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead, 1 peter… … 
greece and turkey are bearing the brunt of this crisis. and france has not "welcomed more migrants than any other eu country." … 
how? had the letter been given to the committee when it was received we wouldn’t even be here. @ senfeinstein had the responsibility and position to do the right thing and failed to do so. had she done the right thing this would have already been investigated and findings known. 
look at the absolute total lack of credible evidence… due process of law… the truth? this woman was emotional and credible but had absolutely no no no no corroboration for her story while mr. kavanaugh had character •credentials • real commendations • consistency>she exposed 
the dictators and despots of the world have more class and are more ethical than the democratic party in the usa 
#falsecreek-fairview 19.5°c steady • dry and comfortable with a light breeze • barometer falling 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
@ brettkavanaugh you're a drunk, a predator and a big fat liar. #fbiinvestigationnow 
my friends never answer my facetime.. only one that pick up is ke and das sad 
the senate judiciary committee and the media all should be ashamed since there was so many other ways to handle this matter. without collaboration, unknown when or where it should never have been senate or tv soap opera ! sad 
and money changes hands, in difficult-to-track ways. 
we agree and if he was jesus, buddah and mother teresa all in one, he would trashed by dems the same americans are not stupid. they say they would never use ford in that way, look at the way they did trump. 
america will be blessed to have him serve on the scotus. he is a lion for liberty and justice. … 
i find myself needing to eat some comfort food after what we all watched today. how gutless these men are. not one would look dr. ford in the eye and show any empathy 
i really like quick break ups and affairs. oh wait... 
hey america, daily reminder that the left will do anything to get power, no matter whose life they ruin in the process. the thread here is disgusting and disturbing. your son-husband-brother-daughter-wife-sister or you could be next. … 
kavanaugh mentioned left wing conspiracy and dark money but every 30 minutes i see a commercial playing on tv supporting him. and these commercials have been running for weeks. who is paying for that? 
let’s all take friday off and go to the lelan statom corn maze 
kavanaugh’s emotion was anger, not sadness. he was pissed he was called out. he was pissed that a mere woman might bring him down. he was pissed that his position of privelege ( oth white and economic) wasn’t protecting him. 
and please registered to vote … 
and it’s good to note that the republicans did not speak not nearly as much is ford’s hearing which lets me know they thy have made up their minds while the dems are genuinely trying to get answers. #kavanaughhearings 
emotional kavanaugh decries ‘circus’ and maintains innocence, as ford testifies he ‘sexually assaulted me’ … #foxnews 
this bish straight up wanted me to do this nazi ass tattoo on her and tried to play me like i was dumb like i didn’t know what those symbols and shit meant. get the fuck out of my face with that. 
@ mikecrapo thank you for seeing through the democrat circus and voting to move judge kavanaugh?s confirmation to the senate floor! 
its sickening how quick men can move on after all the crying and begging for his woman to stay. 
shields and brooks on brett kavanaugh's confirmation in question (start, 2:23, 3:52, 5:53, 7:40, 9:23 —— 10:32-end) back in business judy … 
latex in art looks much better drawn then real life and it bugs me because i want to wear some latex some time. 
tdp resisted and demanded that the centre fulfill the promise made in the act, it constituted a task force on december 7, 2016, to relook into the issue. #kadapasteelplant #apdharmaporatam #cbndharmaporatam #nrtdpusa @ timesofindia @ timesnow @ republic @ aajtak @ bjp4india @ gvlnr 
i've never watched **** **** and i told scar no one else know ha 
feel like we've got our own young legend in @ jacobstanek and i'd love to tag the great ralph freso, who i get on loan for non-ap nights, but i doubt he's joining twitter any time soon 
how can anybody be called brave when they're destroying a good man and his family's life 
aaron and bryan argument top 5 funniest things ever 
shows just how bad the d has been for years now. i'm always amazed benning actually played d in the nhl with his assessment of them as pros. i'd take forsling/hamhuis over edler/tanev at this point, and those are his throwaways... let alone the mess in net... #weisbrodcurse 
yea but i don’t plan to remain single forever so i’ll eventually encounter the same problems as you! no one should be made to feel powerless over their own accounts and money!! 
it's almost as disgraceful as being laughed at by the entire un and more than 50% of your own country. 
i'd heard boston fans complain about for ages but never quite understood until we were subjected to boston broadcasts of sixers-celtics preseason games a few years ago and good lord 
i just woke up from a nap and i’m still tired 
you’ll be fine!! you’ve got this! when you’re at the concert remember to not worry about the little things, and just enjoy your time there! 
respectfully, if the fbi exonerates kavanaugh, manchin is placed in a very difficult position, either adhere to party leadership or acknowledge kavanaugh’s innocence and join with the people who will decide if he has a job for the next 6 years. wouldn’t want that spot. 
halfway through the first period and we're still scoreless in the aud. #67s #noquit 
if you're a producer and you need a place to bang out beats holla at me. i'm offering a discount hourly rate to all producers that need a peaceful place to create music. music programs and controllers available!!!! *producers only. 
/no worries. rl and work are pains, but they come first, love. 
i'll tag walls and shit up till june of last year oh my god yes thank u 
because to them, the end justifies the means. and they want to save all the helpless little babies before they're born. after they're born they don't care. … 
and joe has a point! 
nick, can we open an ice cream parlour together where large tvs are mounted high on the wall with live video footage of the inside of the freezers showing the ice cream and labels? 
that's fair, but we don't know what happened. i'm not about to pretend i'm certain one way or the other. but i am certain about the other (current) character revelations he has offered. and that includes his unnecessary lies. 
afraid? lol of what? more like sick and tired of demo craps like the rest of us … 
sometimes i have a hard time getting things done so i rub this roller blend on my neck and wrists. 10 drops vetiver 10 drops cedarwood 5 drops lavender & 1 drop peppermint topped off… … 
please tweet this same message every hour until #kavanaugh is voted on and confirmed. 
i’d say on average you’re a cinnamon roll and all that cinnamon and sugar holds the flakiness down and keeps you so lovable 
@ jvn might be my most favorite person in the world and i've never met him. 
great factual reporting... "of the incidents at sea last year, the worst involved iranian forces capturing and holding overnight 10 u.s. sailors who strayed into the islamic republic's territorial waters." pretty sure that incident happened in jan 2016. #fakenews 
and nicola’s face when she realises her hat looks like a bat 
tammy davis ( owner) and eduardo (manager) do a great job educating and helping members achieve their goals. the facility is clean and has some of the newest best strength and cardio equipment in the omaha area. 
big difference between the dodgers celebration and the brewers. … 
i drove by a house that had a “brett kavanaugh” sign in their front yard and literally slammed on my brakes 
hello, i hate to hear your install was not completed. let me look into this for you. please dm your complete service address and the name on the account. -dawn 
haven’t gone out and danced in too long, a bitch is ready!!! 
well @ hizzleguy has well truely fucked my soul in that xman chop chop set and its probably the fattest thing seen in my life, front row mental the whole timeeeee donny 
yuna and dean would end my life … 
every now and then i re-watch @ rereztv's worst console ever series all in one day. i highly recommend them. 
and this white middle aged man is angry to! i stand beside you and proclaim enough is enough! blue wave 2018! 
you're more than welcome and yes through almighty god anything is possible. ask. believe and receive. god bless you. 
copy-and-paste sometimes causes a java function in the background to throw exceptions until you restart 
i went to see free solo and just to save everyone some time, it's false advertising and has nothing to do with star wars 
listening to partners playlist and i forgot susumu hiradawa was in here. i jumped out of my seat a bit because i was so startled 
> reproduce like mad no, don't. there are enough mouths to feed, and we're already facing extinction level pressure on critical resources. until we get a stable off planet resource base going, 'reproduce like mad' is a recipe for malthusian disaster in a generation or two. 
emotional and verbal abuse is still abuse 
i am a crows fan and was pretty disgusted by the comments. 
get out here and fight me!!! 
make everyday your birthday and every night ya valentine 
so i’m supposed to hangout with this guy and he bought me a case of coors light....is this what love is like??? 
iphone xs specs vs. xs max, xr, x: what's new and different - cnet 
6 and 6 
i always say imma go home and go to sleep when i get off, but that never happens 
xd omg that suits him perfectly! he’s basically a teenager and that makes me love him more!^_^ let’s see...fuse man’s head pieces, i always thought they would retract like with a cat retract their claws 
this building is full of cyberspace stalking, con artists, looking to make a quick buck, and pumping for information, and trying to claim opp. 
she is spot on. yet, @ kellyannepolls and other women on fox and other outlets continue to blame women for being at the wrong place at the wrong time, dressing provocatively, etc. women can be just as judgmental as men. we need to support our sisters. 
i was facetiming @ viva_ladavid and i realized how much i miss my best friend 
hahaha. well i do get about 5 to 7 miles of walking in every day with my camera. perhaps that drives the beer and stuff. i’ve been doing the walking every day mostly since march in japan, then vietnam and now cambodia. 
georgetown professor: ‘castrate’ white men’s corpses and ‘feed them to swine’ … "professor" christine fair obviously lacks both intellect, and maturity - in short she is devoid of wisdom & character @ gehrig38 @ fn92 @ campusreform @ tpusa @ georgetown #maga 
angel and my damn daughter be having me dead real going back and forth with each other how is it working 
marinated it with my own recipe and it was 
actually getting pretty excited at the prospect of potentially seeing more of my old #nxt favourites @ konnorwwe and @ viktorrisewwe actually getting some decent shit to do on #raw. 
what is on the docket they are not just doing this because of trump...there has to be something the lefties are pushing threw...granted yeah they hate him...but something smells funny...and it isn't my bulldog... 
to whom do you go for truth? know your enemy and stand for the republic of the unied states of america. qanon. qaonon. qanon. @ prayingmedic. 
i stan taylor also and i know she would be disappointed in your actions. they are friends and taylor supports sabrina because she knows she’s talented so why can’t you? and i can’t believe you’d spread hate instead of love since that’s one of the main things taylor stands against 
i really wanna play rabi ribi again. maybe i'll finish my 0% run's post game, or start a hell mode file or something. or finally grab the dlc and play through that. 
had spaghetti with a side of guacamole and queso for dinner so i hit a new personal low tonight 
and it was sooooo worth it! when soaps were done right! 
from that which is within it, a spider can build a home which can withstand some rain and wind. it can also help to catch and keep food . the god which placed abundance in the spider also placed abundance in you 
i just made it now is watch movies and talk with jo 
oh same but only bc we’re on a 75/25 split where majors are 75% of our grade and all our tests are saqs which like... a breeze baby!!! 
tl sis banyak august and october babies 
just about bar fight and he already knew about ms. ramirez. did i miss something else? 
i do live in small town.. and making excuses for the misuse of tax dollars needs to end. what's your local hospital administrator make? 
breaking: kavanaugh wet nusre claims breast injury after heavy drinking session by kavanaugh in 1965, dems ask for investigation and delay, and more delay 
listened to a lot of johnny cash, ronnie milsap, and willie nelson today. great music and you should throw it back like that every now and again. significantly better than anything on country radio today. 
bored so oomfs like/rt this and ill screen record me going thru ur acct 
gamay na cut and fill. afagehwfneofhneowpqshwpdpeuenwo 
oh my god i cannot believe this we were staying at that hotel right behind the top golf (the mgm signature) and had no idea this was going on i’m so happy for you though!! that’s an amazing story 
brussels chocolate walking tour and workshop #tours #belgium #brussels … 
kk but i’m going to a concert in june and i can’t frickin wait oof 
i used to think like that , now search for the interview where he talks about their sexual life and jokes about switching her birth control with tic tacs and also he’s proud that bill clinton checked her out on a funeral . 
there’s only 1 bruh and it’s in ny lol 
hahaha congrats lin, and congrats to your dad! 
i don't get why girls have to be so fucking nasty and catty. why would you wanna live your life like that 
because i doubt she truly is one. she makes videos on the internet, and not very good ones at that. 
never ever let your ego get in the way. it’s just not worth it and you only end up looking like an ass or making dumb decisions. #dontberuledbyyourego #choosepeace #bewise #positivevibes… … 
#igwritersoct day 2: nothing says spooky autumn than a fall arrangement stacked on black books. and yes, these are fake. no way i can keep flowers like this alive. i’m more of a low… … 
tomatoes red and green on vines, 
look you are a baggie eye dumb ass freak of nature and every one on the planet knows you are one of the largest liers on the planet!!! we thought you were done with your dumb talks also. … 
she needs to listen to dr lancer and include her décolleté when addressing her skincare regime. 
dr. loverso and the #casacolinahospital foundation wish to recognize the wonderful staff who volunteer their time and give monetary support toward casa colina’s subsidized care programs. your generosity and spirit of service truly make a difference to our organization! 
seems to me it could potentially be (at least for me) a pretty solid indicator of when to cool off and when to heat up. too extended? you probably got lucky, cool off. below it? you may be getting in a rut, stop the bleeding! i may start looking at this just for fun 
i use to have a lot of repect for joe. i lost it all when i seen how he is controlled by nancy pelosi. during trump un address joke stood up to applaud and nancy looked at him and he immediately sat down! lost all respect then. 
readline_callback_read_char() : reads a character and informs the readline callback interface when a line is received … 
idc if #fema does deploy full on #martiallaw, you start going after citizens with guns and yall fema white people is getting shot 
remember when you said you love bill clinton. i am sure he loves you too, and would love to have you under his desk to make you try his cigar. anyone is shocked? #metoo #kavanaughhearings #brettkavanaugh 
well #cubs fam very very hard way to lose in the 13th...at home but we can still be proud of our cubbies for great season filled with so much. the roller coaster was well worth the ride and this off season will be fun to see what happens. nothing but love @ cubs 
kaya toast and some coffee from toast box, the only person who can tell if someone's added you to a list lol 
it’s national. i’ve had numerous updates from my phone and i’m in florida. stay safe. 
live on @ producthunt : @ chainkit from @ pencil_data! add blockchain integrity to your data and apps in 5 minutes … 
this went great with hot wings. nice and refreshing. - drinking a fat angel by @ magichat @willow street, pa 
we gone end up by ourselves and not each other 
i am not taking it as a necessity over anything, never did. soooo, it’s just like getting stars for a pet, has nothing to do with my progression. if it does! then wth. that means it’s blocking my path and must be removed 
in the video you said that you can talk about this for hours and i would really like to listen to you talk about this for hours. if you ever have time, could you please make a livestream or something because i want to learn more about this. i now have so much more respect for you 
abled and entitled. 
they’re all great and all are adjusting to their new environment! hard to pick just one 
so same sex bathrooms and sanctuary city was ok but a rubber doll is a red line in the sand lol 
it’s never his fault lol i’m just not a rask fan he’s so mentally weak and so overrated around here 
i think she looks fine. it's great to see a woman who loves herself, and who she is. haters hate it because they don't look as good as her. she's rocking it. big it beautiful. full figured women are beautiful! 
can’t wait to have my main man kai-zilla @ ganpon02 back in denver next summer, and next weekend. … 
| nj | hudson county | jersey city | box 764 | 394 bergen ave | fire top floor of a 3 story wood frame | lines stretch and operating | searches are delayed | update 1957 | fire knocked down | primary search... … 
wwjd and jesus would never condemn a man or woman for something he or she did not do. besides, it was people who called themselves religious leaders that led the charge to give jesus the death penalty. … 
if you run something you want to take seriously and let people who act like complete asshats, be in charge, than i can't take anything involved with the group/company/whatever as serious at all. 
and you are proud to support another sexual abuser...thats how many now? 
finally buckled down and bought a pen cause ima bitch 
i met a belizean-dominican dude at caye that insisted on saying “belice”, and i wanted to throw every rotten coconut i could find at him. … 
pshtttt... lolol, wtf is wrong with you? yeah, because all liberal hero's want to be assaulted over and over and over again and be laughed at too. kavanaugh is a liar with a vile past, alcoholic and unfit to serve on the sc. foul temperament. 
this is not "peaceful protest" or "lawful assembly"! when they get violent they have to be arrested and they should not be allowed in the capitol building until all threats, violence have ceased! @ capitolpolice @ usnationalguard @ natpoliceassoc @ secretservice 
stanley park was wet and dirty. 
one of my kids has been taking advantage of our googlehome and messing with my shopping list. 
so, we’re taking things here back to real life. i love a pretty picture as much as the next person—and insta-stories are fun and all, but i miss the conversations that used to happen here.… … 
thing they have done this year, the democrats should have never ,ever let it be known how they were going to vote, if they had done this, the democrats could have destroyed during the senate hearing, they could have destroyed i.e. judge kavanaugh on his character ,judgement and 
and read our white paper: … 
seem* and don’t take my song 
#expectations101218 is just the beginning of everything. you have the whole world to conquer with your work and you deserve so much, your songs are you entirely. i feel connected to you when i hear you sing, it's like we're together! thank you for making me feel this way! 137 
enjoy this edited reading of jane mcwhorter's book "roses in december." i researched and compiled several pictures from artists and producers whose work i respect and encourage each of you to continue supporting by the purchase of their products & services.. 
if he's any sense, he'll tell your socialist arse to get fucked and get in the helicopter. … 
not that someone just hopped in my dm asking to feed my kids and i one day lmaoooo no thanks buddy. 
another goal for @ highlinepirates to make it 1-4 and they get the win. 
i'm a gay guy, and i found doug to be insufferable. i'm glad he's now a former champion. could we have a little less flamboyance, please? 
love and support you sis!!! 
i love this line with nash, duclair and sonny 
halftime score: mt olive 13 and wmc 10 
oh hun, go back to doing laundry and make me a sandwich while you're at it 
no problem. hope to meet you at future political event. spent election night 2016 with you and my husband waiting for pa. fun times. 
exciting news is on the horizon for our team! key members of our team have been busy scouting austin the last 2 days and we can’t wait to share what’s in store next for @ garmanygolf! @… … 
your decision is wrong!!what would you have done in the face of wrongful accusations in papers and media. i would like to see how you would have handled that stress 
cnn is anti-american, anti progress and the leader of mockingbird media. 
the wildcats get on the board halftime with a sliding touchdown reception. extra point kick is good and its 24-7 edwardsburg. 
hope the people remember what you did and vote you out in 2020 
this is repulsive and soooo intriguing … 
chosen to accomplish with the positions given to them, to lead their people in love, servitude and fellowship. make their spirit understand that there is only one spirit in all of us originating from one creator, one spirit that guides us. we all must leave this body temple. 
larry and adele fleet bacow jot down their thoughts on the day of larry's inauguration as harvard's 29th president. he: "i love adele!" she: "i love larry!" @ harvard @ harvardmed #harvardinauguration 
hope he is comfortable and cooperating with the nurses! 
so autumn 2018 - like it, looks good so far, but can it make a decision and drop temperature and be rainy soon? 
somethimg with dancing and maybe the ziegler twins? 
and we could also make a list of types of ineffectual dems. 
very very disappointed in you, and fairness. your speech made us so angry that we had to mute it shame on you lisa murkieski shame shame shame. somehow i feel you’re doing this for attention and this is wrong 
uhh so i drew the wrong prompt and i don't feel like doing another one, so here is day 6 - detective witch 
i liked a @ youtube video cersei and tywin lannister - your legacy is a lie 
@ playstation @ nbcsports do you have the premier league games available on the app through the playstation 4? i have the app installed and am signed in through my provider, but no replays of the premier league are showing 
changkyun stayed quiet for a while, unmoving as he let hyungwon nuzzle and kiss him, and then suddenly squeezing him in his arms with a soft laugh. “i love you, my hyungwonnie...” he whispered, hands sliding underneath hyungwon’s shirt as his body melted into the other’s. he ➝ 
yeah only bt sport and fox sport are showing it 
the wife and kids looking at him like they know it’s wrong. they’d never leave him because, , but i bet they pray every day he dies soon. 
all american bad ass brad lackey representing the red, white and blue!! repost from motodude511 brad lackey representing ————————— #vintagemotocross #70smoto #oldschoolmotocross… … 
me: can’t wait to watch this livestream me: turns it on and girl is screaming bloody murder me: ok that’s enough!!! 
oh hey its still the fat and ugly guy trying to make a point 
i don't believe so; just the usual- people not showing up/ bbtag kinda losing steam, and whatnot. we had a sizable cf bracket though! no streams unfortunately. 
new and improved lindsey graham takes blowtorch to corrupt loser bob menendez (video) … 
c’mon michael, as a minster, #justicekavanaugh weathered the storm and false allegations, surrendered, got the requisite votes from the senate, defended his family and name, prayed for the accuser and now has been blessed. #ibelievesurvivors & he survived the nastiest scenario. 
and this will be our year took a long time to come 
i post a picture of myself for the first time and then someone unfollows me i’m- 
i voted for kim chiu, bella padilla and angelica panganiban as push celebrity squad of the year #friendshipgoals. your turn! vote for the #pushawards2018 … 
the us republican party is run by very old people who have lost touch with reality. they have shown themselves to be corrupt, running a corrupt system. dems will take over in november and who will be to blame. put younger reps in there. 
you are wrong dear lady,it was a circus and you were the head clown. 
keyboard – customizable and responsive on-screen virtual keyboard … 
@ timtebow congrats to you tim you're the best i love and admire you 
ok, so i’ve tried to take deep breaths today. i feel like the democracy i learned about and fought for has become pre-1933 germany. i fear for the future of our land and implore to my few followers to go vote and bring 3 others with you. that’s how you make a difference! #govote 
i haven't been to an @ arbys in 8 years and just found out they got rid of their chocolate turnovers. literally the only reason why i would go there for off campus lunch during high school. 
have to say, @ uclafootball isn't half bad on d when they aren't huffing and puffing. 
the polls were fairly accurate. when polling, people are questioned, not electoral votes. take a look at the final tally of actual votes by the people and the percentage is not very far off from the last polls before the election. 
it's okay only if it's for martin and it's an eagles game. 
petnome is giving away crowns, pets and mounts! come join the fun: … 
you don't see to corrobate against accusations, the accusations themselves need to be proven by more than hearsay. "innocent until proven guilty" is the cornerstone of our legal system (and the scotus) and of democracy. 
no, putin is successful - in once again sowing doubt & discord. @ michaelavenatti could disappear & they’d find another target to attack. and like a cat chasing a laser pointer, weak dems are following putin’s light & attacking our own. 
venom is a first-rate genre film highly entertaining with a terrific star performance by tom hardy, and magnificent visual effects. do yourself a favor and don’t listen to critics or naysayers just go and enjoy a sensational film! 
i'm cirno and i bite ice cream with my front teeth #jpzbot 
it has been demonized for far too long. nice to see it going legal. visited a few coffe shops in amsterdam and it was a very cool experience 
i’m nicki and this is us on rabbit 
guessing they needed some extra time to shit on their veteran players and/or those willing to speak truth to power. … 
wake up senator, your def of credible corroboration for dr. f & lack of exoneration by her friends for justice kavanaugh is exactly the kind of biased testimony that allowed a 100 years of incarceration and lynching of blacks in usa. you & your colleagues know it. pathetic. 
beautiful badasses in (and out of) uniform (35 photos) … 
guessing you guys were better sports about the holy water. i love that they do both and this was a great antidote to this week in congress. 
#falsecreek-fairview 11.8°c steady • humid and cool with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly 5.84mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
it is time for women to stop talking about white men in power, and start replacing them. run for office! support other women who are running for office. our brethren have had their shoes on our necks for a long time. let's change the scenario. #voteblueforwomen 
...and no apologies should be required for this. in case you've missed it, the twitter rage mob has decided to focus on a new, unexpected character this weekend. smh. … 
2 rinxz tendy and sway 
i'd say part 3 grows more on you later,i'll have to admit it took longer for me to finish 3 than 4 and i took breaks which i never took before,it was because it dragged out.but later i came to appreciate part 3 for what it was,an amazing advanture around the world. 
stephen downes, terry anderson, will richardson, bill kerr, and myself. 
these are protesters. not an angry mob. you constantly cut down the fbi and the justice department. you of all people shouldn't be talking about the rule of law. you break it constantly. 
wraith by t.i. might be the hardest song i’ve heard all year, and that’s in a year that has set the bar high for slappers 
my tv stopped being a bitch and started working one minute before raw the universe is testing me 
funny how liberals want more government and bigger government, until it comes time for the government to look at them !!! 
sunday, october 7, i went into my dad's room and the light was turned on in the closet. i never turn on this light so it was bizarre to see this. this is actually the 3rd time since his… … 
< appeared to enjoy himself a lot. after some hesitate - since he himself had a pretty girl waiting - the poet cleared his throat, shifting closer to the pair. etta noticed him first and lightly tapped geralt's shoulder to get his attention > 
i know i’m happy bc me and my son will never need for shit w. who i got 
we were so afraid and preoccupied about may and her getting hurt that we didnt notice na si ed na pala yung hulog na hulog. ewan i dont usually say this bc ayoko delulu pero i have never been so sure of ed's intentions till now. i pray this is for habangbuhay #pushawardsmaywards 
lol and taylor is not? 
tornado watch for adair, adams, cass, clarke, lucas, madison, mahaska, marion, monroe, union and wapello county in ia until 10:00pm cdt. #iawx 
i am nothing without love i’m just these thoughts without a pen and i would take credit for this song but i am nothing without love ~nate ruess nothing without love #nateruess #indiepop #quote @ ournameisfun #songoftheday listen: 
i don't know who the lady is commentating the @ yankees game on espn app but how could you say the that the yankees and red sox haven't been trying to beat each other the past couple years?? this is the greatest rivalry in baseball and arguably in sports 
alguém poderia me falar qual o grupo e o nome dela? could someone tell me what group and her name? 
kicked some people who were inactive and unsubbed from the buffstuff discord, you guys for coming to the stream! 
finally found out what my new salary is going to be and it is 
i’m sick of not being happy and falling for the wrong people. 
yes...it represents a natural progression that intolerant facists always succumb to. as their demands become more outrageous and lawless, people recoil from them...which leaves resorting to violence their only answer. 
who is taylor swift? stop relaying stories about ppl with long legs and short brains. 
just got home cooking some dinner on the grill and turning the game on the tv !! 
i just heard there is going to be a bill and hillary comedy hour! 
i just had to do mine since i’m a teacher and dear lord i’m never showing it ever 
i'm not sure that i'm ready to see this movie, but the article is a powerful read about the profound, expensive, and deeply weird journey toward #ivf. rt @ ringer fertile ground: the #netflix original movie that’s realer than real life #infertility 
were talking about annuities in accounting today and all i can think about is the jg wentworth song 
i hear the train a comin it's rolling around the bendhave not seen sun shine until trump stepped in! the lord blessed us with melania the most beautiful gal around she stands with our potus and makes us feel so proud 
proud to have the opportunity to protect awesome athletes worldwide have your coach or gym owner ask us about our wholesale program and get wod&done into your gym buy directly on our… … 
alicia and i snuck subway into the movies and everyone next to us wants to act like they’ve never seen a sandwich before 
naw i seen it, but i don’t think he catches better than those 3 or see the coverage that them 3 plus julio see every week and still catch balls.. he had a quiet night last night.. 
buy it, fill it with artists, ignore the decay, and bank on the hipster biz magnets. 
startups! work with @nofolkva on challenges like flood data analytics, waste management analytics, and emergency shelter reservation management systems. … 
when i saw jungkook like this, my heart really just hurts...and idk if it hurt more bcos i m just super disappointed in myself at sch. guess i cld really relate to him at tht moment. 
xero is today launching a new 'wellbeing leave' policy, under which its staff can access personal leave for their wellbeing and mental health when needed. … 
i commented on this dudes snapchat story of sushi and then decides to ask me on a date for sushi..... free sushi and i get to stare at a beautiful man? count me in 
like i said... too bad they neither had an actual plan, were capable of, accomplishment anything on that list from 2016. i was talking about now. although, i’m assuming it was the same in ‘08 & ‘12 - and none of it got done. now it’s just “duh, we scream and yell at a protest”. 
would be much better speaking with port for 10 and 11 
i remember this day! @ yosoy8a came on the field and i knew he was the future of @ clubamerica_en. i remember how proud and serious he would look under those three posts! … 
actually found out it was so popular pats took provolone and american cheese off the menu till mid 70s.. that is a huge interesting fact i was not aware of 
i mean ariana did say she wanted to release the music while it’s fresh and she doesn’t want to conform to formula or routine anymore soo 
it seems the day i stashed it i remembered what i used the pot for, then promptly forgot again. i am so relieved i want to cry. honestly. the thought of losing that amount of money was making me sick and so cross at myself. 
i've seen it. she tried to sue him and got laughed at basically. 
my faith in humanity was restored today. i’ve been going through some sit and wasn’t in the mood to deal with anything or anyone today but to my surprise i only dealt with positivity, support, and kindness from complete strangers. it was a nice change. 
i just got bad news about #chicagopd and i'm nauseous now 
i too suffer from ptsd w/ major depressive episode and generalized anxiety. it's a struggle. thank you for saying this. 
amen sister! testify! the religion whose holy book says 'kill the gays' and regales us with stories of massacres ordered by the lord is no religion of love... 
“many companies pointed to forming teams that featured at least one member from the baby boomer, generation x, millennial and generation z subsets to create innovation and balance.” 
this is rigged the surveys aren't loading for me and i watched about 20 videos and i got 1 entry 
my dog has a bad uti and is peeing everywhere and i feel really bad for her because the antibiotics make her sick and she's been on them for a while and they just can't get rid of the uti but.....now she's wearing doggy diapers and i feel terrible but i'm holding back a laugh 
"fascist" is a pretty useful descriptor for dudes who like pinochet and helicopter memes. 
rt @ nhc_surge: a constructive and shaft blow job fuck semen shit pudding along portions of the florida panhandle, ball bag boobs, and natur… 
yo kevin, bring more of your peeps to the darkside. (you know, believers in climate change) all bullshit aside, change is going to come fast and hard in the coming years and it is going to get very bad for all americans/humanity. 
uh, iowa and nebraska aren’t countries! 
most of those drugs come from airplanes and boats. should we shut down all our ports and ground all international flights? haha 
do you think he asked ? nope so now we are at home and there’s no dinner and i’m hungry 
what if karl phillips is actually karl marx's son and him and louis are pretending to fight just to misled us to the fact that louis is the biggest communist out there and he's coming to brazil to save us from fascism and finally start the communist revolution? send tweet 
ghb (gamma hydroxybutyrate) pros and cons of targeted supplementation. useful for diets like cbl and cns? or just for promoting sleep? 
i cooked last night so i would have lunch and dinner today. i forced myself to eat it for lunch but i refuse to have it for dinner this why i can't do meal prep. 
.put it in low and go!! 
lmao you’re sad. and ugly. i don’t have time for u 
and also love and affection 
shola 3 times and i’m not even kidding 
when life punches you in the throat and then tries to drown in the bath. all is good, before anyone asks. 
i agree with the $8m mark most are putting out as far as fair value is concerned, but i wouldn't pay that. the braves should be looking for more talent at younger ages, even tho it will come at a cost. shouldn't tread water at key positions and rely on youth. add to the team. 
it's @ thehill so biased and slanted it is probably more like 90/10. winning! 
i really just need someone to go through my clothes and put outfits together for me. i have so much stuff i never wear bc idk how 
miss these faces and this place 
love how you're trying to get hits from a mad man who was just rambling and illegal guns yeah sure but even then there just guns but mentally unstable people are to blame that's the problem 
hey gun line! no stream tonight! going to hang out and play games with the wonderful @ p0wer0fthechina 
tonight! tomorrow!!! and saturday!!!!!!! @st. louis … 
airasia announces direct flights between kl and tianjin | read: | #airasia #travel #holiday 
right went to paris and i feel in love with the language..i have a supplier based in paris and even their emails are lovely lol 
this song is my new guilty pleasure!!!!!!!! i love this song and i love nicki minaj!!!!!! this song makes me wanna get up and dance like my life depended on it!!!!!! all hail little mix and nicki minaj!!!!!!!!!!! 
you're welcome. :) if you want, you can request a character and i can edit you together an icon that you can use. i like editing things and would be open to make you one. 
i was asked how do you study for wine, spirits, beer and cocktails. i use brainscape app which holds all my flashcards and also flashcards from other users. get the app and i will open up my classes to anyone... … 
let's enjoy funny videos and earn cash together！use my veeucode iqe5be to sign up and earn cash now! 
tito’s, fresh squeezed lime and club soda 
in the short term maybe but there’s a rational case long term to a) not send the message to small $ donors that their money won’t go to the campaign they donated to and b) send the message to candidates that they need to cultivate grassroots like beto if they want beto cash … 
right...nothing like forcibly taking and relocating children away from their families to represent some great values? we are repeating terrible history from which we can't seem to learn. and not even distant history. 
calipari's 10th big blue madness speech won't be on the usual big stage. his podium and prompters are set up right on the court tonight. 
join us tomorrow! we will be passing out voter guides and more! … 
i didn't listen to the highlights not to spoil myself but omg run back 2 u!!!! bassbot got what it deserved im so proud and so happy 
“i’m a mermaid. i lose thirty years and thirty pounds and grow a tail every night.” 
we want to send our condolences to tennis champ @ rafaelnadal and our radikal platinum player @ antonioalcinas , both of them top sports personalities from mallorca, for the terrible flooding and loss of lives in sant llorenc, mallorca. our hearts goes out to the affected people 
michael and sara are actually the best fucking ship of my entire life i love themhith so much and they're precious and my favourite people ever i hope they have great lives even if they're fictional characters in prison break i don't care i love them both and they are the cutest 
great shot from our final performance with @ pianopierslane and hiroshi ikematsu last night in the auckland town hall! #troutingaroundnz #nzmusic : peter walls ( @ 
ok but who is trying to do a group halloween costume and go as the fab five with me @ queereye #obviouslyimjonathan 
can we all agree that she’s a former escort who broke the law and worked here without the proper visa whose parents benefited from chain migration and won’t admit her son has autism? #melaniasucks________ 
@ lesliemarshall i read your article about biden... you are 100% wrong. trump doesn't drink, nor would i want to have a beer with him if he did. i voted for him because he's not a politician ! politicians say one thing and do something else... he follows through. biden never has. 
says the person who funneled debate questions to hillary before the debate with sanders. she is a known cheater and liar. she has no integrity nor credibility 
good morning, how are you .lee howon ... wow, you are very nice and i like you and very beautiful and you are wonderful and wish you success with friends and, god willing, always satisfied 
happiest birthday to my bb!!!tumatanda ka na rin wahaha i wish you all the best in life. thank you for everythiiing most especially for supporting me in every decisions i make in my life. em always here for ü! imysm and i love you always!! ingat lagi ah mwah 
i don't care about the adultery or her marriage. i am concerned about her and her husband's indifference, disdain, and cruelty. 
could really use a blunt and a bubble bath 
it’s totally up to you, i moved accounts and was really skeptical about it at first but i like it so much better and don’t regret it. but whatever you choose to do, i’ll be here for you!! 
and york false started. cougars will punt instead 
stans care so much about grammys yet megan trainer and the chainsmokers have a grammy … 
hate and blindness to the truth has you in it’s grip; you empty inside and don’t realize it. 
all sound checked and ready for my sold out show at the warming house! you can be at the show online at: the show starts streaming at 8pm central. and i’ll be doing two sets- so prob roughly ending at 10pm. much love to you from here 
@ turnersportspr thanks alot idiots, can you stop talking so we can see the pregame and hear the pregame events. it is a special game and you cannot shut up for five minutes 
teach and coach separation 
ix easy strategy for casual players, pap round 4 best load out and more!: via @ youtube 
new rant: provision part 5. when you can't hold on... hold on. stop worrying about what you haven't got and start giving what you've already been provided with! 
i have this trinket (equip) from a bfa dungeon called "conch of dark whispers" and i hear weird voices when its effect activates. kind of makes me wonder if that's what the void is like #warcraft 
they are made from literally the skin of the hog fried in oil. very tasty and low carb though. 
i really wanted to hang out with my family at this family thing. then i got here and realized it was the whole family family and now i want to go home. 
connor gets away with kneeing a downed opponent and now everyone does? 
obama who???? trump! oh yeah! we had 3 honors courses on him (1 business, 1 political science, 1 entertainment) - didn't you?? don't tell me you graduated with a useless degree and now have no job, are on food stamps, and voting democrat? … 
should have taken your l and left lol 
neither has she. "around a month ago, phillip and i sort of—" breathe, theo. "—uhm. long story short: i got pregnant. i talked with him. we both decided we'd keep the baby. i was happy for a while. then phillip just up and disappeared. he just...left me. alone. "i had a— 
both @ realroyce and @ da_monsoon have both taken seats cageside to take in the prelims. fashionably early you might say. #bellator208 #bellator 
do yall realize that the public vote only makes up one vote out of the 500 or whatever that actually decide who gets in the hall? you can vote ya pussy off and it’s still only gonna decide one vote. the committee decides ultimately. 
my friends are gianna and isaac 
this is interesting, teach and you shall learn napoleon.hill … 
what do you do on a gloomy saturday? i cleaned, cooked, and barbecued! heck i even did laundry. oh boy, do i need some male bonding time!! 
once the handshake has come to an end, he will retract his hand as well, and let it rest at his side. afterwords lightly rub his chin; like he's pondering over what to say next. ❝ well... if you are at least somewhat familiar with, arthurian lore, that is where you would__ 
i love it. the story is piecing together and a lot of questions are getting answered. next few episodes should be nuts 
start your week with a visit to our barbershop and enjoy the v’s difference! book an appointment with the app or online (link in bio) . . . . #bringingbackhandsome #itsaguything… … 
i don't think he really believes them, but if he does and ignores our own intelligence then he's an idiot. hope 60 minutes calls him out on this. 
@ potus to stahl - “i’m president....and you’re not.” @ 60minutes 
or almost as gross as "leaders and crusaders" of the underground cannabis industry throwing shade at others. 
and brock gets all the credit for wilson’s 2 plays that were under 10 yards in the air but he broke free on? please it’s all the same. you see that shitty pass that bounced to stills? threw right at the defenders back. that goes any other way we lose. terrible decision. smdh 
bella hadid and the weeknd are coupled up in nyc: reports #bellahadid 
time to crawl into bed and re-read ping pong 
[ major content and trigger warning folks this is a bad one : child death ] >>>>> <<<<< *reader discretion advised* … 
@ realdonaldtrump “i’m president, and you’re not” to leslie stahl 60 minutes, you are not a man... 
trillo says he can beat healy and get 23%!! is that winning ??? i guess win, place, show. 
yes, it's called ad hominem fallacy and it's one of the lowest types of argument to prove a point when in court. 
val and i? those bitches. 
yes that's the core problem but we won't lose heart khan is dtetmin to change the fate of pakistan and it will be inshallah 
@ coachbiggee and his @ basketballaus 3x3 women’s team advance to the quarter finals of the @ youtholympics #sharkspride … 
cant wait to get home and tackle that meatloaf. 
in the meantime, i'm president and you're not - @ realdonaldtrump to @ lesleyrstahl #60mins 
nah!! it’s the “ancestors” and jesus reminding him “they” are in charge not jerry! better take a knee and pray!!! … 
( @ jerkmyego) that soon i’ll be your wife and then you won’t be able to get rid of me. that is, until i get a very handsome life insurance policy on you... you’re the first person that i think about in the morning, mostly because you’re snoring in my ear. - 
you look like a dad watching his kid having a tantrum and just waiting for them to calm themselves down … 
from almost 90 yesterday to just 46 today! cold and rainy weather calls for some chili and jalapeño cornbread!! #cleaneating #brr #crazyasstexasweather … 
@ atviassist is it because the game was more popular than expected? servers can't handle it yet? i love the game, blackout, mp, zombies, it's amazing, and i'll continue to play, but the ping is mad right now. please tell me you are aware and have a fix in the works! 
#nflying to start their new one-year project #flyhighproject with live concert on october 20 & new song #flower release on october 26. the band will then hold various events to meet fans and/or release new song once every 2 month #koreanupdates 
2013 - planned an open mic event for @ theroyalblu & j-stone (name at the time) at @ bookophilia great turn out and ended up getting tv press from it. 
hahahahhaha dude we get it you’re 20 and still wear yellow crocs! 
question: should the mueller investigation be allowed to continue? both davis and londrigan: "the investigation should be allowed to continue to its natural conclusion." #twill 
i just want a big bucket of vicks and some mint green tea 
actually, i consider gen 6 and 7 to be great looking. the only complaints are the low resolution and lack of animation. the cutscenes in gen 7 in particular are beautiful and kalos, imo, is the best looking region yet. 
i’m not crying because of everything that happened today.... i’m crying because bts brings me so much happiness and i love them so much. 
rip to a legend and pioneer of the personal computing movement, paul allen. even though gates got most of the shine, allen’s contribution went mostly unnoticed and ultimately underrated. thank you for everything you’ve done to make the world better. 
i can’t tell you how many times i’ve seen @ brenebrown’s “the power of vulnerability” @ tedtalks and i get something new from it every single time. 
so @ xylariavg was doing this earlier and because i haven't been around enough, let's have some fun. 
if you want, instead of starting each chapter as a new page, you could skip down 4 or 5 lines, write "chapter 2," skip a few lines, and begin the text of the next chapter. it would still look spacious and uncrammed--i think that would be fine. 
dems don't control what the national media choose to focus on. dems are controlling the message in their races. turn on the tv in any major media market and it's dominated by dem ads, mainly focused on health care. 
and i thank them for it deeply. especially when i was the toxic one. 
thank you for your service. not trying to disrespect you, i just got caught up in the moment. us infantry are all about the violence of action and ive been disgruntled lately with the shit show that has been life lately. i am sorry. i just think a civil war can happen. 
you have earned it with hard work and #smackdownlive has the best champion 
it’s because these people have seriously never actually listened to someone who really disagrees with them express that they think and why. their only exposure to other viewpoints is via “comedians” who agree with them mocking the other side. 
awesome and delicious looking. everyone should have a #bluewave2018 … 
why assad and russia target the white helmets … 
so no. living in nyc is not an exotic rom-com. it is a never-ending exhausting struggle of debt and anxiety and crumbling apartments that you pay way too much for, and it is a stark reminder of the disparity between the rich and the poor in this country. 
you are more than generous. and sentiments reciprocated. 
youre the greatest bffie anyone coukd ever ask for and i love you so so so much 
@ geekthehot didn't think it would happen it took years doubted me encountered setbacks and heartbreak but i'm still here did it regardless no matter what i felt it belonged to my heart carried on through the fear 
i’m getting stared down by somebody son this shits disturbing having to peek out the corner of my eye and here goes 
rafa nets and it's deuce 
sold out... and i'm not going to be there smh … 
so get rid of senators like schumer and replace them with senators like collins? i could dig it. 
pizza heaven on monday! great pizzas and great recipes by fellow piazzaiolos. the annual pizza chef of the year competition was at its finest yesterday! and once again i had a privilege to be on the judging panel. 
"the problem is... you don't learn how to run a successful business in chiropractic school!" which is why i developed the success principles private members group key insights and strategies for running a... … 
thread by @ unseen1_unseen: "1. forget the polls for a moment. they are fine to watch and retweet and are interesting in a horse race kind of t forget about them for the moment. regardless of if they are right or wrong. just act as if they don't exist […]" … 
they’re real...and they’re spectacular 
it's wonderful to be recognized in the insurtech 100 list! (and one of only 39 u.s. companies!) 
so anna kendrick lamar's "alright" and i have my doodles as their header das qool 
just watched twd episode 2 of this current season. every time rick and negan have a conversation gives me chills. also aaron’s arm.....yikes.... #thewalkingdead 
i’m with billy bragg on this one.. magpie all the way for me.. jenny hanley was mick was t-rex with sellotape and it was just so much cooler.. 
that’s a duck and there’s no sun today but neverthless, 
@ nellyshred4 hey, would i be able to dm? i'm trying to set up a xac for a friend with specific needs and struggling a bit. 
i’ll ask the person who made mine if this is any good! i did buy a 1000mg bottle on line and it was 10% it made no difference at all, with this home made one i’ve stopped all pain medication x 
taco bell and san jose r my life 
going live for the night with some #fortnite alpha tourney play sitting at 799 followers and number 800 could be you! #hellzarmy 
my feet been cold all day and this folks is why i wear uggs all winter 
i can pick up the kids for you tomorrow,too. if your still sick. /my campaign slogan is to be helpful to the amish? and worry about my neighbor. 
ppl are praising nojulz and that other mediocre kangaroo for their "charity work", failing to realize that the reason they even got opportunities they did is bc they are overhyped and fetishized 
#mychildhoodherotaughtme “bad days happen to everyone, but when one happens to you, just keep doing your best and never let a bad day make you feel bad about yourself.” — big bird (puppeteer caroll spinney retires tomorrow) 
some guy rear ended me and then he goes “sorry i’ve just had a bad day” like boooyyy i’ve had bad days but i still pay attention when i drive????? uhhh?! 
y’all , imma hold a grudge against @ hollymarieacm , she gotta the monster jackpot on ball drop and i didn’t -.- 
and there goes mr sasse's presidential aspirations.... 
i'm actually the opposite, was so glad to go back to something larger and easier to type on. the pixel 3 is too damn narrow. 
my tv schedule tonight only has #riverdale and #southpark ... this stroll over small towns usa will leave me time to catch up with the dvr later. 
"jim wu thinks it’s time to break up facebook.... he argues compellingly for a return to aggressive antitrust enforcement in the style of teddy roosevelt, saying that google, facebook, amazon, and other huge tech companies are a threat to democracy as they get bigger and bigger." … 
get home late an hour into the alpha tourney try to start one up and match making errors guess this is why its alpha 
thx,paul!! and yes i believe so 
men often allow substandard women to enjoy their dick. then if the bitch gets aggressive about ruining your life is he supposed to not admit her shortcomings? maybe he is an ass man and gave her the good ol gape! didn't look at her in the face the entire time. … 
this makes me sooooo nervous. have everything crossed it amazing news but so scared for the alternative. you are amazing parents and i want this for you so badly xx 
throw rac into the mix. effectively a phase 3 asset with a priority review voucher in the mix and nearterm npp sales into europe. mc $11m with $3.7m cash at bank at the end of last quarter! go figure... 
#1 rookie linebacker so far was impressive..but #2 across the league so far this season is way more impressive considering he wasnt even projected to start coming into the season behind jaylon smith and sean lee! … 
yeah i did so i can have more time for youtube and uni x 
yes. it’s my understanding that you have to be declared disabled by social security in order to qualify for this and the administrative law judges are extremely biased. i received a denial that acknowledged my inability to preform in my career and most tasks. yes. i have a lawyer 
imagine gettin this from a girl u don’t wanna talk to now y’all both annoyed and carrying eachother thru dry ass topics … 
there's somethin' i gotta say for all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way i been down that road, and now i'm back sittin' on square one tryin' to pick myself up, where i started from 
the woman would lift her gaze from her desk where a few files sat before her. fingers intertwining and back straight, she’d call out, 〝 come in. 〞 awaiting for whoever was at her door to enter. 
i don't hunt and i don't own a gun. this guy! needs to get eaten by lyons. while i don't have a problem with gun owners or hunters. i would gladly shove a rifle up his #@?. 
my coworker asked me how do i get my hair like this and i was like “well it grows out of my head” and he was like “no really though” i was like “for real” 
@ toddeherman todd i love the show and intend to vote no against 1639.. but it does not make u a criminal if someone unlawfully enters your home and posses your unlocked fire arm. i have seen signs and heard you imply it does 
yasssss!!!!!! so the sansa rape scene i think came out around the same time the jaime one did and the sansa rape seen made headlines....because of “how brutal” and how “it wasn’t in the book” but barely anyone wrote about jamie’s.. 
pork chops with roasted veggies and deviled eggs! #homecooked #yumo #goodeats … 
i’ll watch it this weekend and determine if it’s trash 
and separating mind from body is a human trick just to make easier our self comprehension. there is not such separation. 
why are you lying? prez obama tried to tighten up background checks after sandy hook & the gop majority in congress & the senate refused to do it. no one is taking guns away. we need to implement thorough background checks & close loopholes. and why does anyone need an ar15? 
tossing back a few ski's and looking for his next victim 
i really like what @ teachagpsu did at naae last year with charms. the students had to choose one and describe how it related to what they were learning that day. @ fosterdanield 
bingo. the idea that everyone would be holding hands and singing kumbaya without those pesky anglos is laughable 
i’m grown i can say what i want to whoever i want and i’m not gone sugarcoat shit 
i’m proud that my first born, connie, turned 45 today, my little girl, my second daughter, marquette, is my baby girl. then fedex brought me a package. opened it and i remembered my first, holding both my hearts... … 
visit the greater portland energy expo tomorrow, oct. 20. test drive #electricvehicles, learn about #solarenergy, and find out how to save $$ on #energy while making your home more comfortable! … 
i'm laughing but i'm way shorter than him jfpdnpzjfoz and why when i search for kim jinhwan on google, the first word that follows his name is height?? the disrespect is real. … 
the health isn't what changed the ttk for example, health is currently 150 and let's say a three shot gun deals 50 damage a bullet in bo3 if that same gun was ported over, it would instead deal 34 damage. 
today i needed a boyfriend to share all of my business plans with while getting a back rub and sipping a glass of wine! 
"magic is the science of understanding one's self and one's condition." - aleister crowley 
@ 4korners you're doing a sick job bro, can we get some look alive by drake and bloc boy? 
its amazing! s2 is out and it got juicier 
i hate that sm made rv use instagram the most, the smelliest stans live there. give them the twitter password so they can see our true love and memes 
i mean, graphic design isn’t even my passion and i can call this one out. 
and the meek shall inherit the earth. 
we are at the final consultation phase of our review of our school values. could all parents please complete the survey below letting us know their thoughts? thanks in advance and have a great long weekend! … 
virginia senator was the vp pick for hillary and his son was arrested for rioting! he talks real nice and his gullible voters believe everything that comes out of his lying mouth! lots of illegal voter fraud in virginia and also many more than our share of illegal immigrants!! … 
please try and edit past videos to remove any copy-righted ones and relaunch those. 
@ bingdevils that eminem song that the sound guy plays when the team comes out needs to be changed. this is a family event and my kids dont need to hear a song that says fuck and ho 
the missing saudi journalist and u.s. resident jamal khashoggi was killed inside a saudi consulate in istanbul, saudi arabia admitted in a dead-of-night statement from a prosecutor early saturday. … via @ huffpost 
sooner or later i'm gna watch alvin and the vegetable 
and pacers tbh , that team is good 
if you watched the bodycam footage and not this video you would know someone called in saying they pointed the gun or waved it towards them. 
this is my night plus i have a customer so still folding clothes. and i can’t drink tonight! 
soccer is right around the corner and im so excited !! 
my shoe game booty but i don’t know what shoes to buy....i’m tired of wearing 1s and 3s. i need suggestions pot favor 
i’m told in jersey it’s illegal to pump your own gas and i’m still confused by it … 
the self-defence. maurice and firmer faith proclaims the swedes before the peace amid the howl the names. 
gospel of the day - matthew 17:24-27 and when they were come to capernaum, they that received tribute money came to peter, and said, doth not your master pay tribute? he saith, yes. and when he was come into... … 
@ jeffreestar found and purchased this at the new @ morphebrushes store in roosevelt field mall. can’t wait to play. omg so 
you ever buy a hotel in your own town or close to it just cause you miss stayin in a hotel and you can 
one time when we were little my brother convinced me that our school took the students on a field trip to the yogurt factory and then yesterday he tried to convince me brother nature was dead smh it b your own family... 
the corn is hitting us like billets and i start sprinting through the corn like my life depends on it 
reflections over dinner with @ felixankel and @ caitweets at the #icre2018 awards dinner: artificial intelligence in healthcare, leadership in #meded, and also "stirring the pot" with your spouse...because why not?! 
hawks and the storm win again on the same day, makes it a damn good day! 
the selenium element and its role in human nutrition … 
with the #collecttowin sweepstakes, we can enjoy delicious @ nabisco snacks at @ walmart and win sweet prizes! check out how to enter here: #contest 
i’m sitting in my bed in auburn, alabama and i’m intimidated. … 
me to customer: everything is 40% off customer: are u 40% off too? me: *fakes laugh and slowly walks away* i hate retail 
3. yuta is really a man of value. besides his undeniable talents, he is also an advocate of equality and feminism which i really admire about him, he also trusts himself and cares about the people around him [esp sicheng & taeyong ♡] 
"sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." - dr seuss 
this is crazy , thank you crying chuck and crumb snatcher pelosi . 
it is the consternation, vitriol, hatred and emulation toward god, jesus, the bible and christianity in general that strikes against the founding fathers ideals. even atheists from times past saw christianity & the bible, fostering the golden rule, a manger scene was just festive 
close the border and stop the help ... until its fix. trust me when i write this , the help you send is only for the rich . #elsalvador corrupt political parties like @ arenaoficial and @ fmlnoficial are at fault . #devuelvanlorobado @ usambsv stop the visas to corrupt 
lmao i’m not even from new york and it still took me a minute to read it properly lmao … 
at the physical capacity to produce and distribute…give it time. 
this is the kind of scifi-esque tech we like. defectors from spacex and blue origin are developing a remarkable technology called ‘stargate’ to help colonize other planets. … 
what i think happened with the whole brother nature situation is one of his homies got his phone and tweeted. mfs loved doing this in 2012 
i prefer my men with a little meat on them, and im all skin and bones so i dont steal sweatshirts and shit unless im sleeping in them cus wearing them out would have me looking like a fool. 
just passed a red light and the song i was listening to had police sirens and man i squeezed my booty cheeks so hard 
at this stage of our country’s history, having them ,from both sides, serving is critical to our future. they understand the value of the constitution and the republic. us veterans, including many women, seek to serve anew in congress via @ militarydotcom 
i drop food on myself during every meal. i’m about to finish and at the very last bite i’ll drop it on my shirt. am i okay? do i need a bib? i’m 23 
nooooooo! he is stressed by being continually nominated and struggling in that environment. whilst lewis may have inhibited cameron in some ways, he also facilitated and supported cameron in one of the biggest ways possible #bbuk 
and you’re right, there is much more to this than you realized in posing this question. i also want to mention the importance, also, in recognizing who the labor to address this is placed on, as this was posed to two black cis women to address this in a twitter thread 
the thing is like, if you're working in an advertising lumber mill and the ppl above you are just sending a log down the conveyer belt at you, then they don't particularly care about what and how much work is done as long as the product rolls out the other end 
keep the women and children home lc won’t need that score board 
it gives the player no agency and the story would have worked out more if you weren't given that choice tbh. we all now how bad "choosing" your path in fates went and corrin's weird personality changes depending on which game you play doesn't help 
why not do practice runs on mixer or facebook, exposure on a new platform and your regs won't find you there if everything goes tits up 
hhhhhhh and damn ma could be my always 
his ears would drop hearing her say those words. “i could alw—“ and this was something he wasn’t expecting from her. another dirty trick. although after this he wasn’t going to bring it up. even if she wasn’t serious with her words he still felt bad. the foot to his stomach— 
bitter and sweet water can not flow from the same fountain -james 3:11 my focus is on to something better baby. #p3achydoesitbetter #stopbankingwiththewrongbank #kingofqueens… … 
and not a single one of these people has been to college. they’re the ones who taught me to think for myself, and then got mad when i stopped accepting their thoughts as indisputable facts. 
pooping for the first time since surgery and i'd much rather walk 3 miles again than this. 
#blackadderbot she's got a tongue like an electric eel and she likes the taste of a man's tonsils 
#falsecreek-fairview 14.3°c steady • dry and cool with a light breeze • barometer falling slowly 0.00mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
cnn 10 22 2018 18 33 16 trump's dangerous caravan of terrorists is 11,000 miles from texas. even wearing nike gear, they could not and will not become a threat to the us border, any time in the near or distant future. #stfuah via @ youtube 
... really, really big? moreover, it's really, really fast, and connected really, really well! 
i’d be more shocked at an olinemen trade and less shocked at a wideout or running back trade. 
snap! jeans are the worst. my stumpy legs and jeans don’t mix. end up having to turn them up 
thanks. i always felt i had a good character. you're trying to appropriate others' language and rhetoric. unfortunately, you comes across... weird. but keep at it, i'm sure eventually you'll fool enough people. as long as you're not engaging someone who knows better, that is... 
chilligan’s island aka “the romantic weekend” is undefeated. and “all the players came” is up there too … 
nah they had extra time to scan ur shit and see what to steal lol 
she and two other clerks concluded that the legislature isn’t following the fl constitution or state law 
no, a service can be popular yet still not be a primary channel of public communication. snapchat, for example, has 150 million monthly active users, but it is not, and has never been, a “primary channel of public communication.” 
. @ uppergwyneddtwp board approves several requests for weekend work on various merck buildings, and a consolidation plan for them to streamline property deeds in town 
i fucking love u and yes betch 30th 
(i hope it is clear that i’m engaging in sarcastic gallows humor and not insinuating that threats of violence are acceptable) 
love, where love >=500, and in just three minutes. with no additional words 
and that one can corrupt the rest. 
. @ cbctbay @ cbcmattprokop and @ jeffwalterscbc doing live @ cbc radio cut ins! … 
agreed. rt takes a 45-degree set, which means he was prepared to block the edge. white delays, which is part of what he and i talked about — he saw the player he was going to help in protection flat-footed in coverage, so that triggered his release on the option route. 
get the platform of the maserati quattroporta and build a new 300 and charger. also strength a longer platform and build a new yorker and imperial. 
bitches find one guy with a bmw and take a photo shoot like it belong to them 
@ loudobbs love ya lou but why do you bring people on your program and only give them less than a minute to talk about their points of interest and then got go to a different subject on a quick break. 
it's sickening-- but not surprising. anti-intellectualism and ignorance have always been a cancer in america, and around the world frankly. it's stupid and embarrassing. 
i’m always listening to music. like no bullshit i always have to be listening to music if not then i gotta listen to people talk and lord knows i don’t want that lmfao 
1/ 2 i think that "no" is too unnecessary because in fact the character rise up of himself against the difficult and that's the reason to remember that amazing movies, and finally the actresses that you've mentioned they are amazing 
and good grief, i can take punishment far worse than a boot to the chest. 
had a talk with a chineese the other day he said kenya govt is so broke it cant guarantee itself any other loan from china infact unless a miracle happens sgr will hit a dead end at kisumu. and on affordable housing the goverment has been unable to guarantee its financing too 
first time i knew abt @ sonitaalizadeh was bcs she made an awesome collab with @ miyavi_official in his song "long nights". she is an awesome rapper and everyone should support her! please show her some love! also you should check the song. it's … 
but your ancestors were illegals. betting they weren’t indigenous and immigrated. 
he was 18 when all of that happened. not excusing it. but think of all the people in their 50s, 60s, 70s who did awful shit when they were younger. people can change. in a perfect world he's sentenced to multiple years in prison and then given one more chance after he gets out. 
best wishes for a full and speedy recovery, coralee 
shannon will know how vicky and gretchen felt despite her christianity this is the woman that is her true vicious self be careful ladies always fate will bite hard on the wrongs you inflicted will bite her hard 
hello, i can certainly understand your frustration at missing a game! if you could send me a dm with your name and phone number i'd be happy to look into this further for you! -bjb 
just out here on this bus appreciating your taste in snacks and commitment to safe sex 
you don't have to ask for asylum in the country. international law allows that as a condition, but it's not part of us law, otherwise we'd only be accepting asylum seekers from canada and mexico. … 
if your wheelie doesn't go half track, is it even considered a #wheelie? @ nplewniak1791 and the #twinturbo #dirtythirty at #dragweek @darlington dragway … 
“health is measured by three key components by the legatum institute: a country's basic mental and physical health, health infrastructure, and the availability of preventative care.” you ought to read an article before you just randomly source it. 
paul, dont you know? women and children first! they're on the back of the truck 2kms up! 
cyclones stand tall and we are back to full strength 
if anyone wants to know how my week is going here it is: mikey crashed his car and i accidentally drank a spitter... 
retablos: stories from a life lived along the border - sounds like a memoir worth reading on life in mexico and the u.s. (with some shakespeare and lithium thrown in) via ⁦⁦ @ … 
for millions of years continents have moved and when this occurred islands disappeared and appeared so by those idiots who believe it's climate change so is this 
roman atwood and #gfuel are giving away over $2,500 worth of prizes!! enter here … 
#falsecreek-fairview 13.4°c steady • humid and cool with a light breeze • barometer steady 1.52mm • 04:59pm #vancouver 
byo food and drink. safe some cost on opening the food vans. all will still be in the warmer at the end of the night still 
if i won the lottery i would buy a house just for all the doggies. and they would have everything they need. 
rakesh asthana replied to each of dr subramanian swamy's "baseless and fanciful" allegations against him in a letter … 
sorry, 30 min. after a, the first train. a is normal, b is scrubbed, c is even later and packed, d arrives 30 min. after a. a 30 min. delay seems like a predictable disruption. 
@ h3artlessw i know your kids and yourself need new xbox’s as they are having issues saw this and thought of you … 
ai and societal good: a perspective from msr india via @ youtube 
kiya says she is ready and many thanks 
depression is real! depression takes peoples lives! if someone comes to you and says they are depressed talk to them! you can make a huge impact on that persons life! idk if i know you or not if you ever feel the slightest of sadness come talk to me i will listen! 
@ elonmusk do you ever get curious about antarctica and its theories ? 
i remember seeing enzo past the hallways during my high school days, and he always looked happy. it’s so sad to celebrate the first day of corpus christi foundation days without you. i pray that you’re in a better place now 
if jamie still had modern wreckers especially the rotator he would not have gotten himself in this predicament!!! how is it that his brother and mission towing are surviving having modern trucks including a rotator? jamie used to have some great trucks!! … 
you are my first wife and therefore my most beloved 
and obama went golfing 10 minutes after an american was beheaded live on tv. you never so much chirped at that one. question who gave you the photographic evidence of the bomb and why release within the first hour? copycats? you made cops jobs impossible. ass 
didn’t see a round 1 guy over the summer and not seeing any different this fall 
the audacity i have to try and give advice to someone about their well being while i fully hate myself is just amazing 
and quit being shady 
i once went to th #ap for straight news. it has been less and less that way. their article “amid bombs scare, call for unity shelved for political barbs” is one of their most biased reporting to date that i have read. shame on you! your blame is irresponsible and incorrect. 
the questions asked were very partisan, in favor of schiff and sherman who only had to answer “we oppose the president”. i wasn’t expecting such a vocal audience but it seems everyone’s upset. 
is she the one that showed up to work, sat with her producers and then prepped what they’d talk about on her show for maybe an hour or so and then apologized the next day when she got backlash? 
yep. can't do it. you just *know it* from your psychic connection with trump and fox. #factsmatter #cantshowitdontknowit 
i've fallen in love with 3 people and i still have feelings for my ex. fml 
taywan* taylor and corey davis … 
you gotta take chances if your a gm and in that stacked west it’s either win now or bust so you gotta do it imo 
i can’t wait to find out just who the “others” will be... i pray for mueller’s health and safety everyday because trump has committed so many purges of the doj, that i don’t even know who we can trust anymore in the justice department. 
halo 4 had two (multiplayer and campaign) lol 
it’s been disingenuous and they think because they’re sympathetic someone’s sickness that they truly care about the man. 
#billings4senate team meeting voters tonight at sts. joachim and ann 
yes, breaking records, some that in a good place so that he could continue the trend. here’s the thing, i don’t want him to fail because it means the country fails. but some of his rhetoric...can you honestly say you agree with his words and actions? 
one time when i was actually in school i had to write a report on gross food i had and i wrote about spaghetti and my teacher emailed me “sounds fake but nice” and i think about it often 
i’d just like to say that yes, i’m shocked and mad that trump won the election.but,that’s not where my anger and most dems anger comes from.we are angry that he’s a shitty leader.stop the rhetoric about dems being sore losers-we saw all of this coming,& know of it’s seriousness. 
my love lives until sun is rising from east and until earth is rotating around it. @ love @ 
most of them have no clue how many americans there are of french descent, and how much of english is beholden to french. if it weren't for the french, we'd all be speaking anglo-saxon. we owe the french for inventing bikinis, rollercoasters, and photography, too. 
my life was ruined by the canadian system. they arrested me charge me with arson disregard for human life. a friend of mine through cardboard beer flats at the window of a hotel room. and because no one admitted to it they blamed me and charge me with arson disregard 4 human life 
paul tyson right now looking better than taulia with a passing and rushing td. trussville leading 14-0. 
definitely not, but we aren’t seeing anything on our end. can you try to clear cache and give it another whirl? or another browser? 
i feel more threatened by domestic terror and the @ gop taking away healthcare. #voteblue #ignorethescaretactics #savehealthcare #votebluetosaveamerica 
i’m going to a costume party with my friend and i forgot my costume at home and i made a joke saying hi i’m harley and i’m founding as a sheikh shipper and my friend started laughing owo i was making a joke im going as a pretty person 
and si corbyn and daniel!!! aaaahhhh 
you're so very welcome emma ... have a wonderful evening and weekend, my dear friend!! 
episode 7 of the podcast is now live on soundcloud: … listen to us talk about scary movies, milk, and @ sigtrick eating glue. with myself, sigtrick, @ veen_nc @ thecheese_ssb and @ justjkid 
i liked a @ youtube video i know religion is important and all... 
it was a five parter, actually, and i don’t have a link, unfortunately. 
radicals are more the trend than the exception. i too have had my experiences here in venezuela; i think it arises from the inability of the individual to produce thoughts from their own and thus create a sophisticated opinion. 
i am a qc and i can throw a kettle over a pub 
should’ve been. lost on the play. but here we are. first and goal. 
friday night new wave is on the air! come join us now at to chat and make your requests! #80s #80smusic 
socialist march in london has been & gone and yet our democracy is still alive and getting ready to kick when it needs too ( hope she’s got her crash helmet on) 
i love seeing u on the timeline bc ur always feeding me with not only clc content but also dc content. ur also one of my funniest oomfs and ur the reason i stan clc. u used to intimidate me alot but not anymore! 
psa: if you deal with this much pain from your period it is not normal and you should seek medical treatment !!!!! i lived with it for years until they diagnosed me with endometriosis!! the longer it’s untreated the worse it gets !!!! … 
i don’t understand women who marry a man just so he can take care of her. bitch make something of yourself than find someone who supports your dreams and helps you achieve them. don’t give a low life man that kind of power over you 
and i was worried about going to new york. when in fact it’s happening 35 minutes away. 
also huge thank you @ sonomaabg for helping me picks out, and the person who made me my shorts! <3 <3 
ten years of austerity and that’s what the chancellor offers, get fucked! 
well done to @ weststigers on how they have handled all of this coaching business. would've been completely blindsided by ivan's decision but have managed to control the terms and go out and get the best coach available, well before the start of preseason. 
shepard smith must stay! not go! under no circumstances should this asshole be fired. it just adds fuel in their furnace. my conscience says that he is miserable at work anyway. and i love it! 
i’m from pittsburgh and from what i hear it was one of the places obama dropped thousands of illegals into. 
not a question but wanted to tell u thank u for all that u do for people. u constantly inspire others and open more artistic avenues for us to explore and soul search. thank u @ nikkisixx #asksixx 
(lowkey following us) like "you know, when someone says something nice about you, you say thank you, all i said was you have a nice ass" and we were like well that wasn't nice at all and he kept arguing with us and slut shaming my friend because he felt so entitled 
enjoy these old photos of me and des ): i miss u 
i hate tv ads and any news channel that runs ads is not a proper news channel 
aye girl, i know you like the style and the tendencies, but uh, get over it, yuh 
when i try to be cool,i end up looking so uncool. i end up saying the worst things so moral of the story, dont be cool.just be your awkward dorky self and someone might find that cute one day 
my mom is explaining her job working with the big grants of money for hopkins and i don’t even do that job but i’m stressed 
last halloween i was clubbing in lima, peru now i have an excuse to stay inside/eat and watch horror films. #nogayclub 
and for the first time in my life, i have an interest in hallmark. 
fab night at @ laughterlounge canadian legend @ mikewilmot1 ripped the place apart. also got to meet @ flatbedtonight and his siignificant other. 
just saw a guy open the car door for his girl and he slapped her butt at the same time idk about you but that's some cute shiz 
hi, this is kelly. i do apologize for any frustration or inconvenience. i will be happy to research. please dm @ fedexhelp with your name, address, city, state, zip code, tracking number, phone number and email address. 
okay, i understand being excited about getting a new phone or other new things, but come the fuck on. you don’t need to post a billion and one photos. post one, then gtfo. simple as that 
i’m driving all my friends to ihop and my one friend just randomly says “does katy perry have hair yet?” 
kellen mond and overthrown passes. name a more iconic duo. i'll wait. 
gus, its really important that we all vote, and express zero % or else the small minority with snouts in the trough could get up 2 % 
this poor worker is just trying to do his job, and it's such a thankless job too. and now he's had to deal with a gaggle of entitled whites. 
not at all. i’ve had him blocked for quite a while. but because rational disconnect is the most predictable motherfucker, i unblocked him knowing this tweet would be there waiting. and i 100% stand by what i said. @ rationaldis 
weise has actually been good. and lehtra. sorry. 
when we go to vote, how many of us feel we need to have a degree in law to understand the wording? it's like reading a contract: there's no way in the world you understand the legal-leeze so you go ahead and afix your signature to 'get it over with.' 
they certainly do exist. independents that voted for obama in 2012 voted for trump in 2016. there’s statistical data that backs that up and i know as i’m one of them. moderates and independents decide elections. that’s always been the case. they used called them swing voters. 
from now until my hair appt i'm giving up on doing it cause this shit just needs to be colored cut and conditioned!!! 
in #swfl, jobs are tied to tourism and agriculture @ karimforsenate will work to combat environmental catstrophies like the red tide that lead to loss of jobs and declining property values. #redtide #tw @ fgcueaglenews @ ndn @ 
the bartender at escape tried charging me for 4 whiskey/coke’s when i only ordered 3 and though i wouldn’t notice. 
naomi was murdered by an opportunistic predator. similar individuals have and will id themselves as women to gain access to vulnerable women and girls. 
the place looks peaceful and pleasant just to be in tbh, especially those trees and that nice bbq thing 
about to risk it all and watch criminal minds before bed 
me: *goes on youtube to watch makeup vids* youtube recommendation: *a psychopath girl thinks about killing her interviewer* me: *clicks on that and watches for the next 40 mins* guilty 
mccarthy and montgomery need to go 
#adhanechallenge when first muazzin bilal recited adhan, his pronunciation was wrong and hyprocrites were gossiping. muhammad pbuh heard them and said: "his mispronounced allahuakbar is far more right than your correct pronunciation." 
hawks and packers losses this weekend 
we would not be having this conversation if ty had ran the ball out, took it back for six and the packers hung on for the win. rams made a good football play, plain and simple. be critical because he turned the ball over not because he “costrodgers the game”! #ramspack 
it looked awful, it really did. it was so big and baggy and shapeless on me this year i was really jealous of the people who put together costumes from clothes that actually flattered them … 
ajfhkjg they're sweet.. in their own way... :_d ..... also i'm dead addie tbh if anyone is yelling "boooone?????????????" irately while gripping the doorframe it's prob bkg... todo is rosa deadpan listening to him yell and deku is amy w his face on the table in despair dfhfhfhdh 
my life got infinitely better when i started living it openly and genuinely; saying what i really want to say, when i want to say it 
for your information lincoln was a republican who helped free the slaves. we also had the nra ran mainly by republicans who gave blacks guns to defend themselves. it was democrats who supported jim crow laws and segregation. for 15 years lbj opposed civil rights act. 
say what u want ... all i know is when that clock hits a certain time , ya phone better be down and ya behind in the bed getting some sleep 
woohoo! it’s monday ! i love mondays! what 3 things are you most grateful for right now ? i am most grateful for deep breaths, for hot tea , and for having a computer ! … 
wow...just wow! and she’ll get a pass on this. 
i don't mind paying taxes and have no problem with the wealthy paying more than the poor. your further claims regarding waits are false. what we have now... rich paying least taxes. healthcare unattainable for 8.6% of population and substandard for over 45%. great numbers 
it’s hard finding a photographer. what i need is 40 images a month for x amount of $$ some lifestyle, some product photos. people will agree to this shoot 80 photos in 1 day and think that’s going to suffice i just have the same image 3 times just different angles smh 
i watch a few shows on mtv. a few times an hour they have a message , that is not sponsored, about not allowing hate or antisemitism to be acceptable. fucking mtv has more compassion and love for humanity than out shithole president. 
i remember in the 1990s when gov't finally admitted a higher rate of certain cancers among wwii veterans (ie: my grandpa) who were exposed to radioactivity when working in hiroshima and nagasaki weeks after the bombs dropped. same lies still. no help for those sickened. still. … 
cnn is a joke. a former pioneer and leader of cable news has fallen all the way past the cellar into the sewer. cnn is a trash network of has beens. they are anti president, hence anti. all they care about is sensationalism to sell ads to their quickly dwindling base. … 
big news right there-they're on to him-how did this guy become a billionaire and president abandoning umbrellas like that...wow...now this other guy, he's all over it (c'mon, this works for kreskin, c'mon) 
why does a dry snap hurt more than a read one? and why am i such a hypocrite with that? 
my 2 favourite kitty-cats just showed up on #bclionsexp! leo and phineas saying 
yup. colomentality is alice and thriving. 
acceptance in order for u to move on from everything that's keeping you from moving on, you need to accept that things will never be the same, to accept the fact that you need to move forward and there's no more turning back, it's a slow process but i know you'll get there 
506 carlton: regular service has resumed between main st station and coxwell ave. 
trump persuaded struggling people to invest in scams, lawsuit says the new york times a new lawsuit accuses president trump, his company and three of his children of using the trump name to entice vulnerable people to invest in sham business opportunities. … 
watching my sibling on #onlyconnect he is the one on the right. and i just want to say i got this clue on 2 points #bbc #brother … 
i have 579 pet rocks, and i take good care of all of them 
talk about a crowd! patriots from all over connecticut converged on cheshire tonight to show their enthusiasm for @ bobforgovernor, @ joemarkley and the @ ctgop - a great rally and an even better message. we will win hartford on november 6th. #ctpolitics 
and y’all was on my sketchers … 
[he nods, understanding the feeling.] it's the not fun part of being a hero. the worrying... but it's just something we all have to learn to deal with. [ah that takes him by surprise, but only for a moment. he is smiling a little brighter now and gently pats her shoulder.] > 
she threatens this every election and she still hasn’t moved. nobody cares about her....if anything it drives gop turnout as we hope she actually moves this time! #votegop2018 
and we're live peeps: #twitch #minecraft #streamer 
dave lee travis bans the clash and nme bans the cardiacs. birds of a feather, dlt and nme. 
i think it’s so easy to hold him in such regard right now because they are winning. when they were below average from 2011-2016 he wasn’t so highly regarded. this game has ebbs and flows, people that look great now will look bad soon enough 
oh! and she's a check writer! 
ah it’s that time of year again! where if you don’t put on lotion every day, your skin dries out and peels away like thanos just snapped. 
join us live for week 9 nfl power rankings, trade deadline discussion and a special midseason all-pro team! 
#falsecreek-fairview 11.0°c falling slowly • humid and cool with a gentle breeze • barometer falling slowly 0.25mm • #vancouver 
update: i’m alive and the they only stuck me once … 
i suppose now would be a good time to go through all the business cards i received and follow all these lovely people. 
watching the burbs and i forgot how amazing this movie is. 
i used to get really pissed if i missed sportscenter top 10 and had to wait a whole nother hour to see it 
a conversation with alvarez kings & their musical sandwich/new melodic rock and roll - justanothermenacesunday#711-10.8.17 #now playing 24-7 radio! 
thanks. simple as that. when i did see her a few times on the show she just wasn’t really a “fit” with those women. my favorite there would be cynthia. i think.... haven’t seen much but i have heard the gossip and fallout! 
@ marthamaccallum why even bother interviewing #whineyjuanwilliams , he will spin anything that will twist his warped agenda. he constantly makes excuses for crooked hillary and her club of crooked cronies 
only 26 hours remain and only 5 more "you are already rev'd" shirts need to have dinner with tilde and we created this running tally 
please join us and help wrap a child in warmth- … 
my husband @ bradcwilcox just dropped a new cover for his book headless! headless by tristram lowe makes a great trick-or-treat bag stuffer. sugar-free and promotes reading! :) @ tristramlowe #books #halloween 
myah stop. you’re the sweetest and i’m so sorry this is happening 
think im coming down with a meme and for some reason they said yes 
my dm style: guess the somewhat obscure pop reference and i'll give you an inspiration die. 
and that's how democracy works in the uk. but you seem to be saying that if the majority now voted remain you would be happy with that so therefore you would be happy with people suffering in northern towns. 
liking and retweeting. thanks jack! 
accounting career awareness and diversity program via @ youtube 
it is a political party, so there’s no need to use quotes and fire up your readers. while they’re radical is some aspects, they are also well organized and the us is currently negotiating with them to bring our occupation of afghanistan to a close. 
the face you make as you realize the herd of trick-or-treaters is thinning and you still have so. much. candy. #sadiethegoon #sadiethefiend #sadiethegoogoomuck 
farm-->home passes through north battleford and by its store. busy place today. 
amazon’s ‘homecoming’ is a potent mix of sight, sound, and intrigue 
fox's jarrett rips cnn's lemon as 'a racist, hypocrite and idiot all rolled into one' | thehill … 
@ gopleader here is something to be proud of - wow the gop has really dug deep for this nut case and found him helping the gop. no. … 
oh baby take me away... to where the sun is always shining and the sky is always blue. i wanna live somewhere that's beautiful and i wanna be there with you... 
and i try so hard to love the @ … 
ratings are in. and they are terrible! 
about to give this sticky baby a bath and watch halloween movies while we eat our cookies and cupcakes 
i read several articles—that was just the easiest graph. there is no skyrocket. that is just not true. there were ambushed that caused an uptick but it’s not part of an overall trend. violence against police is terrible and needs no exaggeration 
8 days to go, australia!!! november 9 - melbourne @collingwood townhall november 10 - perth @capitol theatre november 18 - sydney @the metro for tickets and inquiries, contact variant... … 
it’s one of those nights where i’m sad because nobody wants to hold me and tell me i’m great while they rub my booty. 
this and birthright have miller's fingerprints all over them. 
i watched the 700 club for maybe 10 minutes and that was enough. the broken old troll. also fox specialists, either those folks are getting paid real good money or they are just idiots. … 
made an exciting discovery at kroger today! i just happened to look up on the shelf, and what came across my eye? it was @bonebroths bone broth! heard lots of great things and awesome… … 
right in the feels! huge thanks for such kind and positive words! 
@ abbijacobson good luck tn at the vic! my soulmate @ mtvannie and i were beyond excited to meet you until we realized we bought tickets (back in august)....for your new york event....and not chicago (where we live and are) we’re dumb but we you forever. 
because of the inspiration of @ martysmithespn and all those (like me) living with multiple sclerosis, i’ve committed to run and finish the boston marathon in 2019. your generosity is appreciated. run boston. erase ms. … 
absolutely. the elderly and vulnerable children, ppl with pre extinguishing conditions stand to lose any kind of healthcare which is outrageous in a wealthy country like ours. it's as if he wants to kick people into their grave and let only the strongest survive. … 
no matter party or geography or any other small difference, all 28 million texans are deserving of being listened to, being represented, being served, and being fought for. @ betoorourke will listen to every texan. #txsen #betofortexas 
"because they have this enormous agenda-setting power, because bill gates and melinda gates are public figures, if they give a speech or if they want to talk to the media, everybody listens." @ peterkotecki what will this mean for their new ed policy? 
@ joesantagato & @ dannylopriore got my communicash () all fucked up. i just said “jeeezus christ” for the 10th time today, then “mm veggies, gotta get my nutch.” oh, and literally everything is fire. fak! 
one can assume that after president trump has confiscated ill-gotten assets and cash illegally obtained by traitors & pedofiles he would have goodness knows some small surplus.i estimate any where from a billion to a zzzzzillion.dear viewer u work it out. 
wheeeeeezzzzesss... this is fine... my new one blessed me with so many tama and tenn's!1!! just look forward mars lmfao 
i have an idea!! how about we start with the giant waste of money on troops to the border to feed trumps attention seeking habit? maybe sensible campaign spending and not bought politicians, perhaps some of the trumps and ilk could start paying federal taxes. 
when i toured in a band and did a lot of... "where are we staying on the cheap" in places like wis dells or tallahassee or... between omaha and oklahoma city, we had good luck with econolodge 
just beat your meat all november and nut at 12am december 1st 
just got done watching @ jay4ma in a debate with baker #ivoted early and i voted #blue. 
it's made in south carolina and pretty hard to find farther north than north carolina, but if you ever see it, get the one with the red cap--it's intense stuff. 
you mean to sit here and tell me that roy and riza grew up together while he studied under her father and only perfected his alchemy because of her her how they went through a war together and work together and have a visibly unbreakable bond & people still think they arent in lo 
you’ll know when i don’t care or stop fucking with you cause i’ll stop reacting and caring and just fall all the way tf back 
and see your face of course! 
weather in harrisburg, nc very humid and comfortable with no wind temperature 66.0f humidity 97% wind sse 0.00 mph rain today 0.00 
me too no responsibilities and no worries but what cartoon to watch or what toy to play with #simpliertimes 
i'll take your word for it. i watched the trailer and it seemed like such a different show and so uninteresting. i'm going to skip it as well. this is how poorly hoc is doing. at this moment its not even trending on instantwatcher. usually it'd be at the top in both categories. 
ignore the polls!!! get out and … 
i’m mad no limit and cash money never made a collab album together 
thank you for following up with us, lyn. we have forwarded your feedback to the appropriate team, and one of our team members will be in touch with you. have a great evening! … 
#blackadderbot well, as my tutor, old bubbleface used to say, 'make love and be merry, for tomorrow you may catch some disgusting... 1/2 
brooks heagarty with a 5 yard td run and jpii takes a 28-7 lead over baylor with 2:24 left in q2. @ jpii_football @ jpiiknights 
to every republican choosing to #votedem in this election and, hopefully, going forward... i thank you. you are true patriots showing that your love of country outweighs love of party. #gopvotingblue … 
i liked a @ youtube video fortnite and chill!!come join the stream!! 
the same way they support a crass, bullying abusing pussy grabbing liar. it is not hard. it is their character and representative of the majority of their bible's character as well. if they knew their bible, they would see djt represents the anti christ much more than godliness … 
rt @ effectsbay: sick of overdrives and fuzz pedals? check these out. 
you can still pick them up, and you can always do summer school. but, moving to a new place sounds fun too. especially scotland. but still, you have the strength to conquer this. 
britain had a nationalised business economy in times of emergency & wars. the rail network was a private endeavour as was once the police force. utilities, like gas, water and electric were still new industries which were nationalised due to world wars don't let #labour fool 
"because you never ask me how my day is going. and here i thought you loved me!" he whimpers like the overdramatic man that he is. sniffle. "but yeah, i got one mostly trick ben. he still believes, right? if not, then just the babies. speaking of, they are definitely getting a+ 
were you wondering why all those pakistanis had blond hair and blue eyes?? 
3 hours left and i get to do nothin 
if man city did get stripped of the title, and the infamous slip became an irrelevant fact, i don't think anybody would see me until february 2019. i'd be found in some hedge and unable to remember my name or what day it was. … 
when you download the navigates app you get access to part #cataloged by gates and you can use the vin scanning capabilities so you don't have to enter it manually! download it here 
[stage] 이달의 소녀 1/3 (dioπδ 1/3) "you and me together" #dionaween 
don't rely on pain medications to help with your pain! chiropractic is an effective alternative and has fewer side effects than medications … schedule an appointment now! #chiropractic #opiate 
i hate having allergies literally been sneezing for an hour straight. my eyes are so red and itchy it’s scary. 
last relationship i had looked like this...... one ruff time and it all fell apart 
but then he needs someone who buys in and with his record in big games that might be a challenge 
you’re so nice to me and ily — aw ily2 … 
i ruin things for myself all the time and then i complain about it like it isn’t my fault. 
so you get a seat right after the old, the kids, people with kids, disabled, the veterans, people with fake service gerbils, those on medication, pilots going to their next flight, congressmen/women, anyone transgendering, and snowflakes who feel entitled. 
i’ve got 13 likes for a youtube live stream... 2 more and i’ll do one. 
q: which political party took social security from the independent 'trust fund' and put it into the general fund so that congress could spend it? a: it was lyndon johnson and the democratically controlled house and senate 
@ kingjvywills and u my klub lmaoo! ie shit tho 
blunt in one hand and the other hand on the steering wheel but i’m not a felon 
yes!!!! but still, new york is out of my reach for now... so i'll just see you and the movie in 
3rd & 11, incomplete pass, and #sec, #sec, #sec. ferguson lined up in neutral zone my rear end. 
oh wow ! which one? that’s funny i was checking out his and tae’s one because i’d like to get one 
and where are the other screenshots of comparison? 
thank you all for dropping by the stream and the sub train today that was intense <3 y'all 
i was looking for a backpack that was stylish and functional for my needs. when kaybabyco sent me one of their diaper backpacks to try, it immediately became a regular staple on my outings… … 
take a new pic every day (7 days in a row), and post on twitter. no humans in the pic, no explanation of the pic. and you get to tag someone new every day (no re-tags tho. ie: you cant tag me since i am already doing it). cant wait to see your pics! 
so many little things and actions that show why we are a great country canada! let's talk and share more of these actions rather than speaks of hatred and vile by the few. no more politics of division please! #lovenothate #truenorthstrongandfree 
don’t forget to turn your clocks back tomorrow #daylightsavings. personally i think tomorrow is the perfect day to sleep in and enjoy that extra hour 
good morning rise and shine lalaban sa monday hehe 
you are the chosen one delirious! the one and only! 
meeting scooter was the closest i’ll ever be to actually meeting justin and now i wanna die 
they are screaming “get out and vote red” as much as we are screaming “blue wave”. 
someone on the saints needs to be a man and make a damn play. 
oh, you should read it, it is an excellent read. it's about the social and intellectual issues that african americans faced in the early twentieth century. 
jeremy corbyn receives death threats on a regular basis and he goes about his business unprotected and that is troubling. he is hounded outside his house by the press allowing any nutter to see where he lives. 
paulie has been a standout in current season, first he did terrible and acted like a colossal jerk (truly a high bar on the challenge), then suddenly he and natalie negrotti, his teammate, have started to win and briefly he wasn’t objectionable. it’s been a journey! 
the one i did is 6”x3.5”, and limited to 4 colours. 
i don't think i can go this year (my mantra is now "focus! focus! focus!") but this is a great conference and you should consider going! … 
with all the suckers on the web, she goes and gets the motherf@cker. 
don’t do it it’s a trap and traps are gay 
we can't get a good secondary and a good dc 
comparing apples and oranges my friend. notice some of those are controlled by rep governors. 
hindi langwaj sexy video in3gp … drake and josh fuck little sister porn video shemale fuck a young girl xnxx xxxwwm tamil sexs videos a to z xxxxxxxxporno punjabi indin film rape defloration amator jelene lesbian mi 
why is it all these liberals are the ones doing all the stupid crap high school antics? we need to get rid of bullying and these idiots would have been taught how to act by their peers long ago. throw milk in hs and end up stuffed into a locker by someone, lesson don’t throw milk … 
they will say and do anything to win 
please thank all your fellow students and graduates from msd hs for all that you do and have done to fight for better gun control laws. that has morphed into general more progressive policy. if we don't succeed on tuesday that means revolution. thomas jefferson said so! 
@ lizmacdonaldfox great job tonight calling your guests out tonight, so frustrating that they tap dance around your questions. you pushed hard and fair on both liberals and conservatives, good journalism... 
great #creakychats. thank you @ dawnmgibson and @ syncenerd_carli for being our special guests. we have so much to think about! 
@ peternash9 @ declan_egan1 @ dayle_hodge @ thegriffmiester me and @ rogers17_s were front row tonight for jersey boys in bristol !! you boys rocked it! such a great show! brilliant cast. 
my dog is happy when she eats and i just got her a counselling license on the internet. 
and y’all spending the night every weekend cause ima be scared 
let's go ahead and set the tone now. fuck duke 
catch me in a chrome lambo, and play let the bodies hit the floor 
he need to go eli ‘07. push ball upfield and no turnovers … 
oh then i’d love to connect you! i was going to add more poets to the thread. the anthology is just this one — mahwash is brilliant and has brought together some great scholars and practitioners. i’m writing about afghan american women video artists. i can just email u sister! 
#repost milliemelick with get_repost ・・・ with old man winter coming soon and fall in full swing...our hair and skin could use a dose of hydration. how does a 195% instant hydration boost… … 
lacs café this wednesday! empanadas, coffee, music, conversation. socialize with fellow latin american-oriented students, faculty, and staff. learn about the lacs minor. sbs n-320 (lacs gallery), 1-2pm. spread the word! 
i mean that sincerely. the rise of the internet/death of buckley and the inability for the right's flagships to work as gatekeepers left a huge opening for scum everywhere to market their crap. he lept at the right time and made bank off it. 
player to watch peter murray ( @ peter_murray9), qb out of james cadwell hs, nj. c/o 2022. this super talented freshman qb can make every throw, has a rocket of an arm for his age (14), is very good at climbing the pocket, is not afraid to take a hit, and a very talented rpo qb. 
check out 100 carat parcel mixed gemstones cut faceted size and shape vary … @ ebay 
there was a point in the summer where i had panda express 30 days in a row. i’m gonna try and break that record and go for 40 days in a row starting tonight. will i die by the end of this? probably 
shut up and give me the monney 
hi i just want to be a good housewife and care for my partner thats all i want 
this is both rousing and alarming on election eve. … 
she’s been fired by ncis and blue bloods. she can’t manage to keep a job. as a lib in la la land you gotta be full blown crazy to keep getting axed. 
traffic is so bad i might likely miss my first flight in over 20 years. have 17 minutes left and am still 11 minutes away from airport. should be interesting 
i agree with this sentiment (although of course i love when you visit). the world needs to hold us accountable for our stupidity and tourism dollars is a good way for individuals to do that. 
24 tips for the safety of kids - what we should not do - health education - global health discussion learning and interactive forum … 
today, only a dull-witted fool will vote for a democrat and the united states is full of dull-witted fools. 
@ egoraptor watching your youtube vid made me sad in my tummy - ggs is literally the reason i got into video games again and it's helped me so much through death of a friend, an anxiety disorder diagnosis and an abusive relationship (all in the last year.) 1/2 
my life has become an ongoing struggle between wanting to play red dead redemption ii and watching sports #gogreen 
tnx my dear and congrats on ur recent nuptials ~ beautiful pics/bride 
i'll agree with that but collins is a stud. no problem with trading up but you better hit a home run when you do. the giants look like them because reese got cute after hitting on jpp and then drafted based entirely on measurables. 
. @ z100newyork is giving you the chance to be front row famous. enter for a chance to win front row seats to #z100jingleball and be our social media correspondent all night long! 
watching the new ahs and am actual fucking para oot ma nut about a nuclear war noo :)) 
indeed very few are those who hasten to seek real knowledge. and only a few who are those who gives much honour and respect to knowledge. but rather, many of the people they speak like they possess that which they do not. knowledge is not seeked with the relaxation of the body. 
you don’t have to be a star to be heard – and netflix agrees … 
i want you to spend a great deal of your time watching movies, reading books and writing valuable words. 
i just saw this message. sending thoughts and prayers! hang in there sam!! #teamsam 
for many years, people tell me that they see different things in my paintings. and i think that’s what art is about thanks jd 
here are the same for all non-accelerating observers, and that the speed of light in 
he should went to the moon man. them hustling niggas caked up i’m sure. i feel worse for beans nigga top 5 and lost his voice and shit 
(admin) damn, us elections can stink of really rotten candidates from both sides... and i thought the malaysian one on may 9 was crazy enough... 
endigo the livestream was super cool and you are good singer 
and yet they didn’t even make the playoffs … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 5 days (since 3 jun 2012). and you? 
boyfriend material and suamiable 
but then again , im going on 25 and istill feel like icould be doing more with my life . 
next up... @ ffdejenerate joins @ md_1010xl and myself for the #7@7 #drillingdowntosolveallyourfantasymysteries... footballdiehards on @ siriusxmfantasy now. 
if we get results on hillary or obama, the country will shut up and learn to respect trump. results soon, please 
every night lately before i go to bed i make a list of things i want to do the next day and then i feel really good about myself when i get home and tick them all off loser ... 
because we go to jobs,and have no time for mobs. 
just read an article saying how the democrats don’t have a clear front runner for 2020 as if beto didn’t just give his heart and soul to his campaign. he should run because people would absolutely turn out to vote for him. 
also great, i cooked dinner then my sister, her husband and her kids show up unannounced so much for leftovers 
packing and cleaning 
the boy doesn't have a chance.. the judge is bias.. nypd will use every trick in the book. what happened to the missing 6 hours of them talking to him. how come his dna doesn't match. what evidence do they have other than him being black and in the wrong neighborhood 
and they're offering free shipping to everyone! 
he's like a mob boss. but the neighborhood is bigger, and he's done nothing for us. 
“hey, do you know where the bread, peanut butter, and jelly is?” he went around the place. “er... or where the kitchen is?” … 
at metlife auto & home, we don’t think home insurance should be complicated nor expensive. others are enjoying simplicity & savings every day, and you could too! visit or call 844-629-7796 to get your free quote today! 
is brawlhalla crossplay for switch and pc @ brawlhalla 
ukulele challenge - for @pmaxatsu. i'm new at this and i did it yesterday in the middle of text banking so don't judge. #vote … 
ark has a better roster tbh (makes sense bc #face and all) 
congratulations on being a hypocrite and an anti-semite 
strml: projects and work #webdev #php #js 
this is the kind of disrespect that pisses me off with this generation you don’t deserve the freedom we have and that they provide … 
does somebody force you into this industry? you want to be a voice and criticize people but then complain when people attack? perhaps be a telemarketer? 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 6 months (since 9 may 2010). and you? 
resign ... your children will watch your statements and challenge you one day sooner than you think 
think it’s getting to the point where it may be smart to collect personal items and round up animals in case chico needs to be evacuated. getting darker and darker over here. please be safe everyone #campfire 
i̇s bitclubnetwork ponzi or scam? they pay nothing to members and stopped mining. @ btcturk @ bitclubturk @ bitclubnetworke @ bitclubnetworko @ bitclubnetwork @ bitclubgul @ onquestbrainabu 
gonna rant**** i’m at orange leaf with bella (one of bffs (who happens to have down syndrome)) and the guy at the register does her transaction first. she pays for everything with cash to learn money management. anyway...he didn’t give her change or a receipt and i noticed.. 
this is very corrupt! if i were the republicans in this state, i would legally & peacefully protest broward election officials and take back all of the races! this is wrong! 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 8 months, 16 days (since 22 feb 2013). and you? 
i just want some pizza and a one more kiss 
today is my mother in laws birthday and i am very happy she exists having long ass convos w her everyday is my favorite and well plus she loves me for her daughter so to celebrate her i’m posting my fav text msg i received from my fiancé 
he deserves the best! what a brave and wonderful boy!! 
always know that what others people think of you is their own concern and problem,not yours.just relax and stay authentically you 
another home grown mass murderer! another fucken mass murderer. while drump was getting his base riled up over the so called caravan with its "very bad people" we are ignoring the need for strict gun control and mental health. god help us!... 
he better hurry up. they arrested 600 today and 1,000 yesterday at the border in texas ......and the caravan isn't even here yet 
i'm so weary and exhausted and enraged seeing community after community robbed of brilliant human lives because of gun violence. is this not living in a state of war? where someone in this country practically every day loses their life to a gun? 
let me ask you this: if the future is more and more gated communities with higher and higher tech security, is that the future you want for your children? is that actually a hopeful future? 
so why not send help? you’re teetering on the brink between just stupid and committing some flat out bad shit here marco, ease up. 
not that i have a big issue with it but why whenever they hire someone new it’s the same person to be hc and gm. just seems like a lot of pressure for one person and would prob fare better if you can get 2 diff ppl who knows the game 
aren’t they the same people who marched when he was nominated and confirmed 
what a welcome for debbie edenhofer! all drivers stood in applause; we are so gracious to @ ismraceway for their hospitality and tonthe drivers for their gracious applause. 
after updating tesla new software l, steering wheel and rear seats heating option has gone. #elonmusk #tesla 
good advice. 
returning combat vets need better screening than what they have now from time they come home and for at least 1 year to see how they are coping! there also needs to be consistency at all va’s! right now some va’s have serious issues which require immediate attention! 
i’m gonna eat 30 slices of pizza and drink until i can’t feel my problems anymore 
this era of being unable to have productive discussions on topics that we disagree about needs to end. it is entirely possible to disagree about topics and debate without making personal digs and attacks. 
he called acosta rude and that he shouldn’t be working for cnn, because he didn’t like nor could answer the questions. he took away wh access. a child. the black journalist he called stupid today is the 3rd woman of color he has verbally”abused”. tell me that’s ok. 
a portal appeared right below miu’s body as star popped out, grabbing both the body and petal as it flew into the portal and having it close behind it. 
this is sad but imagine in escape the night season 3 you show up in the chapel and you walk out to see the entire city burned to nothing 
saw this tweet and bought some of your ebooks :) in case you were wondering if tweets work :) 
good man. i remember when i lived there going down to the holes on carson st and seeing people drink ic light and tomato juice. 
and i’m out #moneymade 
happy to help and welcome to the world of black desert online! :) ~ avalace 
every piece. is apart for you, it returns at the right time, in. another way. never let it go forever. it's just growing. like. inventing the universe, it's a rebirth of a. old time and star. 
you are right about that. suddenly political affiliation in this culture is a reason to lose all sense of sanity and judgment. too much hate in this country right now. 
secure in my geekness, i've been a fan most of my life and the tsuranga conundrum was an incredible episode! definitely in my top 10. 
and actually helped get a border agent killed in the "gun walking" case along with fellow cop hater eric holder. … 
i'm going to go buy a bottle of disaronno and a mango arizona after work cus i can't smoke weed and sobriety is not working out for me 
michael’s little jump shut up and let me die for him … 
@ foxandfriends what's next? democrat lawyers in fl now object to deny non-citizen's votes from being counted? you can't make this stuff up if you tried. and everyone wonders why legitimate voters are concerned? what is this country coming to? 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 26 days (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
i’m not a person with threads but i was just tryna telling those dming me that i’m not interested, it’s been a rough year and i just wanna drink and enjoy my hard work. ubumnandi buyasetyenzelwa, i worked really hard guys 
no. there is no reason for your shorty driving to cause more people to be in danger. learn to drive or get off the road. i would love there to be a driving test every 2 years and way stricter on take peoples license away. … 
and your best rb is the only one who didn't fumble in the fourth quarter. 
i want to go to sleep, it’s 1 am in my country and you don’t stop tweeting 
we are one of a kind, irreplaceable, how did i get so blind and so cynical? 
is he asian? i saw a man vastly underdressed in a t shirt and flip flops with bandages on his foot on my walk around 11 am along maple valley highway by the starbucks. just sharing as he was very out of place in 49 degree weather. 
ffs just watched an ad, stating if you see anything suspicious, ie a dodgy looking handbag, or van waiting to blow up, phone 0800789123. now you'd think you would be expecting to use a number, a) more memorable and b) quicker to feckin dial in a bloody emergency! 
no he’s trash...stares down every receiver and still can’t deliver the ball....he needs to transfer 
the issue has spread so much tho even my friend who didnt care about jbj knew about it and asked how i was doing lol 
my ex had the audacity to comment on a picture of me and my current boyfriend as if he [my ex] didn’t treat me like a second option for two years and make sex a living hell thank u, next. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 8 months, 18 days (since 22 feb 2013). and you? 
is nobody gonna talk about how thank u, next and knew better are the same song 
i tweeted @you and dmd you no reply got me worried 
this little man is having the time of his life and that's me at hulkmadeus x bimbodeus dont interact x 
i think he is a fame junkie. if he had serious intentons to unmask dt he would be quiet, working behind the scenes and gathering info. 
yeah unfortunately not, my plan is to take the year off to find a good journalsim course unless something amazing pops up of course and go from there. 
still sad i wasn’t able to give jonah my coin and see mid90s in the theater 
belichick will snap him in a heart beat. ideally we put transition tag on him and match any of the offers we don’t him to take and we send him to cleveland or the bills ;). 
i voted avengers: #infinitywar for #themovie of 2018 for tonight's #pcas! cast your vote by clicking on your choice below and see who wins by watching live at 9/8c on e! 
an exploration of #fortnite sounds and #asmr this is worth your time. i have added chapter links in the description of the video to make your exploration easier. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 5 months (since 12 jun 2013). and you? 
pelosi: mueller doesn’t have to indict for trump to be impeached … all those who gave the control of congress to the #democrats and to the #socialistdemocrats are the reason why progress of the country will be thwarted for the next two years. 
i liked a @ youtube video shulk and the rest 
is amazing how some tells us how bad is our life in eu yes.. we welcomed ppl in need.. lots of them.. yet.. we are in safer place that usa. we don't have nor need armed guards and metal detectors at schools or chiurches 
harley’s lemon almond cake … harley’s lemon almond cake a light and refreshing cake that needs no icing method: cake: note: if using cake and pastry flour, omit baking powder and salt combine flour, baking powder and salt. cream shortening and sug... 
uuuuggghhh... my cringe meter just bust apart and hit me in the eye.. 
taha come and carry your people @ … 
something like this happened during the 2nd or 3rd flight of the falcon 1. the first stage separated but the there had been a miscalculation on how much "leftover thrust" the engine might have and the stage separated but then collided with the 2nd stage and caused damage/tumble. 
how cute is it when someone takes a photo of u and u think it’s gross but they think it’s cute 
had two down to two choices and picked both wrong. i coulda been a contender - stupid plug nickel! 
kinda, but not in the way you'd imagine. it's not that they are too powerful, too many weapons etc. it's that the writers have moved far away from actually challenging the rangers, creating a sense of peril and danger, likely due to marketing to a younger audience. 
he's eyes filled and i could tell he was speechless. i said papa see you served your country and that deserves a thank you. he nodded as tears rolled down his face. after 911 this happened a lot more and often uniformed soldiers would greet my dad and sit down with us. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 27 days (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
look up blair walsh highlights from last year and you’ll see why we misssed the playoffs lol 
thank you @ therealstanlee for all that you’ve done. for all the laughs, smiles and tears. for allowing us nerds to have something to look forward to and bring us together with. you’re amazing and will absolutely be missed and that’s an understatement. may you rest in peace … 
people hate the raimi trilogy, just because it's cheesy, actors are ugly, kristen dunst is annoying. but they never see the human side of this trilogy. that's why the critics and most of the fans love it 
i know i have learned lots over the years in regards to what i read, things that make me go hmmm and things that make me go ohhh, thats a good point. always learning in this biz :d 
how about stop tweeting bs and doing something about these vets that aren;t getting their benefits because of an it problem? … 
it's a slow kill. 10 more before 2020 and you'll have enough low information independents buying into the new, re-imaged never-trumper with powerful rhetorical soundbites. 
three hours with this account and twitter has already blocked me once lets see how this goes 
all, there has been a lot going on and many families need support. to help support families of victims from #borderline text tostrong to 41444 or click on the 
why on-the-job training is failing to prepare public service leaders, and how to fix it via @ skinnergj 
no need to get your feathers in a ruffle, the new features page has just what you need to celebrate vandagyre day! come check out the newest outfit, poems, and paint brushes! #neopets #vandagyre 
the market collapse has primarily been driven by certain hedge funds booking profits, and due to hft machines. these funds are going to get back into stocks soon. retail investors should stay put or else you will miss the bounce back. 
people too often focus pretty much only on mechanical problems with movies rather than thematic ones. even if there was a plot hole or a continuity error, didn’t the movie say anything to you about your life and how you’re living it? 
yup we sure are. rt @ klew24: yankee fans about to be mad as hell over ohtani winning the roy.. oh well.. get me manny and a pitcher 
i’m just going to do like the breastfeeders & @ hspoils and just throw out with no care to validity. so, a little birdie told me that sam & jason make love november 21rst. pass it along. who cares if it’s true or not. it just needs to be tweeted to be real. 
he pitch and hit.. that’s hard to beat lol 
absolute fuck shit. his contributions did not help his team win more games, where gleyber and andujar both carried the #yankees while the rest of the squad forgot how to hit. mind … 
i’m so tired of swifties and arianators arguing it’s so annoying … 
5 day work week and next week i’m not coming in.... 
atrocious customer support from @ foxhomeent — mobile site is terrible, wanted to redeem digital code in itunes (not movies anywhere) and fox says “sorry. one time use. no way to fix this” customer service isn’t hard to get right if your a multi billion dollar company. 
showed so much love dat people done took advantagewanna go away wish i can go and vanish 
for the airpods once they’re connected to your bluetooth you should be able to control the volume normally and for screenshots just hold the power & top volume buttons 
after all the server and bug issues. prob. 
uploading now and will definitely share it your way. i did find venom fun and hilarious and don't shy away from my true feelings lol, all in good fun! 
love it when you slut around so if you do i'm well up for it if you are? you tell me what to do and i'll do it babe xx 
thoughts and prayers that you will find solace in knowing garland lived a good life. 
being around. maybe he really just can keep him company through the worst phase. 
is there any place i can get any of the kids, it's been about having a laugh ridiculous stories and juxtaposition of rp in the yt pages 
dick blumenthal lies about vietnam and warren is 1/20000000 pocahantas and cortez got her bachelors degree in economics from hooked on phonics. y’all really writing home about these folks huh? 
willow could literally be dead ass sleeping and kaleb and i will say treat and she’s up and at the counter 
imagine being draymond last night and thinking you were a better option to win the game than kd, klay, or iggy. this man has a screw loose somewhere. 
aww i'm so proud james!! i love you so much and cant wait to see what else you have in store for us!! 
no one is looting and it's not because of guns. it's because they don't lack the basic needs for survival. when restaurants are giving out free food, clothing stores are giving away free clothes, and other things, people tend to be cool. weird... 
what? fr ? over the him and durant situation? 
absolutely loving that #twd have introduced 2 characters/actors representing the deaf and hard of hearing community! my 2 new favourites 
did you know realtyjuggler can help you print return mailing labels? just go to main:mail:letterhead, click the labels tab, and then click on the return mailing address to download your return labels! 
@ razer how am i supposed to get the cynosa chroma pro when i live in denmark and i need a nordic layout but only a us layout is available? i need my æ ø å, and i need that sweet sweet underglow~ 
hi amina i'm a web designer and would be happy to help. my site is my dm is open, i'd love to discuss the details. thanks, karl 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 22 days (since 24 oct 2010). and you? 
true if they are to speak and vote against it, they will have to resign before that. i'd be inclined to do it the same day, taking advantage of may's inability to think on her feet. 
libs. before you have a meltdown, go to the white house website, and check the new programs to help people. so many new programs trump has started for lower income families. too many to list on here. 
there is a few people that i know who were always asked is your friend single and they were constantly slept on. all of them are beautiful ass butterflies rn and yall missed the fuck out. 
it is officially get in your car and yell “shit its cold af” season 
i was going to give you credit, but you jumped the gun. [leaves these ladies to it, ventures off to find something dark and dirty.] 
football mvp, mip, 4-year, and sportsmanship award winners. 
happy wednesday! work hard stay focused follow your dreams and heart! #letusleadyouhome #feelingholidayish … 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 3 months (since 15 aug 2011). and you? 
and that email leads to an obligatory **click** on link.... well done pr flack - streisand effect is a tremendous statergy.... 
i just had this random pounding sensation in my life and i’ve come to terms that i’m dying soon. 
and 'uniter in chief'??? give me a break van 
¦ by letting me see this, you made my day already. it's my pleasure, little one(s). (you and lala are such cuties that i couldn't help but call you guys as little ones). i hope both of you find your happiness in each other ㅜㅜ justㅡ stop subtweeting to one another. tumaj sugar. 
@ gfgcompete yooo gg my guy, cant believe my rejects and i beat yall 
wonderful photos andy. where in hope valley were you? i live in hope valley and see barn owls often around where i live. 
i know what i know about the world i live in. if i have to die here as god's son for treason in a past life and that's the only reason i am god's son in this life, then that is what i will do. … 
they'll be the first to herald some small form of success in the arts yet will not fund or support the spaces which create this. we can't just expect the arts and dance community to thrive? why is it up to the promoters of this city to cultivate culture? 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 5 months (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
"by 2032" if current immigration rates don't change so what you want is more poor brown people to displace the poor white people and further depress wages just so you can have cheap labor? … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 17 days (since 30 may 2012). and you? 
exactly...the dems have to take the moral high ground, but they have to remind the country how the gop and fox news covered for trump these past 2 years. i'm going to enjoy watching guys like rubio defend a no vote in 2020. 
lmaooo shows how much you know about baseball. you probably like rbis and pitcher wins too 
a lot of it involved me going back through and reading episode titles/descriptions. i did relisten to a few of the frost/christman eps and the patton oswalt one 
is your back hurting from carrying your team on nuketown. go pick yourself up a new chair from @ technisport and use code ratedr and save 10% today! 
cause tonight is just like any other night, that's why you're on your own tonight. with your triumphs and your charms, while they're in each other's arms 
i’m so tired of getting id’d and them telling me it’s not my id. it’s literally just me with brown hair now give me my juul pods bitch. 
all i want for my birthday tomorrow is a ticket to the friday night buffalo show. and maybe another snow day. … 
i feel you...am soooo attracted to his pure beauty, manly body and cuteness like mochi!! @ bts_twt 
u’re always so positive and i really appreciate all your encouraging tweets bc without knowing u make many people happy with little simple things like these, love you dua 
i bet chanyeol has pink and kyungsoo blue hair. 
want to know the weight limit and maximum number of pets allowed in your apartment? read our pet policy! 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 7 months, 28 days (since 19 mar 2012). and you? 
and we go fire bazoka for you, because this body is not playing rara 
holiday season is upon us. this time of year can be a time for some of us to gather and eat delicious cultural or traditional foods. unfortunately, sometimes the holidays also become a… … 
i just heard and it hurts my soul! 
on behalf of me and my company d.cap inc. & @ dukwon we’re giving away a #thanksgiving dinner for one family in jacksonville florida area. all you have to do is email me at… … 
well done to our manager, head of diversity and inclusion - lynne woodward, who has tonight received a long service award at the chief constable's awards evening. lynne has been with @ leicspolice for 25 years. well done and thank you! 
i’m so happy to be a part of nfa, a wonderful non-profit supporting liberian nurses as they carry out their own healthcare initiatives in their communities. aaron is providing mental health services in an area of high need and we’re excited he’s being acknowledged for his work. … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 12 days (since 5 jun 2012). and you? 
no stream toniiiight going to a friendsgiving dinner :3 we’re doing another drink and chat tomorrow night tho! hope 2 c u there ^.^ 
from my experience with reading up on k9 training and most shooters, it would be pretty difficult to shoot a dog. dogs move incredibly fast and moving targets are really hard to shoot. mind you this is against sidearms. obviously an assault rifle would take it down easily. 
just me and you, and these empty cups 
per the interwebs: the iff has ties to the american legislative exchange council (alec) through its executive director, wayne hoffman. alec is the koch brothers and other #deplorables. also anything libertarian is the kochs. 
it’s a joke, jeez. not bullying. when they stepped into their current roles, they needed to expect jokes and criticism. every president has received it and taken it. he’s such a narcissist, he can’t take any criticism. it comes with the job. take a chill pill @ cheryld1025. 
we are coming for all you communists, satanists, pedophiles and pedovores. … 
just finishing work. heading home for a meal and a glass... 
i don’t blame you ,if i’d bought one, and found out she wasn’t going i’d gave mine away . lana & bex always awesome people and great actresses,and such loving hearts. 
wifi is still out and i still hate my life 
four screens and amazing bar and food areas upstairs and downstairs! yesssssss! 
aw i love you so much and right back at you 
[hey you started it and i’m not wrong ritsu is literally in izumi’s hands- 
most wanted: denim truckers and a hat sale - … 
ok so im here chillin w eli beofre the ghostemane concert and hes fucking playing jacob sartorious 
she believed she could, so she did … is what fueled “my why.” we likely have heard the quote before, and may be a bit cliché, but for me, these words ring true! my… … 
i tried to give camy a slice of pizza and this girl pointed to a plate 
@ delta flt 979 arrives phl 20 minutes early. phl doesnt have a gate. so we sit on the runway and wait. delta did the job. phl dropped the ball. 
wanted to make a new layout but photoshop wont open on my pc and i didnt bring my laptop w me rip 
first i was nervous and svared of u andnow i just see u as this emoji 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 13 days (since 5 jun 2012). and you? 
@ ericascavage erica, the reviews are phenomenal and you are one of my first followers. thank you for your great support 
lol. same. it's awesome and i'm happy. 
mikes had a good day and well i thought he deserved a treat so i dived into the bottles i bought and gave him this one. he did really appreciate it. 
alex mcleish will wrap his winning side "in cotton wool" ahead of their nations league showdown with israel after their 4-0 thumping of albania. he had nine injury call-offs ahead of the game in shkoder and wants to ensure there are no more. 
the final game in tiger stadium in 2018 against rice. if you’re not heading to tiger stadium! we've got you covered for the tigers game. cold beers and friendly faces. watch at tj ribs tonight saturday! geaux tigers!! 
join us tonight at duke's tavern & tap for the jp lastella and company trio! the music starts at 8 pm, and the fun goes down all night. 
comis to isabella again for 6! this time a 45-yard scoring strike. that’s 15-catches for 219-yards and 2-td’s so far in his final game for @ umassfootball against @ footballuga. great showcase game for #5 for the @ nfldraft. 
hahahah maybe! the more you watch the more you’ll get used to them, try starting off with less scary ones and then working your way up 
the women’s world summit foundation, one of the advisory arms of the un in women’s affairs, has presented its award for women’s creativity in rural life to ziba azizi from sistan and baluchestan province, south-eastern iran. #iran 
get ur ass up and get over it hunny 
united nations kind of shift italian, african, and the only representative of the republic of the philippines. good thing i will be saving my filipino tongue tonight. 
i want an american dream. i don't want to live in an illusion. once you come out of the mind matrix, you can't go back in. i know there is a positive future for america, but people need to #wakeup and see who the #enemyofthepeople really is. #nowwatching 
#ooc another person asked if i was mixed today and that was my hundredth one. this means i’m officially a mixed baby of america howdy 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 10 months (since 18 jan 2010). and you? 
steven universe and chill 
and when are you going to resolve the adventure sync problems 
the gamer’s paradox : do you get ready or do you play one more game ? 
i've got the #chargers teased down to -1 but i never trust rivers and this team no matter what regime is in charge. other half of teaser was steelers 0. 
more focused on food reviews but i’ll be adding travel to it, as time goes by i’ll be introducing the other colours in the jar and revealing some other stuff to review 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 8 months (since 19 mar 2012). and you? 
rebecca traister - how “good and mad” women continually reshape america ... via @ youtube 
might fucc around and get a svt phone case but which one ?? poll below 
@ mrbeastyt i live in south carolina and i’m wondering how many cookies i have to send you to meet you? 
susan from the church college ministry had alexa and i felt like i was in a get out/black mirror mashup 
and if it's too "inconvenient" to use, we won't be members anymore. 
bruh i knew i needed to come to walmart for something and now i’m here and i completely forgot what i came for 
this just happened at harvard, and you won't believe what happened next... via @ youtube 
tbh, every time we speaking in our native tongue does not mean we talkin about you! we love to joke around and laugh hysterically about random stuff all the time. so, don't take it personal when we do.life's not that serious, boo! #thankyounext 
i'd like to see them pick up the w to put some distance between the chiefs and the chargers. 
criminal mind and isn't exposure of one's privates parts illegal. 
friends, family, estranged colleagues -- my family and i and selling my grandparents home in island park, long island. the house was built by my grandfather and has a dock... … 
feel good story: thought i left my phone in the car and when i went back to get it 7 hours later was surprised not to find it. as i was about to give up looking for it someone comes to my door with my phone saying they found it in the street on their run earlier #thanks 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 10 years (since 19 nov 2008). and you? 
this is a myth and a lie, emily. i get you don't like corbyn, but are you incapable of disliking him without lying? we're in an age of post-truthism, and you're contributing to it. fact is (according to angela eagle) he was campaigning up and down the country with the 1/2 
farmers are definitely looking for opportunities for revenue when it’s not raining and solar is great for that. however network capacity has been maxed out in most places, with major risks of getting gazumped on spare capacity after investing in the approvals process. 
twink sucking black cock … analfun hillary msanzi black downloadable porn norma stitz most hardcore woman in porn maria ozawa interracial 3some nataly gold russian teenager street blowjob brother in washroom and sister gi 
superman is the strongest mortal being,but we're arguing batman here,the same joker y'all don't rate drove superman insane and started a world war, after batman's prior warning that supes couldn't handle him, superman went evil and that's the summary of the whole injustice arc 
rishikesh has made us proud! has already been to the international youth summit and now, will be one of the awardees of the "rashtriya gaurav puraskar". rishikesh vaigyanik strength to you and all our best wishes … 
every night i decide tomorrow will be the day where i wake up to my first alarm, have time to ease myself into the day, get breakfast before work, relax. and every morning i almost miss my last alarm, wake up panicked 15 minutes before i have to unlock the doors, and wanna die 
but so is trump, and look how far that took him.. 
paul ryan is an asshole. he kneels to a dangerous man. and he has many following his example. how will this all end and when? years from now. america's slide is not easily fixed. sad i am. 
which makes them so dangerous. they get power and they’ll just make it up as they go along. if people only knew and learned from history 
i can say good bye to weeb games on sony's console if these censorship keeps up. koei tecmo and gust games coming to switch so the time has come to switch. 
this one day salary deduction for every commulated one hour late (1-15 minutes = 15, 16-30 mins = 30, 31-45 mins = 45 mins, and so on) of this company will be the death of me. kapag di nila nilinaw 'to, goodbye na. 
me and my coffee: … 
‘fintech re-writing history of financial and banking sectors’ 
you ever see a huge, boil-covered queercoded man flying around and think “wow nice association of gayness with disease and depravity you rank bastards” but also “god i wish that were me?” cause i just fucking did 
but the real tell here is that barry, caitlin and cisco would never just lock up someone they don't understand if she has powers they would ask to cooperate with her rather than just throwing some innocent in the pipeline 
but my friends helped and luck was on my side 
bri and i’s was the most random meetup ever i never thought it would happen, but if you believe and push for it it will :) i love you both so much 
< so that when everyone sees it they know i'm yours" she smiles and starts to play with his hair and scratching his head "we broke each other" she laughs and kisses his forehead. 
i love the fact that you and your ilk get so worked up about president trump. you will never ascend to his level. dream on loser. 
bro rehnde kuch mat bol inko ye samajh ni ata agar aaj bhai na hote to katrina bhi na hoti katrina only use bhai for her career and when she find ranbir (chutiya) she dumped him. loser kat 
