i am officially obsessed with black mirror 
i told y’all 2018 is my year 
i hope people are more honest with me now that "it's a new year" 
he's also an asshole and i hope he gets railed every play the second half.... 
it’s crazy like so many of us just get a feeling and i want them to be okay and i wish we could do more 
bc i don't know much about mayan mythology, i don't think the plot was v good. also, it was called '21 pirates lagoon' for some reason. the colors were great though 
i love how your new label is taking everything into consideration... a true team that wants you to be successful … 
i thought this was fake, but then i saw that logan paul did indeed do this for his logang. … 
it's not what i want to hear in a pub tolga! shite 
one of my new twitter activities is blocking all promoted tweets' twitter accounts. i hope this tweet doesn't somehow jinx this, but then again it's 2018 now and the world is a wild place. #loserstatus 
i’ll remember that 
i've only had my new instagram for 2 months and i already got 1,000 followers 
same here, i feel so excited about ravi's upcoming digital mixtape and then hakyeon said they are planning for new album but then i remember that enlistment 
so my sister came to my job to surprise me with dinner & then my boyfriend showed up & surprised me with an ipad i’ve been talking about for weeks im so happy & lucky to have them they’re amazing 
i would pay so much money i know what i'm buying first 
they look good. 2nd half about to be about my favorite football term, adjustments. hope georgia gets back in it. i want to be entertained! lol … 
why does everybody tell me i look tall in my pics 
man martin working this weird shift i won’t see him at all besides me waking up for school 
i’d burst out laughing … 
ahhhh il be 25 in july! happy birthday! (i’m two mins early but that’s okay right?) haha have a good day 
i am broadcasting on live.ly. watch me now! … 
keeping my life private, all 2018. you will only know what i let you & that will only be the bare minimum. 
@ loterman23 it don’t let me complete the santa quest when i got all of penguins 
with all the hot air coming from there i don't think there will be another balloon death for 20 years. 
poor baby dont let it make u anxious. — im trying but i havent e*ten anything today and rhats not helping eitjer … 
he faked injury at the start of the season and missed our crucial champions league qualifier. he’s probably doing the same again. that is not what i call giving 100% 
i’d be more than happy to claude. 
i need to go to a doom metal show this year 
“drink?” scorn replies, a hint of cluelessness lacing her dual toned voice, the trinkets on her headdress swaying as she shook her head some. “i’ve never drank in the sense that you’re likely referring to.” she’d never really any interest in it, or seen what’s so great about it. 
i heard you been fucking w some lames 
i liked a @ youtube video 17 things i did in 2017 
49e0d774 :battle id i need backup! lvl 75 luminiera omega 
smh. i can't even vent on social media anymore cause i don't want people to think i'm trying to start an argument 
i don't understand the problem?? … 
i like that i'm grown but i'll always be a big ass kid... we got robots so where is the time traveling machine?!! 
3 days into the new year and i’m still not hot, tf man 
i know and it keeps getting bizarre by the minute 
i’m his star player that tweet still tickles me 
i am back w/ more xenoblade! come hangout! @ twitchstarstv 
when am i going to fix my sleep schedule it's 1 am again 
someone call kelly, michelle and beyoncé, because i don't think i can handle this. … 
i liked a @ youtube video iwatobi best moments | free! rin matsuoka speaking english 
@ smithadam1999 omg i have thought this so much before wtf 
yeah when i go clubbing, i go all out 
im- i have no words i- 
i hate that i sang 'we are the world' i really do … 
thank you grace!! i’m so happy too 
definitely not trump’s day...or year (i hope!). … 
i don't like #brexit – i just don't see how it can be stopped #brexit #politics 
i can’t stop giggling at this 
i liked a @ youtube video being as an ocean - "dear g-d" (official music video) (hd) 
i think "nacho fries" just means: "hands off! these are "nacho fries" amigo!" 
i liked a @ youtube video filmes que você precisa ver em 2018 - parte 1 | omeletv 
i'm just being honest haha but you're so welcome! hope your doing great and being safe out there! :) 
i'm at 池袋駅 in 豊島区, 東京都 
this is the worst thing i’ve seen all year … 
oh shit my b i meant my second baby 
now you guys need to chill. honestly if clair the peacemaker here is lost we are all doomed. i didn’t see anywhere stuart said such a thing. if my broodmares acted like this i’d take them out behind the barn and hit them smartly around the neck and shoulders with a crop. 
i have a couple friends who live there too who are gonna help me look for jobs and everything 
oh, tell me more! *i smile and rub your back gently as i hold you tight* 
i’m willing to wait, no matter how long it takes. 
one of the hardest hitting wrestling matches i have seen in a long time and man was it worth it… 
i called columbia gas to schedule our safety inspection & she asked me to spell ‘putnam’ (our street address) & i said: p-u-t-n, as in...uh...’naked’...uhm idk why i just said that...-a-m, as in ‘mom.’ meanwhile i definitely heard her & others trying to hold back their laughter. 
i’m sorry but y’all got some weird ass parents im going to pray for your wellbeing 
maybe time for a new host. i can be made avail for a few guestys #jeopardy #host #getwellsoonalex … 
when i buy my northface jacket, i'm about to wear that everyday, everywhere, all year 
wait he knew it before it was reported?? i didnt catch onto that 
@ latelateshow do we think anyone loves their job as much as james cordon does? i’m so jealous!!!!!! 
if you feel called to, please share this post. i don’t want anyone to miss out on the sale before it ends … 
i wonder why they hate on g ? 
i heard #presidentbannon is the only reason you got 
oh well i forgot about that now i'm confused 
i've decided not to carry it in my bookstore. i find it not critically valuable, the reality show version of political commentary. here are some other books about trump written in the last year by ethical and talented journalists and biographers. 
#ephorize @ cupcakke_rapper i think this is your best album yet !! 
me: no more clothes shopping, i have plenty. me to me: everything in your closet is trash. 
blease who am i lmao 
thx for checking out #ff fri fundraisers! this week, i decided to include a little something different to help with a popular resolution and never ending issue for indie filmmakers >>> let me know what you think: … #womendirect #indiefilm 
i entered a giveaway for a chance to win "2 pack inflatable salad bar buffet ice cooler b..." by wisewife. … #giveaway 
tilde and i are all cheering on this one but i wanted to try messing with the face a bit more. 
i see you are crush 
yooo dah pictures of dese walls give me life, i'm pretty sure just being dere feels good to look at 
i cant stop thinking abt kevin 
i refuse to wear a bra unless i have to 
a class can be given for on how great chicken boo at making the same joke every time. also as i mentioned elsewhere would love for freakazoid to live on as a segment. 
i just added this to my closet on poshmark: two shirts and one matching outfit. via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
@ leamichele me buying your new merch with the christmas money i received like!!! so excited 
i liked a @ youtube video people try 5-hour energy for the first time 
i just added “sweet curvy babes shamelessly” to best sexy girls vimeo on #vimeo: … 
hell yea i see u h8tin over there , jus don’t get in my way... 
but but but i want my weatherzone+ 
abraham had multiple wives. anyway, why are you even bringing this up as a topic of debate? lol, this does nothing to improve man's condition. i'm going to just end it here and let you vent. most likely you're going to respond with 50+ tweets. 
damn i hate to hear that. idk if you’d be more mad than sad; heck idk what i’d feel like 
youre illiterate and i legit breathed 
i liked a @ youtube video imac pro setup tour 2018! 
it's midnight here idk what i'm doing with my life 
but i know somebody who laughs like this … 
japan is the key counter-example. i've heard of modern monetary theory which is on these lines, but i'm not well-versed in economics enough to judge the pro's and con's, so i just said "it's controversial." which, i suppose, describes almost every theory in economics. 
i wanna go play in the snow 
i need a rest time. 
yeah, i'm definitely gonna just blame this weight gain on my boyfriend. it makes me feel a lil better that way 
" of course is it, it's stinky, it would make me puke if i had the power to actually." he's badly damaged, he can't really move that much. 
i can’t wait to get a free copy and i’ll do the same! 
i stuck a knife in my coat just to be edgy 
i liked a @ youtube video looking to a happy future with yung lean: noisey raps 
when i cried a lot. happy 1st anniv @ ibgdrgn @ 
you funny if you think i’m getting out of my bed 
absolutely beautiful, wish i could be there 
i would cry but my body doesn’t make tears anymore lol 
i liked a @ youtube video playing fortnite live! | new silenced pistol 
i’ll hit u tuesday with a for sure and i’ll pull up then 
i voted #godawgs on @ thetylt because nick chubb and sony michel are unstoppable … 
yes i am a fandom mommy. the prolapse is from the mpreg 
thanks to shitposters i can never have to work so i really don't wanna go back. 
he’s a tough qb to build an offense around. he’s not a good enough passer to warrant bringing in a bunch to receivers. it’s a bad situation. i don’t see them doing much more than they have with newton under center. 
i voted for #teamdunkirk on @ thetylt— @ dunkirkmovie should win #goldenglobes best drama … 
which one should i wear tonight? pls help 
for i can't help falling in love with youuuu 
not yet!! i hope to soon 
as soon as i say i’m a scorpio niggas think i’m pinky. i’m like uhhhh relax 
lowkey wishing i have skool tom 
the flaming hot tea is that i’m never gonna hate anyone more than i hate my mom 
i'm sorry i thought you were a writer? my mistake. 
yea i thought of you when i read about that today. oh well 
you: "you need to stop worrying about things that aren't actually happening." me: "i don't insult your hobbies, susan. so stop insulting mine." 
if you're going to come at me with "your truth" be prepared for me to come at you with actual facts. i don't give a shit about your truth; i care about the truth. #factsdontcareaboutyourfeelings #phdinsnowflakemelting #sjwssuck 
i can be under a more solid name u feel 
i want the @ browns to bring the old uniforms back in 2020, get rid of these hideous things they wear now!! #browns 
just spent over an hour in @ heb market street in the woodlands, and realized i forgot my wallet, it’s ok, i have my checkbook, no big deal right?!? wrong!! was treated as a common criminal, because i didn’t have my id, trying to pay for my groceries with a check!! #dobetter #smh 
it was this man fault too but i had to get a lawyer cause they asses was def giving me the run around for no reason 
i really need some of your positivity right now. your message at the end of your reactions it's my favourite 
i will give him a big birthday hug for you! 
#momlife #truth is that i managed to not film #thecutiekira setting… … 
someone link i gotta start this bitch and stop procrastinating 
aw thanks love, i hope you'll have a great year as well cutie, lym 
hey emily! don’t know if you remember me but i was the other #murderino on the bus going to the studio! was wondering if you were gonna get to tape that week... too bad you didn’t, but i’m looking forward to seeing your show(s)! 
i’ve been playing this non stop, such a fucking bop 
chuckie and the raiders re-united. should be entertaining... jon gruden introduced as raiders head coach, "i want to win" | nfl via @ youtube 
i was later than usual posting my contribution to this week's @ flashdogs challenge, but it's up now: #flashdogs #flashfiction 
if anyone ever has a problem with something i’ve said or done, please tell me so i can apologise and sort myself out. i’m extremely clueless so sometimes i don’t realise if i’ve said or done something wrong, & i really do mean well so the last thing i want is to hurt someone 
i liked a @ youtube video visigoth "warrior queen" (official) 
i got smoke by two ppl lastnight i’m good lol … 
i this! … 
me: h- ashlee: bitch i always look good excuse me. *tweets screenshot of song @artist* this song is so good the only perk about living in nz is i get songs early 
i really have to gain weight. i don't wanna keep punching holes on my belt 
whoa! i wanna take a minute to thank everyone who's suddenly buying a lot of #theparlourtrick vinyl! if anyone unfamiliar with that project would like to know more, here's a fun interview i did with @ cupcakegoth about it a couple years back! 
you know me so well i love you 
i am super wack and finding no motivation to talk to anybody and so tempted to even turn my phone off tomorrow... argh this is how i am going to lose friends 
i vote #btsarmy for #bestfanarmy at #iheartawards 
i posted a new video to facebook 
want to know what how i'll be reinvesting in fastcap due to the new tax plan? #speakup #2018taxplan 
i’m dying i love u 
i just watched the svu went the captain left. i’m in shambles 
bud and “bloody” mary, as i am calling them, are just different enough that they might have a future together. sure, he’s partier, and she’s into public health, but they have a bit to admire in eachother. they both want people to come together for a cause. 
i couldn't find the article, when i do i'll reply her. 
though i imagine his rejected work is something i would still spoon my eyes out to have written. 
i think people should give it all to me 
it's extraordinary how some people just cannot see that other people have different experiences from theirs. i once had a teacher who told me that menstrual pain did not exist (i suffered agony). she 'knew' this because she also had periods, and hers were completely painless! … 
try tackling it like a puzzle. outline the edges of your story and then pants away as you go from edge to edge. that's what i did with writing and it really helped flush things out that i didn't even intend, but my foundation is still there 
but you said if i don't have money, i should cover my masculine physiology 
i miss chipotle so much but naw it don’t be right 
"hello, kai. i'm the major. nice to meet you." 
so sick of not being able to sleep because my brain decides to give me a million things to think about as soon as i go to bed 
i just remembered being at 333 last year and this random girl was about to get in a cab and she goes "wanna come home with me and snuggle?" and the words i used were "nah, i'm gonna go play video games at that guy's house and get dumb lit on gas". lolllllll...caught the ghost. 
i am so excited for both the buyer and the home owner!!! i am looking forward to changing many… 
only once port for jules i can imagine at this point....... 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist modern talking - cheri cheri lady 
thanks for all the wonderful reviews of don't tell a soul. i really appreciate seeing them all. xxxx us: uk: @ bookouture , @ hellyj100 @ thrillerwriters @ kimthebookworm @ 
i liked a @ youtube video "i'm the juggernaut, bitch!!!" 
i love my kitties. they are always so happy to see me :') 
why do i have to sleep during the start of the #overwatchleague ? #owl2018 
i smell a @ kathleenlights1 subscriber lol 
thanks for sharing the amazing story once again!!! i can totally relate your lessons learned from lay off as i also was impacted in corporate restructure at oracle in sept!! 
i have a roller bottle for you(r friend) 
pic i took in my back yard 
it's friday and i can go home early today. fucking finally!!!!!! 6 hours and 30 minutes to go 
at first i thought you said she broke wind on minimum wage....but i still can't believe she didn't keep her word! that's never happened before. this has nothing to do with the election and i'm going to join a union and vote liberal. 
u right. u got me. i take that part back. still, i’m not an asshole or the devil so those just don’t pertain to this cap. … 
i can bee too honest at times 
omg i only just saw this but thank you 
i agree. i'm not looking forward to my walk home tonight 
full metal alchemist: brotherhood is sadder than 3 motherfuckers and i'm not ok. 
did i really just lose the document i’ve been working on all day 
|| i have literally no idea why i've never made a pinned before. but, there we gooooo~. 
now i'm concerned my 8,000 word story last month was too long! ;) 
yeah na at this point i just sit back & peep but i get why they say it tho cuz they thinking of old decrepit bill & not the young bill that had all that power 
and that makes me sick to my stomach, literally. i don’t want to live in a country that is occupied by such sick minds. hopefully the majority are of the oldest generation. 
get the fuck in the principles office yo knwo i cant spell and i dont wanna resort to turning on fucking autospell 
hey @ jackj, i love you so much, i hope meet you one day #followmejohnson x1 
people probably block me because i tweet my feelings and what i am going through. not my problem. 
yeah i won’t be free until later. i’ll hit you up. 
looooooooooooot of funneling at the pro level. i really dont understand how you let that happen. 
gasoline is good for you i thought 
i entered a giveaway for a chance to win "fadfay elegant white lace embroidered sheer ballo..." by fadfay. … #giveaway 
as an immigrant i think i can speak for all us when saying, go piss in your own dick, tomi. … 
y am i still not have a new sketchbook 
@ friendlyassh0le hahaha! i fell asleep. tagal mo mag dotes eh 
as her gay best friend. i agree how cute guys can be. then the ugly celebrities get famous on youtube. 
the metro tile floors were soaked and very hard to walk on this morning. i almost fell multiple times in my running sneakers. 
i'll be there! 
was told today i should be a comedian: i said my shitty tweets don’t even make me a dollar. this isn’t fair. but feel free to donate money so i can move to hollywood to be a star 
i.t. - blokes: stories of the day; bloomberg technology …, see more 
“hey dana, wanna meet up for a drink in 20 minutes?” “maybe; we’ll see what i’m doing then.” 
if someone can find me the real instrumental of family feud or remake it to 90% accuracy i’ll get on my malcolm x, black panther mixed with some dalai lama steez 
like why do i have to be such an awkward person:))) 
i don't even need to use at work... 
i do agree gary but the longer you stay in the tournament/season/cup competition the greater dependence on natural talent. 
i don’t believe he can either but i just don’t see why someone is saying he should be assassinated when if that was someone saying that to hillary, everyone would lose their minds 
rahal isn't bad, much as i might want him to be, though. he also made a late jump to respectability. 
and i’m so confident in me i know i’m not bout to pull no girl who is a 10 and that’s ok i’ll settle for a 7 
i can't read 
i like the move. good ol coach, 
so i confronted the owner(s) whose poor dog has been left outside for hours at a time barking in below freezing temp, and she flat out lied. i have 2 months worth of data, lady - nice try. time to escalate. 
fork because i’m not a serial killer 
i’ve really enjoyed x’s twitter rant today 
"error chuchu etc. are inevitable after the windows 10 upgrade or windows 10 anniversary update." i did not fuqin chose this shit 
and i just wanna shut my eyes. i'm so sick of feeling used. 
lmao wth. i still play clash of clans though … 
what happens if i can 
the other night i was fortunate enough to be with some amazing people @ cbsmiami. i was asked what investors should do. i said “seek out an advisor”. the key however is to seek out one who understands the creative economy is critical to portfolio returns. 
it’s like i’m on steroids when i’m in the car spitting bars 
given that you are never right about anything now, i seriously question your ability to predict 100 years into the future. … 
i’m so mad that movies made me think tons of hot guys ride around on motorcycles. every time i see a guy on a motorcycle he has gray hair this stereotype, this myth, is ruining my life 
there's a fine line between being prepared for an interview, and overthinking it so much you've probably literally ruined your chances already. i think i am testing that line. 
i really gotta talk less i cant upload them its taking 3782 years 
it's not disrespect,i'm a fan tryin to understand the situation i don't doubt shit bout @ mgmt_wavgang i just didnt want two of my favourite beats to be stolen too 
i’ve spent more time playing video games this past month on the xbox than i have in 3 months on my pc. guess i’m hooked 
i was counting this mans change out loud (we were told to do that to make sure the customer knew we had the correct amount) and he goes “oh she can count” loud as fuck infront of everyone i was so mad lol i quit af … 
thank you martin. i am glad you don’t see me as a loser, although many times i feel this way. 
um i think the male should have a whole different design, it looks good on female but on male ehhh.... 
i'm crying at this cuteness … 
i know god is going to get me through this period of my life, it’s rough but he always seems to get me through the hard things 
i hope your reverse psychology works 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist asmr - ultimate sleep treatment on a hot day - oily face massage, face 
ok @ chylon_thomas ... i see u 
i don’t think a safety was even close. beleive it was haden back there with him. burns has to locate the ball better but to blame the game on him is nuts. 
you think i care what other people think?i’m killing both of y’all niggas with no effort i’m good bro.. 
i liked a @ youtube video radiohead - high & dry 
i agree. i'm also of the humble opinion that toasted sandwiches should be sandwiches that are toasted, not sandwiches made with toast. … 
i bought a screen protector for my new phone and didn’t realize it’s a privacy screen so now my phone looks dumb 
you gonna miss me when i'm gone 
#1dreamboy2 i'm playing 1dreamboy 2 dating sim game here: 
i could win $12,000 because lucktastic wants to pay your bills! 
can someone be my date for a gambling cruise this saturday i'll even pay ur cover and give u $30 to gamble with it 
what, i have to declare the damn *mustard*? who made *that* up? 
i got some incredible butter last week and was able to make a whole week of pain medicine with… 
when i retweet the joke about septum piercings being "sexy metal boogers for goths" but have had feelings a few girls with said metal boogers... nice one. 10/10 genius contradictions 
omfg yes i want that 
used a protien treatment. my hair smells floral and i hate it. 
6424351c :battle id i need backup! lvl 60 qinglong 
i’ve been using it as a reaction picture for so long but i still don’t know where it’s from cursed image 
the fact i am still wearing christmas pyjamas in january is not because i love christmas it’s because they a reallyfricking comfy and they should be enjoyed all year round 
... yeah i’m ashamed of myself 
i was pretty much born with this cough at this point tbh 
if i’m the only lady i just sit. the men can follow. no need to stand for 15 mins chat chat cause i’m being polite and dude dpesnt even know he must offer us seats. nope. 
wish i could do this to 75% of those commenters. 
that time i had to force leona and rachel to a gig with me bc i knew no one at the gig 
serious tweet: i am hiking to the top of mt. whitney this coming season. would prefer to hike up with others. if anyone is interested or knows of a group, let me know! 
ok so i just ordered this script and i’m freaking out and i rewatched almost all of season 1 and now i’m blasting the stranger things album and i’m about to blast the stranger things 2 album so yep that’s my life 
“everybody shut up.” *picks up phone* “hey mum” friend 1: “hiiiiiiiiii” friend 2: “come back to bed” friend 3: *various sex noises* friend 4: “tell her i said hi” friend 5: “pass the weed” friend 6: *blasting out curse words* friend 7: “put your pants back on” 
i’m just trying to get a half day on the 28th so i can catch the nhl all star games 
if i shot my shot will u shoot my heart? — turn around and die … 
see i like her better than the bard reader for hannah. 
supposedly it’s snowing tonight...i’m finna face the fattest backwood right in that shit 
i am annoying and angry and do wear glasses 
i'm at work rn but i'll post about this more when i have access to a non-work computer 
i liked a @ youtube video every time lil pump has ever said 'lil pump' 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist panda eyes - super panda 64 
i wish the ufc would do an event in the middle east maybe in abu dhabi or dubai so i can go. 
i started a live stream on @ youtube: 
cheers for the read and comments! i know, me too mate. hearing my dad recount those dark days helped me appreciate just how bad it must've been. here's hoping they can! 
i was just looking at our pictures earlier aw i miss you guys 
i got the chika ur hahahs ;o; 
she just seemed quite pissy when she came over and spoke to my friends and i, and we didn't get a very good vibe from her, that's all. 
what the hells up with my shower. i gotta pick between hell or antarctica 
can't afford to have kids, don't fucking have them. finally an mp i can.......nope he's apologised. bollocks. fucking coward. #benbradley 
i don't think i have a few videos that i wanna make too :ddd 
bass singer richard sterban, more widely known as the bass man of the oak ridge boys. i loved elvis, gospel music, and country music. so of course love the oaks, being fans of theirs also let to me becoming fans of many other entertainers. @ rasterban 
i dont know what the hairdresser put in my hair but its sticky and malleable but kinda nice i want to play with it 
i'm sure you have contributed to last years 4-8 season, and the 11 straight years where you haven't beaten alabama. 
i thought this was amazing when i saw it. #classact 
trying to organise accomodation for a weekend to glasgow when there's 2 couples in the group and 4 singles is more difficult than i ever imagined 
rt @ ultchanyeolpark: i vote #exol fans @ weareoneexo for be #bestfanarmy 
i can't do 3pm to half 4 damn autocorrect tryna play me 
@jhoop0514 love you in so many ways. so glad i have you in my life. thanks for sharing stories today. i’ve missed you so much. love our facetimes. miss you. come visit your bestie soon. xoxo 
sounds good koz. not sure when i’ll be back since my parents moved to texas but i’ll hit you up man. take care and thanks again. 
i don't relate may b next sem i will lol 
aisfaoisdf im glad i could be of assistance, i love you! … 
mewtwo can't stand near the ledge cus then i get laddered off the side kek 
yes, i have a friend who works for apple and that was in their plans few years ago. companies like that always think on the long term. 
i can't stand this nigga 
i sing at an average level thank you very much 
yeah, i’m skeptical here career will be especially hurt by this. may be actively helped. it’s not unusual to be helped, career-wise, to have a social media mob come after you. 
fuck if i know or care. 
girl i feel you right now. … 
i know for a fact that i would be dead if it wasn’t for music 
sometimes going on aven makes me feel more alone and sometimes it makes me feel better and today it's made me feel better. but that also means i feel increasingly more aaaaaaa i want to date i could be good at it i swer 
i'm 37, but i feel like i look 15 sometimes. i have always had a baby face 
i liked a @ youtube video rihanna: fenty beauty - review + first impressions 
yes. please breathe right into my face when you sit down. that’s exactly what i needed. 
what’s up with the @ foodnetwork always being on at the gym... kinda sadistic but i’m totally into it. #carbs and #cardio babyyy 
*crying* i my pope. … 
sometimes i used my hands a lot when i talk 
i liked a @ youtube video from babylon to america: the prophecy movie | sfp 
i don't think that's how it works...not in the long run. we the people insist! … 
i’m giving away another free bottle of champagne tonight at @ rockawv who wants it? 
sunny’s photos are in such a good quality.i have an iphone x too ...but damm! her camera is better than mine 
i say things i can’t take back later 
one of my biggest fears is that i will never find anyone that truly understands me or loves me as much as i love them. 
ooooo i cant listen rn bc im at work but i will as soon as i get a chance thank u 
always follow the money. i hope this is mueller's strategy too. 
this part is true. it's not like i hate any dragon knight i am just a little disappointed when i die and i know it was him. 
i voted for #teambrunomars on @ thetylt— @ brunomars should win #grammys best r&b performance … 
just got my teaching schedule!! i’ll be teaching orgo 2 lab: sections 8 & 14! so adjust your schedule accordingly i mean, if you’re trying to have a great time and learn some chemistry 
finally the day i been waiting is tomorrow … 
2 inches too tall and about twice the weight. i can do the loudmouth and leftist thing, but i'm probably not gonna be able to pull off the lady part 
@ droskes forgot to add: our schools are not failing. such a good point, and such a dangerous (and shitty) thing to say. i've worked in schools for years, and i saw a lot of successes. 
i just microwaved an empty mug with a tea bag in it so that's my level of functioning today. 
i'm about to shed a tear cause 'solo' just came on shuffle 
ryo's glaring eyes will hopefully act as a solid reminder that i need to really get my sheeet together this semester. i also will keep the icon for a second until i actually finish watching the series. 
and then a year later little bb 11 year old me saw my first concert. cher’s living proof farewell tour. i am cry. 
streaming schedule is gonna be about megaman x as much as i wanna hear a new king diamond album 
@ mstamarcohen i wasn’t disappointed 5* #killertwist! love your thrillers but i’m also eagerly awaiting another #rhys novel?! so different - talented writer 2 switch (in what seems so) effortlessly between styles! what to read of urs next???? 
damn. i am a youngin' but it still took well over 3 weeks for me to recoup from my back injury in physical therapy. and ppl living on ss alone could never afford it out of pocket 
i can tear you up in some euchre 
i have to wait until tomorrow when i get the goddamn album. it shipped to my dad's house >:v 
if nobody else does, i know my girl @ jeanniemai will listen to this. she got #swag my friend wrote this great #eagles 
i’m ready to engage with my 9 new followers in the past week. i know them via 
i love how much recognition i get at work ugh i’m doing so good 
i love you 
i feel for you my friend, keep your chin up 
omg this is why i don’t wanna move from pearsall... my family is everything … 
is that not the best thing ever. i love her. #cadettebonespurs #trumpshutdown 
i bring fearless #creativeenergy every day & @ dropbox keeps it flowing. what do you bring? … 
got back into #subnautica and having a great time :) it’s sure come a long way since i bought this time last year, not to mention how great it’s running on my gaming pc. 
that is what i wanna see! keep it up 
i hope dua doesn't think i'm upset with her i'm just frustrated with her management 
just when i was celebrating living through the tax cut and the whole net neutrality nightmare smh. 
what's your thoughts on this? i'm with the cafe 
#releasethememo chuck schumer should have his assets frozen we should get a credit on our taxes for no work on stupid democrats that shut down of the government over daca really. i hope this fisa gets released and show the real collusion and end muller investigation. … 
hello friends, i need your help. this individual broke into a home under construction on 129th w ave north of... 
i haven't played beer pong in so long, i probably suck at it now 
o i see it alright. 
i was just getting warmed up. 
every morning, every meal and every night. i am praying for you @ kendricklamar 
sketchers is so confusing and quick like i want the song titles but i cant play it wooooo 
sad i can’t take part in the protest in new york today but some of the signs i’ve been seeing are straight fire 
never a dull moment with my bestie @ reagipoo and i. we practically jammed the whole way too fort wayne and about cried while laughing so hard . no matter what mood we are in we always have fun! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist somebody toucha my spaghett but riffed by trisngar 
@ mandoh518 i didn’t know you could freestyle dawg … 
this weeks episode of my mental illness is ruining my life show me being too scared to ask people for help with stuff i don’t understand in the math lab 
i be having the weirdest sex dreams during my naps. 
lol the only thing i've been thinking all throughout the whole ordeal is يا بعد قلبي 
//wow, am i the only one hearing crickets chirping? 
also i thought you where arrogant as fuck 
i would love christian 
did i just pay $100 for something that was $60???? 
i know but they are from pa! 
every time the patriots (brady) does this i worry that it is for the last time. then it happens again. 
& i said i wasn't sparing anymore lives... choose your poison. 
i'm so sorry for your loss @nannercatart. they're moving on and were still just sitting here lost. i guess all we can really do is leave it in god's hands and pray for the loss of the patriots.......... 
i dont even know if thats what it’s called im a child is that what it is 
been in florida for a day i threw the speaker in the pool turns out it’s not waterproof 
afterward, i said, "i don't know much about yoga, but i'm pretty sure the traditional greeting is 'namaste.'" 
sit in a sanctuary, i'm all alone i wanna love you, more of you without me exclusivity, let me be your remedy sexual chemistry, we don't show no sympathy i want you spiritually, but i need you more mentally 
why do y’all dislike justin timberlake so much ? what i miss ? 
i love this hyam 100% cotton 3d duvet cover set no inside comforter set.the colors are bold. it feels so soft and the quality is great. excellent workmanship very affordable four pc cotton 3d duvet cover, this bedding is gorgeous and comfortable 
when i was hungry, you gave me to eat. when i was thirsty you gave me to drink. they are young spirits. firmly rooted in ego. you are wasting your energy. 
thankful i got to meet and spend the weekend with such amazing people @camp christian 
i spy the beautiful @ saraunderwood wearing our mirrors bikini. #girlswanttohavefun #lilanikole… 
sometimes, i just don't understand these feelings that i have.. 
i took such a good nap, i don’t even remember what i studied. 
i honestly can't control what i do completely and whatever happens happens where ever. 
your welcome!! and i meant to say i love your little smile! 
i feel like i’ve become a boring bitch since i started school. lmao that ain’t me. i need to get the old ellie back @ babygirltei wanna help me bring her back.? 
*first day as a serious musician* manager: you're putting too much flavored syrup in the vanilla lattes. me: you won't talk to me that way when i get a record deal! 
i love when i walk past a group of boys and get called a slut 
i should block you 
i'm in so much pain all over 
i prefer to cut out the middle mane and get straight to the source. 
i mean, are we shocked? 
that is the least surprisingly fact i've heard in a long time. 
oh, i think a mistake has been made. but by whom? 
going to be a great episode i'm sure! 
sudden realization that i got 159 followers within one month... 
if you're serious about this recco, i'll check it out. is earthsea better than/as good as tad williams' "memory, sorrow and thorn?" 
i'm just happy to be off and on my way home. 
i cant find a copy of it here in where i live and i sadly dont own a ps4 i just own a ps3 thats it 
co-owner k tried to kill me while i was drinking. 
am i the only one that has noticed numerous ex-husker players either under achieving while at the university or overachieving in the pros? which one is it??? … 
i liked a @ youtube video the making of kendrick lamar's "love." with teddy walton | deconstructed 
i would never say such a thing 
saw a french bulldog for 5k & i had to turn off my computer lol that’s a 1 series 
i’m actually impressed, you lasted 2 minutes. #thedumbingdownofamerica 
debating on if i should get a baby sitter for my birthday. i don’t want to go out or anything. i just want to feel what it’s like to sleep through the night again lol 
everywhere i go dat stiiick on me i can't let a nigga piiick on me 
i’m with you. he gives no attention to gun violence in return i will not give him the attention he so deeply craves. #boycottstateoftheunion that is the fake news!! 
i'm using snap + for snapchat to add new features to snapchat for free! … 
i want this dog 
i guess you haven't face with dumb twitter haters cult hm? 
i'm so sleepy but cant sleep, u know?? 
>we all like. "dad can you help me? oh hi mom, where's vi?" [i nodded taking the science textbook from luke as he sat beside me.]"i put a picture of on my snapchat and all the girls loved it." ( @ abimatthews_ ) 
okay... time to set up new laptop... farewell, old one. i'll miss your free office programs. 
i followed. 
i liked a @ youtube video zhiyun crane 2 | complete real world review | 3 axis gimbal 
one side of me really wishes he had somebody to love and do romantic shit with. but the other side of me hates love. so i dunno 
you know i don’t cook . and i’m at home i really ain’t fucking w that man! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist smackdown jan week 4 pt2* 
i dont have the movies on my laptop but like, the subs on cr (for the show at least) are horribly timed so idk if i should buckle down and watch the movie on cr or what 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist 5 types of teenagers!! 
i still don’t know why people are eating tide nor have i tried to find out because i don’t have any more evens to give. 
i once knew someone that was deeply distraught about what kind of protein shake they should be drinking when their workout. they were 50 pounds overweight. 
i feel of all the people in the cast, you would be the most down lol 
i did this. from akira to one punch man, espers are hella bad ass. 
if you were to look at @ kaleybclay and i dirty dishes, you would think our diet consists of only coffee and wine. #seniorsemester 
man i wish there were someone to go after the most powerful sexual predator on earth. oh wait, never mind. 
dee i don't know if this will help you but luffy ate a magical fruit that granted him rubber power called the gum-gum fruit. which is why he says that before every attack. 
i try to avoid consuming all warm or hot liquids such as coffee, tea, hot chocolate, urine, and the like. 
i understand, it was very unprofessional of me. if there’s anything i can do to make it up to any artists i can do my best. i really want to do what i can to redeem it at least a little 
@ ronjohnsonwi i see that johnson has once again recaptured the throne as gop laughingstock. he's currently among the all-tim leaders for holding on to this title. close contenders are perenniel faves choootspah bachmann, steve king and gohmert 
i don't think the brewers will move domingo santana but stranger things have happen. i think they will likely invest in either arrieta or darvish based on this move. 
he was so thrown off like i know this btc ain’t just bust the moves out 
he is . ok he’s not hiding, but i’m keeping my ass in the other room cause his face is cute and i’d like to keep it.. 
i’m with you jw!! 
i think i’m in love 
yeah... it sucks having to change pots n pans and even blenders every couple years. if i'm able to get happycall in calgary, i definitely wanna get me some. 
i think we need an official weekly @ dnd_advleague podcast hosted by @ mercyfuldm on the #dnd twitch channel. @ onnatryx? whatcha' think? 
i do this at least 5x a day 
i mean....who thought this was a good idea? 
i’m thinking about even throwing a bigger rager this time. bring the whole agg to this event. i was 17 when i threw that, cant image what i can put together at 22 
the best attractions disney has (worldwide) are honestly the ones that don’t rely on screens. i don’t want more universal “movie rides”, i want immersive environments. give me another 22-year-old “indiana jones adventure” before you give me another screen simulator. please. 
the people i work for are so rich that they don’t even go by their actual names 
seeing the sweet and encouraging comments on tao’s instagram makes me happy, but i’m so sad that there are still people calling him greedy and saying he’s whining for opening up. like it upsets me so much 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist vlog || walking my border collie baby! 
hmm i wonders watters ares goingz onz toz dayz *giggles* 
in between whether i'm social enough to go to mr. vg tonight or if i should go home and watch bbc pride and prejudice. 
of couse i'll have a washing machine & a fridge. 
i’d honestly give cardo got wings a son 
this is the greatest tweet i have ever read. i laughed out loud. but, now i am thinking of adding to my collection of tattoos in something related to your work. 
during my nearly 30-year career in law enforcement, i’ve learned that investigations involving the exploitation of children are some of the most difficult investigations conducted by special agents and local law enforcement. 
(we were on a plane a couple of weeks ago in this photo. she's my service dog and is terrified of flying. i had to dope her up to get her on the plane! some service dog!! i was her service human!!) 
(to be clear, i wouldn't imagine i was beth. i made up the people i imagined & they had no relation to anyone real or from a story. but i often named them after my favourite characters in books. i imagined them as though in my next life (!?!) maybe i could be them. weird me.) 
hey guys, i just posted a bunch of sketches on my alt account, check em out if you want … 
if i ever told you i loved you i meant that shit 
it helped me when i was forced into seeing someone. i wouldn’t have gone by myself. i am speaking from my own experience. your ‘anyone’ assumption is wrong. it might be worth considering that you are not always correct. 
i heard they had better hats than the women's movement. 
that would be great if your sister or someone could get it! i entered another comp. not out of greed, but because i’d like to win a for my my younger daughter (i have 2 daughters). it’s nice to win & to someone! my younger daughter has my beautiful grand baby & no 
stream will be starting as soon as i'm home! grabbing dinner in a rush from @ wawa! starting with @ laserleaguegame til 9pm et, then not sure what after! 
i hateeeeeeee fortnite omg 
i'm vicariously watching the game through my tl and i'm loving it 
rt @ cwolbach5: with the kids figured i'd give him his chocolate bags 
he is amazing awesome and he has accomplished far more than i thought in his first year as potus. he needs us, those that believe in his plan to redeem america. be part of the restoration. take a glorious ride on the trump train. see you there. 
i can imagine how that girl feels 
my mom is tight because i don’t agree with her logic on how something should go. why you so angry ma? 
eat both. make a stew with both chicken and beef and add your favorite vegetables and some hot sauce for good measure. man i gotta go now. that made me hungry. rock on pat man.!!. 
when jiyong said 'helloo, how are you?' and tae only spoke un english because he was afraid to say something wrong but in the end he said 'i love you very much'. after seungri saying 'friends, ladies, helloooo wow wow i love mexico" aaa i'm crying ññ … 
i have so many opinions bound up inside me which ‘the man’ is not letting me set free. 
i’ve been working on mastering that for my whole life 
i scanned myself with the tricorder. including the neutral zone border? i see you two have met. in return he would get... eject the chamber on my order! 
many smarter people than me have offered thoughts on #holocaustmemorialday, and i’m at a loss for words. instead i’ll offer a paper that changed the way i though about history, and the history of the holocaust. … 
question about 18th february. would there be a meet and greet? just curious @ markiplier @ crankgameplays @ apocalypto_12 @ lordminion777 @ muyskerm (plus i got the tickets for my birthday) 
i have so many potential icons in mind but i don't want to leave the one i have so what are we gonna do 
i made a meme about you, please look 
i quess she had one or two in herjust curious isn’t the word b-tch a derogatory way to describe women ? 
i did the craziest shit trying to get to burger king lmao missing a turn can fuck up a lot. 
i’m so so sorry nick , thank you for spreading words of wisdom, please join us june 8 or 9 in wisconsin, fighting against wrongful convictions and corruption in our justice system, we need change, we need a movement, we need a leader !!!! … 
@ arrow252525 just heard little big town won an award at the #grammys i remember you enjoyed them. made me think of you. hope you are well. 
i love sam smith so much 
dyon does this thing where he makes plans with people and then makes he be social knowing i hate it 
i know what you're saying, but trump has stated desire to obtain all social media passwords for anyone entering the us..(this may even be a pre-requisite for us entry now?) so i expect we'd all get crucified. 
yeah, f the police! i'm a rebel! 
really great interview. at first it was just something i wanted to read, but by the end i realized it was something i needed to read. 
aubameyang scoring the winner against spurs at wembley i can see it already 
@ bensplatt just won a mother effing grammy i’m crying so much #grammys2018 
every day people should say sarah rose is brilliant and amazing. i would also expect them to say sarah rose is beautiful! 
hahahah i need a salad at this point smh 
that's very weird, "do not murder" isn't what i'd call esoteric? 
that. was. fucking. mental. thank you so much @ yungblud i won't forget this one, see ya soon 
none of the ship are harmful for me but it's just me there is a lot of ship i don't like but i ignore them and let ppl enjoy their favorite ship i'm waiting for rovio to officially announce anything it's better when it come from the owner of the birds 
i feel like a kid again, learning to write japanese. 
i haven't seen a positive review of this yet and after the video i seen its a no for me dog … 
never lmao if i fk with you enough i will blow yo shit up. fk around if you want to … 
there's a person on the tokyo travel guide when i get home.... 
i need a james reid in my life! … 
sza she brought her mother and grandmother i love her so much 
hadn’t considered the draft tweets! caught the rumor tweet on the subway and it was confirmed before i got off at my stop....real time reporting! 
i honestly think jagr still has like 5 seasons in him in the czech league. 
bored so i’m finna go get another haircut 
i'd never sell that top. too sentimental. hahaha! i wore it to ibrox for the rangers vs marseille friendly quite recently yer man @ retrogersshirts often has it up on here, though. wouldn't be surprised if you see one in the next few days! 
i’d like to go for a pint with levein if i’m honest. 
hey i see i got 2 accounts 
i promise i'm not laughing......much!!! 
i've started an account on artpal to sale my art, maybe in 300 years i will have enough money to buy that penthouse. lol. 
one day i want to be like bon iver so i too will be able to write "(bird shit)_" on my work without anyone lifting a brow. 
... what do you mean the cowboy bebop manga was a shojo that's the best thing i've ever heard 
i liked a @ youtube video how to use bright eye complex with mary radford, rn 
… … there were jewish colaborators too? but i think, they were victims of germans rather... 
saw #tomhanks trending , thank god it was not what i was expecting/feared 
i get why they gave up all that??? 
i mean it's easy to say don't let it get to you, but sometimes ya can't help it 
bad erotica, or *good* erotic--yeah, no, i'll admit you're right on that one. 
i'm fairly certain when it turns midnight on jan. 31, calendars around the world are going to turn jan. 1 again. 
when i'm back at computer i'll send you decoder site 
not really, i’ve had teams i thought we wouldn’t win and yet we pulled it off 
i wonder what percentage will go this way? any guesses? … 
the channel x: super bowl predictions special will be moved to saturday. not sure if i'll do a regular episode as well. i'll keep everyone posted till i get better 
the light of my darkness. my power on my weakness. my medicine on my sickness. the smile on my happiness. penjaga kewarasan (yg sebenernya sama ga warasnya kyk aku.) i couldn't ask for more. thank god he is here and mine. 
i truly apologize for this making me laugh harder than anything you’ve ever posted. 
haha it's a logo end of discussion... if this hurts ya... ya must have a easy life.. cause i got bigger problems #savethechief 
doubt it. house republicans have shown no will to hold trump accountable. now i wonder why? 
word? i thought he had another year? 
i would rather hear wakanda’s state of the union 
i bet jeb!'s sotu would have been just wonderfully adequate. 
yeah his actions were inexcusable and disgusting but since he was a large part of my childhood, i’m going to choose to mourn him vs celebrate his death. 
i’m going to stop complaining. maybe it’s just not my time right now. 
there's literally nothing you can do - not enough inventory or drivers. i've tried from three separate locations. 
i respectfully disagree. - chef gordon rumzei … 
i know there is every chance i’ll regret this, but that there is a welsh team that @ scotlandteam can beat. bring on the principality... … 
i liked a @ youtube video 2pac - last muthafucka breathin lyrics 
would you let me smash if i told you who i was — alaaaa … 
@ smokehijabi thanks for noticing me omg i’m freaking out 
i liked a @ youtube video vybz kartel - when since (alliance diss!!!!! life after death riddim) 
hoping i make it to my babyshower lmao 
can we both be a snapmatic couple? i love taking couple photos in a virtual game showing how sad and lonley i am 
i just want to nap 
my grandma calls me &she never/rarely ever calls me, when i answer she goes “oh i meant to call your dad not you” and i told her “ok bye, love you” she hellllaaa ignores me and hangs up. lol. i’m lowkey hurt 
that’s true, i guess i just wasn’t used to it with danny’s screams, either than on some r&r songs. i like it now though don’t get me wrong, i just didnt at first 
...that blue stairs thing is just inconvenient to everyone. but yes i agree. 
i don’t know that pirate cat has a gender and that it is pirate. i’m trying to be polite over here. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist we never freeze - (official lyric video) w/ ugandan knuckles 
asking for the opportunity to show and demonstrate with them how it would look and sound. it also has to be something that i have done with success. novel ideas that i haven’t done can’t be “sold” as easily. 
i am their fury• i am their patience• i am a conversation en la paz, baja california sur 
if i was ake i'd have been throwing up wanker signs after his goal given we recalled him for six months to sit on his arse so not sure why some were moaning about what was a fairly reserved celebration (to what could have been) 
i think it's self-destructive for black women to push the narrative that black men don't want black women when their relationships don't work out. i've not heard anyone accuse black women of hating black men. they're partners in the failure(s). #marriedatfirstsight #mafs 
i see this. 
i should never be trusted to drive a vehicle of any kind; not because i am a lousy driver but because i tighten my grip on the wheel with every passing truck. i look in the newspaper every day for that one headline of a car crash where they simply don't know what happened. maybe … 
quick reminder; put it in your phone if you're prone to forgetting things: "i will not look up to kim kardashian because fame is not a determinant of success in my life." 
what i don’t understand @ realdonaldtrump is that why are you making mexicans look bad ? why are you making blacks look bad ? why are you making muslims look bad? but not your own race!? 
i’m so serious yes 
i been really wanting some nachos with shrimp in it. 
i always tweet about my life on here. you just don’t pay attention. 
goodnight i love this man only 
i would fight you i feel sooo disrespected 
thanks for joining me today. sorry the internet kept crashing. if i get it stable. i'll try again later. much love to you all. 
i know it's a lot to ask but is anyone up and able to run me home from stewarton? 
i'm also the only person on the call who is not male presenting...so that's extra special. 
man i love this show … 
i can smell his fear 
me too, i’m still shook off it...i had to take a break 
them: i'm looking for something serious me: … 
now i know what you've thinking: "how long can this go on?" here's the thing: officially, history is scheduled to keep happening indefinitely at a rate of ten years every decade! that's too much history! can you learn it all? even trained historians don't know all of it! 
this girl who i sit next to was wearing makeup, which she looks pretty in. so as class went on, i began to think of compliments i'd give my future gf. it would be along the lines "sup cupcake" and "no. you actually look like a cupcake." #backhand 
i have my comments locked so only friends can comment. shoot me a friend request when you get a chance. tell me in the question area who you are. 
this can mean two things i suppose. the book was always non-fiction and described real events with different names. the other option is taibbi and ames lied about it being non-fiction in order to manufacture and edge of sexual behavior that was acceptable 18 years ago. 
if no one can respect my life choices then kick rocks i don't need drama in my life. 
i started a live stream on @ 
i cant wait omg … 
i guess two pans then miss. *pans of what he doesn’t care or care to know it would be a little adventure* ( @ mlp_flagstaff ) 
if mark likes michio and i like kaoru, we can battle out our kiyoteru interpretations but in separate characters this time. ...all right, kaoru isn't that much like my kiyoteru, but it's what it represents. 
i try not to get into the mind of the modern wrestling fan for fear i'd never get my sanity back. 
"i will always love you" by dolly parton is always on the fuckin friday pregame playlist sorry boys 
she's a lady na i'm so proud of her 
i'm curious, if yahoo is going to have two separate players, what's been the challenge? there's been chris young hitter and pitcher before. if he was dual eligible i'd see a problem but unsure with two separate players what the issue is? looking forward to the release either way. 
i saw an interview with michael che (one of the head writers) and he said he likes racially-charged humor. 
i love that we are gonna have a guy on our team that goes by the name moose. 
no....not at all....even in the slightest....out of respect for someone she is very close to...and i’m also very happy with where i am right now so please stop being a dumbass boatler … 
i almost scared to ask ( as your answer will probably be 300 miles away ) ...but where are you ? x 
clarification: i'm impressed and proud 
i've really been getting back into the groove of giving absolutely zero fucks about what everyone else thinks, and let me tell you, i am so much happier. 
i'm ready to make this fried chicken, candied yams, collard greens, macaroni, corn bread and banana pudding 
omg i seen your face w this expression 
i don’t think hollywood has a kinder and more thoughtful actor! you are so special to these kentucky girls!! loved the showman!!! have seen it multiple times! 
i’m pretty sure he has better stats 
i told you it is because they think it would be ridiculous to have such a debate 
i'm sad that valentine's ney is 8 stars. she seems like an awesome sub. 
then found blender base in living room box, and other half in pantry box. i never found lid for crockpot. it's a principal thing here... 
i thought extra time was mandatory before a replay. 
and the unanimous point was simply mentioning that obv some voters might feel he isn’t either. that’s all i meant. 
i was dead yo 
i haven’t heard that in a while 
well it comes back sometimes ^^; but at least i'm aware of it and catcg it from going overboard 
and nor will i! … 
apparently, lady gaga, has fibromyalgia? i know this, and it is bad. the wife suffers excruciating pain. maybe lg should get her claim in quick for dla, as when pip gets to her, she’ll be stuffed? i hope esther mcvey isn’t watching her? 
hey trump i didn’t know you were a witch. well you’re not one worth hunting 
@ jheil i think you’ll like this one … 
i remember that. took the kids to see the tall ships & replica endeavour. they loved it. guess that was the start of big oz day celebration. guess that was hawke’s fault. but howard ramped up the gung ho patriotism. 
don't worry i don't want anyone else 
i forget i have 130 total, 78 of which sounded pretty... 
so should i follow her evan? 
i thought that the only place that it would not happen would be in the usa and to see this here... truly makes me very sad! 
what is wrong with this sick bunch! their sure not acting in canadians best interests. i cannot recall a more destructive out of sync gov't in my life. he has got to go no doubt about that, and sooner the better. get off your hands backbenchers do something!!!! 
as a @ atlantafalcons fan, i'm up for @ eagles. go get it!! 
i'll be happy for like a day and then it ends 
i hear you. just gonna have to disagree slightly on that one but i see where you coming from 
i want the eagles to win cause “eagle born, eagle bread, eagle till the day i’m dead” 
i hate jake elliot 
well i’m sure that won’t haunt them... 
@ americanair i’ve been on your plane - flight 374 out of ord to lga - for over 6 hours now. diverted to phl for over an hour - no water offered, no deplaning. pilot updates after the fact. this is #horrible #americanairlines #customerservice #poorservice 
i think lily and rufus. jenny’s been such a disappointment. i want her to go back to fashion. 
i've watched this 10 times already … 
you're not focused on trying to marry me you're focused on trying to save the world i love that about you 
every time i watch these guys lay out and catch a pass, then skip on the ground like a ball, i am happy my job doesn't involve getting repeatedly slammed into the turf. just sayin'!! 
i agree 100 man they’re going to kill them on that 
i love me justin! lol #superbowl 
this is why i love rick riordan … 
i want philly to blow these boys out 
i swear to god niggas be smoking dick 
i would do anything for a shawarma rn 
roger made a sandwich consisting of: bread left behind on my journaling, but here's what i did last weekend!! 
so tired all day but wide awake soon as i get into bed... why 
it's already niall horan trend i'm voting for #slowhands by @ niallofficial for #bestlyrics at the 
i'll miss waiting for her car pics every sundaaaay! you did a good job, chichoo! … 
i know it's not f*tish talk so it's just mmm a courtesy i guess. 
i guess it's up to you to make it... then get yourself banned (but it'll be worth it) 
lmao just thinking about what i saw is giving a headache like it wasn’t serious but still i’m going insane 
oh alright i thought maybe i missed something. thanks 
i love everything about him 
that's not the point. the cheek was uncalled for and as a loyal customer i didn't expect that. not cool! 
that's my issue at the moment. every time i think of take away, nothing takes my fancy. don't like pizza, don't like chips, don't eat red meat and can't bear cooked tomatoes or carrots.. rules out a surprising amount... 
tbh i have enough saltiness in me rn to salt the sidewalks by my attitude alone lol bye 
artists appreciating fellow artists >>>>>>>>>>>> t e l i c e v e r s i n c e … 
ik we didn’t talk much but when we did at wrestling tournaments i laughed my butt off. you will be greatly missed. rip rhys 
ok ok scratch wat i said earlier bad trade gnr 
a 1st and a prospect seems steep. which is why i'd balk. 
i voted final weeb, but i also want mhworld. 
i really might hit new orleans this weekend. 
not the response i would expect from a respected academic. definitely the response i would expect from you though. 
weight/weighing// since going on my walks and cutting out buying fast food i’ve lost 8 pounds part of that was probably from getting the flu but who cares i’m counting it 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist jeannie shows off her breast workout trick! 
yeah i know. 
i haven't blocked anyone yet on this website, but i am really close to right now... 
soon soon! i’m arranging a few last things about the merch and shippings! … 
i had a lot of shit to do today. mind you. i just stood in bed. all day 
listen to i will never lose by triggamarci #np on … 
b69fe1a2 :battle id i need backup! lvl 75 celeste omega 
john kelly, i refuse to use his military grade, is a disgrace to the armed forces. within a very short periode of time, he has damaged all his years serving the us. all thanks to the 
i cried … 
also a danger... as is going somewhere else to fuck that up too. i think it's a good thing overall though. 
i liked a @ youtube video todd edwards & mj - hd 720p 
i don’t want to be “that girl” but i totally broke my nail at the gym 
my little brother got upset that i watched “my bloody valentine” without him so he watched while i was sleeping, now we are watching it together 
i am surprised no one has made movies yet about the assassin creed series, especially the ezio trio... those have... 
maybe one day i'll finish it 
i did, he has never made any game 
i finished it off with "sounds about white, doesn't it?" and honestly if i don't get an a for that line alone 
hi @ robdesphoto thanks for the follow. we really appreciate your support. it is such a privilege for us. i hope you have a happy and prosperous 2018. cheers-jacqui 
you had a eli super bowl run type of night (helmet catch year).. and i was still able to break even so i’m not the slightest bit bothered lol 
lmao man i love him. he’s gonna be my mccullers this year 
how did i not know 91.5 was in warren? thank you for the map! 
i cried a little over this one. still can't believe it was a judge from the republic of ca. there is hope. 
yes we were, lmao. hence why i wanted to move away from you.... lmao 
delete your whole tweet because i fucking smacked you. the question wasn’t rhetorical. obviously. 
at least you’re getting to sleep in! i need to get my butt back to the gym in the mornings. thanks for making me feel like a slacker! 
how many followers do you get everyday? i got 3 in the last week. growing daily with 
its for jar's toesucking ways i mean gil's 
an i don't care for air play, i rather go live online playing air guitar in my air jays. the air play is a con, air that out like nick cage. i'm waving bye to the air waves. smile on my face talking with my mouth full of wavy lays. 
which one should i get? 
i can’t tell if quincy has lost his damn mind, or is the hero we all need.... … 
there’s nothing i hate more than asking people to do things for me. 
overheard a fight on the subway so now i'm laying in bed staring at the ceiling hope everyone is having a fun night!!! 
i know off-white is like the traditional "overpriced garbage lol" site but please. give me this 
not at all but i be hella comfortable n chillin there all day 
i lowkey miss the alley but idk if i wanna try to go there sober 
how i decide what to clean: step one: discover where the cat wants to be. step two: quickly remove anything breakable or in her way. ---complete--- 
they cooked the juicy lucy burger... i can’t get over this dudes teeth. i checked twitter just to see if anyone else was disgusted lol 
god forbid one talks to other people on the bus. i might've never have found my wife! 
i ain't come this far to only get this far... 
definitely feels like a return to more normal markets where there are actually corrections which last more than a few days (i must be showing my age!!)...time to keep your powder dry...and be ready for when this turns … 
really hope i feel good tomorrow. in desperate need of money and leaving work early is not ideal. 
i really enjoy my space 
i’m not a supporter of any type of group, but would ut tell blm to stay out? i’m sure that when i served in the military it was protect the rights of everyone, and that includes free speech. 
we have to research a photographer and on the list was a scottish photographer who does landscapes and i just.... ahhhhhh! 
i support conservative campaigner. you can download the official app to help out: … and give me credit: 
i see the guys tryna' holla girl i don't wanna bother you 'cause you're independent and you got my attention 
i pledged to the right thing to my country and my future . 
“yes, i was a subordinate but i was also a free-thinking, 33-year-old, adult married woman & mother.” wut?>dem: #metoo applies to 'deeper issues’ than his affair with subordinate married to his campaign adviser @ cnsnews 
ah, adrian. you with the clever pirate references again. strange. you might have thought i had already heard them 10,000 times? oh,wait! 

i just added this to my closet on poshmark: on romper. via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i just really want my boobs to stop growing :/ 
i hear you. i think it's a significantly different when you're diagnosed with chronic illness as opposed to being born disabled - that's not to say there aren't still mental struggles in both cases but regardless how you feel is valid and often it's one day at a time 
i'd rather see mw2 or mw3 tbh. my two favs rn 
i love @ amyschumer … 
i love jacob so much, thank you class 
can we fall, one more time? stop the tape and rewind oh and if you walk away i know i’ll fade ‘cause there is nobody else - gotta be you, 1d 
i was dying the other day bc i realized the bottle of hornitos you took to my house is still in the freezer i was all *gag* lmfao 
often seen; “you don’t understand calvinism!” no, you are making understanding and agreement synonymous. i understand gravity which has often kept me from hurtful falls. 
george and i at chinese drive thru i wanted her to say “an den” so bad!!! 
sometimes i feel like riding my bike to my job just to get those dinamita chile limon doritos 
@ zak_bagans i know it would mean the world to my friend if you could check out his youtube page and give him some support he is a huge fan. its called timeless evil and the videos are amazing. everything wierd and straight up strange im sure you would enjoy it thank you very … 
hello 2 everyone in twitter land..... i'm just feeling blessed and thought that i would say hello because life isn't easy but it is what you make it 2 be so whatever your going through just pray on it and god will see you through it 
bol bit like my twitter when i returned today. 311 notifications & 1576 earlier ones... 
i’m a male and i’m offended 
i love (1) happy and fangirling man 
“i’m having this conversation with you now. i’m talking, but i’m thinking, feeling, smelling, and moving. yet i’m concentrating on what you’re saying. so that means there’s more things going on in the body than just the present thing that the person’s got you doing.” #ornette 
i’m laughing right now because of this thread 
i liked a @ youtube video we're not joining team 10! (age restricted) 
let’s eat i like this lineup! payton better show the suns what he’s worth 
i’m just trying to show you love 
just smoke me down and tell me i’m cute 
i'm totally a yoshi player because yoshi story stole my heart and never gave it back, but waluigi or boo are close seconds! 
omg i'm pleased 
i started wrapping my flag around my leg and niggas ran off with it lol 
i am about to set the dogs on my lead, and am currently piling up rocks into a small mound. this might break me tho. … 
i'm thinking someone stole his real phone. wonder what they gave him instead? gophone connected to walmart servers maybe? … 
yall i saw a rumor that there are accounts that tweet the hashtags so you can rt them and then close to the end of voting they'll deleted the profile so votes can be erased. be careful who you rt from. #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt 
//damn. i have a lot of catching up to do. i'm so behind on replies. 
every false flag of reunion news broke my heart until i finally drove to kentucky to see them on the first leg of the reunion tour. 
not gonna lie i’m pretty jealous that msu has arby’s as a basketball sponsor #arbaes 
y'all got to understand though, this is the 1st time she does something like this with an artist that i like. bts are special #btsarmy #bestfanarmy #iheartawards @ bts_twt 
i need my best friends around me 24/7 pls bc i am a lonely miserable mess without them 
i find this kinda creepy :/ … 
then i’m ok 
tea or coffee? — water (and hot chocolate for comfy anime viewing, like mother fucking yuru camp). sometimes i'll... … 
ohh i love stories!! will have to be soon for sure! 
tell me why i just bought an xbox one and a year membership just so i could play fortnite 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist gzuz "was hast du gedacht" (wshh exclusive - official music video) 
i love this boy with all my heart wth he so cute for???? 
i liked a @ youtube video cannabis 101: what's the difference between indica, sativa & hybrid? 
mine was on the radio in fresno , california ohhh shit, i see you bazz ! doing big things. @ bazzi @ b95fresno thank u for playing this 
i took a gamble out with tron justinsun is definitely active on twitter. don't see why it won't go up again. good name people do jump for names too. crazy as it sounds. 
i'm knitting this for a pattern they gave me and it's this yarn … 
والله خير 
if you really think about it, i mean really put the effort in, go full force on this, i’m sure you can imagine a tweet better than this. 
so my mom is making me redo my grad pics...but i don't really see anything wrong with them??? 
hey @ vodafonefj i'm getting my ecard done. is this the right place? your outlet in mhcc. let me know please. vinaka 
i'm out here getting lectures on selling ethically but this motherfucker turns around and makes $100 on commission in a day wtf 
hi i dreamed that i was a parselmouth, hanging out at a chillaxxed hug orgy with friends, and my localish pal stush had a pair of snakes who wanted to hug and explore a lot. we could also use a dail in the car to chamge the cloud cover and make the stars brighter. 
wow. i needed this. … 
i love jimin #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ 
time for more home sweet home i guess 
i want nsync to have a fight the whole hour, but succeeded in finding umaru snacks 
sure, and labour doesn't even want to raise income taxes. i don't trust them to be social democratic in any way. 
dizzy reed- ‘i celebrate’ – out now 
i broke one of my own rules. and now i want to ditch the class i teach to play breath of the wild. i am haunted by paragliders. 
oh. glad to know that. i was considering downloading their app but... let's not do that then. 
my bad boy album tracking has been stuck in one place for 4 days... i hope its not lost 
i’d like to thank my sponsor , netscape navigator, for being everything lycos isn’t. namely generous, kind and open to creative thinking. 
i'm trying to keep it together but it's so hard when you just lost everything in such a short amount of time. these past 8 months have been complete hell and i'm hanging by a thread. 
i’m always down to accompany you 
why was the package delivered anyways. i thought the usps n other shippers are supposed to check for these things after the huge anthrax deal years ago 
i'm still resisting the urge to get publicly ruffled about this, but uh, i gotta say, it's really not great to have my financial future for the next 6mo just kind of up in the air for *three full weeks,* especially when it's a major publisher. 
how did i not notice that?!? 
you just told me last night that i'm way out of your league, you can't flex on me. 
i feel like i’m 3 years away from hosting my very first galentine’s day 
first live event together (world war i) 
roy put his bow, which he was working on, down for a moment. sitting next to her, back against the header of thr bed, he stared at the wall, thoughtful. "good question." he said, and eyed her. she looked so dazzling with her permanent smile. "i'm not sure... how about you?" 
it feels like morning cos i've had a 5 hour nap again ffs. 
yeah, i’ll send you the address … 
i always knew you were a chick... 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist semi-automatic (music box version) - twenty one pilots 
i bought this dress and it arrived today ! can’t wait to wear it to my ceremony rehearsal & rehearsal dinner ! 
i pledge that part of the proceeds of every shirt purchase will go towards a bunch of creepy daggers and shit. 
yes; preferably when i’m there please lads 
i hear a lot of good things about this show. i'm not a fan of star trek. should i watch this? 
ooooh good one! thanks so much for asking, i'll answer this for sure! 
he said “you think i’m out here cheating on you” 
i’ve been stuck in a reading rut for ages and i finally finished the book i was struggling my way through and now i’m so excited to start on my pile of 15 books hahha 
because i'm stupid, my first korean song :') #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt … 
just three minute orz on which channel was it? i usually watch my morning news on tv asahi. 
i already feel happy now thankyou, sir. 
"i want it all, poe." he whispered, looking up at the tree above them. he imagined them having a family here on yavin, in the place where poe grew up. 
@ victoriawjhl i was out of the area for 2 years working, but have moved back to the area. i want to say welcome to the area and keep up the great work!!! between you and i, you a fair sight prettier than the other weather people at wjhl!!!! 
thank you my love, and a happy valentines day to you as well. i couln;t have enjyed this ride without you. love, family, life,and music. xoxoxoxoxo 
lmao aye, if i recall, we ran out of gas in oakwood and 20 mfs hopped out a pt cruiser n helped me push your diesel i was asleep on a case of natty … 
you envoke violence, so i'm surprised you even acknowledged a shooter or shooting. i'm sure he voted for you, so once again feel really really proud of your supporters sir. really really good guy, but make sure due process first. innocent untill proven guilty, so he can vote . 
honestly, i kinda start accepting that juve is just made for italy. if one day we won the big ears great, if not i always enjoy winning anything tbh. last year's final was my last high hope they win cl and i believe it was their biggest chance after 98 final. 
oh how i love creating for valentine’s this new pillowcase i created has a special place for… 
i fully support all kids who drop out of school to avoid bullies and violence. #dropout #strike #schoolsafety #studentwalkout 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist central oregon golf - top 100 courses shine 
i can’t tell you how many posters i’m on i haven’t shared because of this reason. 
honestly im like the nicest person but i also have a temper which sometimes i can’t control sorry 
while everyone’s going out tonight i’m stuck in bed with a stomach flu 
i literally hate distance:( 
game: casting that fire spell on these enemies brings out their demonic side me: oh same binch! so i should do that, right? game: demonic dust bunny is now powered way the fuck up and takes out half one of your party member's health in one go me: so i should do that, rig 
if no maga hat as i don’t see one you should delete this post 
that’s a good idea; i’m going to look into that! 
the energy you give out is the energy you’re going to receive.... i really don’t care anymore 
i liked a @ youtube video demi lovato and simon cowell - funniest moments on the x factor - season 2 (5/6) 
i wasn’t referring my comment to you. 
this is why i’m a advocate for stricter regulations on gun control. this is ridiculous that it is almost march and we have had almost 50 school shootings!!!! congress (republicans) wake up 
her butt is really dumb! like i hate it! and i hate tiny ass too! it’s just too big … 
because you clearly see on the attached chart two pairs of five up. each five is a or c. i will record and post an introductory video explaining the main idea of ewt modifications i use 
i don’t get how they got it in the first place 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist french music in french cafe: best of french cafe music (french cafe 
my birth weight was 200, i repped two plates on my way home from the hospital 
why is it that everytime i wear something remotely cute, the people i want to impress aren't here. 
i am not on he left not have i ever been so please stop with that bs. military grade assault weapons do not need to be sold to the public. plain and simple. 
i literally hate being ignored more than anything 
i know, my poor students 
i think it’s fair you may not. if they law doesn’t help any. it should go away. if it affects rights it should go away. it also should have mandates on the mental or past diagnosis. i fear them going and instituting laws that make more paperwork but no benefits. 
it was a fight the whole hour, but now i know what i'm buying all the $2 copics i can get my mitts on 
damn i should’ve woke up earlier 
great, now i’m pregnant … 
happy birthday to the biggest guy i know gotta see you again soon so we can celebrate! love ya jpd 
just trying to understand why would anyone need a ar15 ?? honestly i know nothing about guns, the only thing i have ever heard is that ar15s are used by single sick lone people that are out to kill so many so fast???? 
i think it pathetic, we're in debt in the trillions. yet [fake do gooders] want to encourage illegal immigrants to break the law to stay here. why don't dreams go home and make their dreams come true in their own native countries? why must we support 
i'm sorry but i can't seem to even try the 2 on 2, i hear the only thing that is good is the new map. please do something quick 
//finally, the best gif i could have for my account xddd with many thanks to: 
i don’t know how you do it, rené. kudos, man. obviously, you got nothing to work with here. “spoke the universe into existence?” yikes! 
i wanna hump gunplay girl atleast one time lol #thinkingoutloud 
it this trump probe a magic mirror where people just see what they want? i've got lefty tweets saying trump is finished and conservative tweets saying it's vindicated him on my timeline and i don't know what to believe. 
we had a few bomb theats when i was in high school. my kid isn’t school age but i’m sure i’ll be just as much on my toes when he gets there. i agree measures need to be taken. 
gross there’s a snake on the couch ... totally joking but i had to do it 
a lot going on there. you know that i can't multitask watching this stuff. my hands were where??? 
i’ll see you tomorrow … 
i'll probably just buy em off amazon i owe the library money lol 
only a little distraught that when noah asked me what american snacks i wanted sent to me for my birthday my heart screamed bush's baked beans 
sister: sometimes i like to roll my sunroof down and blast my rap music. me: why? sis: because then people are driving by and they hear his music and then the look i and see this really skinny white chick. me: 
do i know the good thing called spam — obviously yes … 
@ toddeherman i vote to keep the conspiracy theories segment. 
who do i want to be offended on behalf of today....hhmmmmm.. 
i can tell you, the government (malcolm turnbull) didn't like the truth getting out so they shut it down but now we know what's happening we, the public, are not buying the lnp bullsh*t. 
they ruined snapchat. i ain't watched a story since last week 
some people spend friday nights drinking and partying. i am spending my friday filling out legal forms for self-employment. (this is not meant to be elitist, i am actually very poor.) #adulting #futureentrepreneur 
thanks so much! i need to start playing with lineweight again!it would be a nice exercise to try to replicate this again even with this being a year+ old. ^^ 
because you have kept the word of my patience i also will keep you from the hour of temptation which shall come upon all the world. 
i have a new follower on twitter: osman sor paraibano trabailo nu comesios ei jerais patos… 
new picture for w&m: nick butts. i’ll let y’all make the jokes 
can i get to draw two cards from there?! … 
can yeri post pictures again i miss her already 
hey, i thought @ ennisesmer was supposed to be the net-savvy one 
i never use any of the week has been tarnished 
i liked a @ youtube video king dice explains to the devil why he's their (cuphead comic dub compilation) 
i bought like 4 comme des garçons top ahaha 
i liked a @ youtube video come closer - antisepticeye remix 
i wasn't there 
you’re saying that the odds-on favorite to win and popular vote winner didn’t actually wind up being elected, and that proves russia didn’t impact the election? i don’t follow. 
nosedive is such a masterpiece. i'm so proud of my baby jongdae #exol #bestfanarmy #iheartawards @ 
someone on ig just asked me if i was a cam girl and idk if to be flattered or insulted 
so let me take one shot, to the brain and i order three more shots, i’m going in 
how do i get a copy?! 
good story. is it also illegal for someone to vote from a residence that they do not live? i understand college students vote from their parents address, but what about an adult? 
@ firstknivesclub this game is gayer than i expected. 
you never heard that? i grew up 2 hours from dc and i have heard that a lot. 
damn. what a good friend. i’ll sell u mine for $400+shipping 
i mean, that's kind of hiromu's thing. 
i’m sure he’s thinking... “payback is only one week away.” surprised he didn’t meet dillion on pit road. … 
in economic terms? we struggled outside eu before we joined and would again if we left. i fear uk will suffer my line of work i see lots of in-depth analysis of brexit and it's not looking good for anyone. 
after our brief exchange here i'm p convinced elbow gets a lot of fans who want to meet him he seems p cool. i'm sure it was a good day for mr howard stearn, i like meeting ppl i admire too. elbow, did he have you sign anything for him? 
i remember watching that awkward moment for zac efron, but i ended up falling for michael b. jordan & miles teller more. 
i don’t trust players that play good with the patriots besides gronk 
so you’re all ignoring me...it’s because i’m gay and british right. 
all i know is chamois time is training time. so by that logic your shower counts as training. 
and yet the oilers are still a tire fire . the expansion draft can be altered to make lv a contender but no way should they be given another 1st overall . i call bs 
shannon & i out for a new #adventure along the #appalachiantrail @ joshuagates @ desttruth @ travelleisure @ travelchannel @ 
i’ve just read up on the show online. fascinating goals of showing how nazism didn’t rise out of nowhere and that there are similarities today in germany. 
one of my sweetest friends around! i enjoy talking to you and seeing you on the tl. i hope things have been going well with your job. also i don't know how you survived the ronpa wait 
nothing i hate more than a disrespectful child spouting off. obviously, he has spent too much time in drama and not enough time in american history 101. maybe he needs to watch the old abc cartoon "i'm just a bill." his pants are too big and so is his rehearsed mouth. @ … 
i find how @ ammallon drapes her stance with the veil of “equity, access and inclusion” to be particularly offensive. people are dying on the streets of cambridge, just b/c they walk or ride a bike. 
i screamed and said “im fine” but im not fine. look at how precious he is and he looks so happy 
i got iron man, winter soldier, civil war, avengers, gotg all above it without a second thought 
i liked a @ youtube video u2 - with or without you 
n i got way too attached that wasn’t the plan 
everybody keeps talking about girl scout cookies and i have not seen one single girl scout yet and im appalled and hurt 
wait, so they actually want me to come?! - me when i get invited to an event. 
russians too! i think that's why i relate to this movie so much. it's like the irritation and the attraction go hand in hand. 
thank you mr. president for putting our country first. you are to be respected and admired. i am grateful that you're our president. 
florida law you can buy a handgun or an ar-15 at the age of 18 but can’t buy a beer until you’re 21. i’m just saying let’s make sure responsible ppl r gun owners. i know some ppl who have a felony conviction but i think depending on the crime they deserve a second chance. 
i love this get food delivered from any restaurant join doordash! you'll get $10.00 if you signup through this link 
i smoke weed to relax my mind i go through so much that’s why i smoke to kill the time 
i am in love with this new song … #axactjaalicase … 
hey yo i love you can you love me back please … 
i found a use for this shit 
yes this is what the @ florida teens are up against. i stand with the teens. … 
i put my mic down my throat and this is the noise it made 
final markdown?! i'll take him! … 
>> this fandom use to be apart love and fun. i've this seen fandom turn to toxicity and i won't lie. i was apart of that problem but i've decided to change that. not bring drama at all on this fandom and account but this needs to addressed. if you think you have a right >> 
i'm still salty that i lost that megu-nee phone charm. 
|| i always feel bad when i write a person that i worry about them, or they need to chill / relax before they do a reply. just want everyone to know that i think the person behind the screen, and how they feel is way more important than any rp etc. 
usually when @ becky_marie12 comes over we just watch netflix or play pool, tonight we walked five miles and i’m so proud of us 
yes!!! i need this! 
ok... and? this doesn't negate anything i've said. 
i can’t tell what’s funnier, adam or city of stars being sung in the background 
i'm crying this is too good 
“some people run to the altar but i should be running to my taxes refund” @ nicoleseas 
i just voted for miles bridges for the @ wendys #woodenaward. cast your vote here! … 
i couldn’t stand komu getting hurt in "the little match girl," and remembering now her getting hurt (spoiler) in "wanitokagegisu (swimming in the dark)," but i just can’t wait and see what’s been planned. #wedcamp @ wed_camp @ kom_i 
every time i post a recipe, i think of this guy. he is funny...to me anyways. 
i miss that store 
you’re right and i hate that i still do this shit x’d 
it feels like parody, but i've been on twitter for too long, this is the type of stuff that hillary fans say to be sure, i checked the guy's profile, and it quickly becomes obvious: -he's a russiagate nut -he's a #resistance grifter -he's an 8 percenter who hates bernie 
sayori knocked her head, i hope she is alright 
this is me. like i literally shut down. just leave me alone. … 
finally, i #knit a lap blanket for myself! very 
i’m so happy i could cry. i finally get to leave the job that’s made me miserable and have a consistent work schedule and income. i get to gain some real world experience & my own insurance/benefits plan. one step closer to my dream vacation and new vehicle. 
will breezy x d jew, mathews,sebente & yaz b street kingdom (prod by mr 
bitch ass cop wrote me a ticket for legally switching lanes on slauson and van ness. i’m hot cause i’m fasho fighting it and nobody got time for night court 
after three months of river hating every food i’ve offered him.... tonight he ate two bowls of chicken alfredo 
a3: i experience this nearly every day as a new teacher! i am constantly wondering if i am doing something right, worried about what i might be missing, or how i can improve so my students get everything they need. #milamkidsdeserveit 
i just remembered i got paid today!!! now i wanna go play some cards, but the gym is calling my name. 
i'm very interested in thing's like that and i know they're celebs etc but bloody hell the build up was quite embarrassing 
i think i have the video, i was dying (of love) .... i don't want to cry tho lol 
i have so much homework lol i'm going to start at 7:30 
i’m nervous to post my first sketch of 2018 because my sensei @ mikedaikubara told me “at least… 
bro l don’t like the way you said that 
ok so lauren wins #thebachelor i'm calling it. 
i've heard " you can't change the world" i say "watch me" #womenintech 
just as i am 
@ kathielgifford thank you for being so bold for christ. you shared what i share in my book! god is not a god of religion he is the god of relationship. #willdone #bold #jesus #relationship 
i remember this joint … 
hey @ case_file i’ve decided i don’t want to wait for part 3 of silk road so you can just dm me a private link. thank you for your time. 
provavelmente o danilo pode fazer esse budget na boa like dat em hollywood... but i'm just a young nigga don't tell me nothing 
i started dying my hair green, and right after i slapped on a big glob of hair dye, i realized that i had put away the blue dye in the green box, and my hair was once again mostly blue. fuck 
filed under "things i never wanted to read on the internet" 
it takes me 6-9 minutes to load into a game, i cant move without my game freezing and my fps is always below 16, is there anything i can do other than quit the game in general? i think that's my only option at this point @ riotsupport 
so coupd i yet here we are. 
i guess because to most people it seems slightly better for you than gatorade/powerade because it's artificially sweetened? i actually like both gatorade and powerade a lot. ever since college, i've been drinking more of them than soda or most other soft drinks. 
i didn't think he could play old but it's a delight to see @ connortrinneer - now if we can just get that enterprise miniseries... 
shrek is lit, y’all need to come see it so i can give you programs 
me after i've worn my retainers all day lol 
i think i have to make a lot of money 
i swear every time i see a picture with cap vs a cosmic threat i always think wow he is underpowered for this fight compared to his pals. then i remember he is smart and a leader and can kick butt with the best of them. 
disney is cute but ummmmm only if ur like really obsessed lmao i’ve been here for 5 hrs and it’s not all that 
thank you so much. sorry i'm being hard on you :( 
i wouldn't it means you're gonna look like a old fecker in a few years. especially if baldness runs in the family. 
yeah and i disagree with him doing that. i also disagree with him on abortion and universal health care. but calling him stupid, or an unmitigated trump supporter is patently false and dishonest. criticize him like anyone but do it from a position of honesty. 
i liked a @ youtube video black panther - speedpaint 
cool i'll add you tonight when i get home from work, hunt a diablos with me cause its the worst i've fought so far lmao 
3 words better than "i love you" i need you!. 
i liked a @ youtube video [cs:go] world record surf_orbion | @ ksf | surfed by zedifier 
sis you know i’m in there ! 
rt @ teslaband: "i got no glory, so i'm gonna give it to you like it is / if you wanna hear the real story / and not some candy-coated lie, come and get it" #fridayfeeling 
i was just talking bout this game last night lets get it ! … 
i'm selling my melisa doll shoe for php 1,500 #carousell @ thecarousell 
i seriously can't stand it when someone is freshly outta church and cussin the shit out of me an hour later like wtf 
i like all the subtle gerty faces @ manmademoon #mute 
oh yes i spend every minute of my life playing this game!! dude not even! the point i'm trying to make is don't call my content trash when i at least talk edit my videos and all of that good stuff you just slap a 30 second video up of you not talking 
she’s comparing america’s nra boycott to the islamic regime. basically saying if the gov takes away our guns their next goal is to execute us. which i think is a bit of an exaggeration 
i am doing ridiculously worse physically than mentally right now and its giving me so much anxiety 
can’t express this enough i don’t do those guessing games … 
i liked a @ youtube video the big update everyone has been waiting for in cod ww2 is here... 
3/ i couldn't identify the pile from there, and assumed it to be a dead bird of prey. i know nw oregon occasionally sees hawks, and i've seen one on the trees once or twice. i don't understand what's got the robins so interested that they're all staying on the ground like that. 
i don’t bite my tongue, imma speak up. 
yeah, i agree, just giving a likely reason i've tried to sing the song before and gotten lost with lyrics lmao 
davies not creepy at least work until i get a longer cable in. 
ditto. i’ve never met you before. good ole’ america patriot? 
so serious about this that i already secure wiped the thing is gonna have the new yog towers is. 
i love my messy cute af “platonic homies” and heres a random factoid sometimes engagements don’t work ou- ok bye … 
let me join your wiener gang! i got these cool moves 
yessir, without a doubt. i would also volunteer to drive a paddy wagon and help build the wall. #maga 
i have so much faith in you, have fun with the fam before u return to the mastapeiceee 
| true, but... still. i have plenty of other accounts i need to pay attention to qx 
i feel this way sober … 
still not quite sure how i would round off my political views. but i'm pretty sure i would like the ability to say nope you lot fucked up let's give these guys you said where shite a chance. if they fuck up they're getting pumped tae 
well i was just about to credit you cus they’re very good . i’m scared to go look again cus it’s my sons instagram account and i’m worried he’ll find me creeping on there! 
i ain’t stepping out tonight unless i got max security 
dnt play wit me , if i had ta leave fa a while would u wait on me n have that pussy gettin tighter eryday fa me ? 
i pray it is so! r kids deserve it so much! … 
my fave acc noticed i’m- 
"good farmers." ha ha ha ha... i can't stop laughing at such an oxymoron. veal? no doubt you'll block me too now. you're well known for hiding. and you know...breast cancer always comes back and bites breast milk consumers again and again. that's ironic karma i guess. 
i need a break from my own thoughts. 
i have! i want the same. i have said it here that many agencies failed to prevent this incident and fail daily to protect kids from their peers who need outside services. it is ridiculous what is ignored, permitted, etc. 
me personally i haven’t heard of a green street gangster i’ve heard of a green screen gangster tho #alltoowell … 
jesus christ this is crazy ellen i fuqing love you so much for mine after 7 mins! 
just took a pic of my leg cause it so i could get cheesesticks rn 
wow, i seriously love jesus so so so much!!!! 
and look. i'm not an anti-gmd absolutist. cost aside, i can see the utility in being able to stop a limited attack. but! 10% "leakage" in a full-scale exchange is entering "we'll just get our hair mussed" territory. e.g. even winning in that scenario is a loss … 
i liked a @ youtube video my first interview 
i love it too baby *and gonna spread your legs now and move between them* 
i’ve had enough. the fucker needs to move to singapore. 
he’s not wrong here. no one can predict how someone will react in this situation. i’m willing to say that most think they’ll act courageously. but who knows. 
i did not want to be the #face of #breastcancer; my #story can help others so i #unmasked myself and write raw & honest 
i feel the need for speed ... and badass music! 
you usually say no so i'm used to your rejection 
i thought he was a whole homosexual....finally a sexual assault scandal that is a true & spiritual shocker. … 
i believe en el amor-anahi y poncho via @ youtube 
i liked a @ youtube video solo winter survival! minimal gear overnight in a huge snow storm! 24 hours in the 
why are you being weird? i’m not, why are you being weird? that’s what someone who’s being weird would say. #beingweird 
hell yeahhhhhhhh i need everybody's psn handles now.... 
i liked a @ youtube video comment awards v71 
sorry but when did the nra become a protected class? because last i checked they are a lobby organization and as a private company delta has the right to cut ties with them. have fun on the unemployment line when your elections come up! 
i lost myself years ago in the making of making everyone else happy except my ownself 
it's my first week back serving and i was not trying to lose my job already smh jesus was testing me 
personally i loved the pastel pink but to each their own (honestly though jimin looks perfect with all hair) 
i swear bro im not ready … 
i'm definitely fake crying. but this is so sad wtf 
shiny geodude in my japanese hg the file where i got my treecko! so i would say it took around 200 res not really counting since this was just a side hunt i did not have a specific target so im pleased to have found this it looks so good 
i liked a @ youtube video cops online - more at play fivem multiplayer gta v 
i think it would be awesome to live on a boat 
when i stand before god at the end of my life, i would hope that i would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, “i used everything you gave me.”-erma bombeck #wolqt 
how do i delete this 
i will be a part of the 'wow' on march 11th lets go 
i think chris morris should interview him, in full on "day today" mode. 
i have grown since then 
btw totally against the death threats, that's not cool, i just don't think they're above scrutiny. 
my thoughts before i fuck everything up: … 
i think im better off alone 
how could i not cry when i hear frank 
i've just got a new #fan! get access to my unseen and exclusive content at 
because i don’t post like that 
don't come for me , i'll really hurt your feelings & have fun while doing it 
i do know the first stretch goals would be to work on a set of illustrated trading cards. first goal would be for just the pens, second stretch goal would be for the metro, 3rd goal would be for the eastern conference and 4th goal for the whole league(2-3 players per team). 
. @ sencorygardner etsy microbusinesses like mine rely on #netneutrality. i urge you to add #onemorevote to the cra to protect net neutrality. 
i came home from a long and stressful day at work and my woman has a beer cracked open waiting for me. i live a good life. 
barbra streisand does an in-depth interview with variety, and all i can remember is that she cloned her dead dog. twice. 
this.. how are you "giving life" around you? today has been rough but what if i switched the narrative and thought how can i love someone that needs it! … 
i love how he just casually walks past the fire marshals like they ain’t there for his ass … 
kbye i should go now 
if you trust scott's "platonic relationship", i must immediately discard #virtuemoir f rom my head. why can not you do so? after all i love t & s. 
no this has done it for me i’m going to bed … 
i find strength when i'm praying 
i think i just fell asleep looking at that picture 
all i want to do is wash my car! 
“oh you must be new” i’ve literally been here since august 
fuck, you can see i've watched?! 
what does this really do? i wonder how many gun sales walmart does in a year to under 21.... and for under 21 hunters, won't mom or dad still buy them one in their name? in other words... nothing gained? … 
i swear i fought some of these guys in bayonetta. … 
it’s almost been a year since i graduated college.... where did the time go ?!? 
ya i love the intro 
i think one of the biggest things i realized as i started working on the large scale project that i am is that time spent analyzing and contemplating how to implement a specific feature is just as important, if not more so, than the time spent actually doing so. 
@ twitchsupport bruh i’m trying to get my twitch prime @ fortnitegame skins and it’s not popping up on your site. am sad 
i’ve been wanting this palette forveernpick me girl 
studio here!!! i'm bout to go beastmode. if you slept me kid betta wake yo bitch ass up!! here i… 
i’m still truly shook as to how the nfl gone try and tell me dez caught that ball 3 years later, like i ain’t know that. what’s next? brady does a lil sum sum with the refs pregame?? 
i can’t wait to have a son … 
#ninasimone once said "you can't help it. an artist's duty, as far as i'm concerned, is to… 
how come most calvinists are so busy debating and arguing, i never see them talk about christ? or his love? 
the ease of it is precisely the problem. requiring a higher skill threshold to kill a score of people it a good thing. i agree, mental health is part of the issue, but deceive yourself into thinking it's the only factor. 
@ mercedbenz15 i installed your cousin’s internet today 
i am beside myself. really, genuinely upset. i fucked up last time and double booked so i had to sell the tickets. this time i didn't even get a ticket. terrible mum. 
my registration has not come yet and i have tried calling 6 times today #pcpoldr and cannot get through 
why do people think just bc i cut my hair they can touch it?? the rules still apply!! don’t. touch. my. hair. 
your fucking wife lol i love you baby 
i'll be there with the usual suspects... 
new blog post, link in bio i try to be as honest as i can be. it’s not always easy but i… 
i need another weekend away 
happy birthday my baby i love you @ 
what do i wanna do for spring break omggg 
i'm puting my trust on you don't let me fall down or i will drown and die 
solid. someone tell me why i don't enjoy this more often?!? - drinking a cash mony by @ 4handsbrewery at @ spokespub 
#nflblitz at the #combine on in 2 minutes! get your preview with @ marcistook & i @ nfl @ nflnetwork 
cats are independent by which i mean smart. d. barry :-d 
friday feels why can’t every friday night be a sunset cruise in arubawhat’s your ideal friday night?! comment below so i can give your feed some love! check out my latest vlog from aruba through the link in my bio! #thewildflowerwords 
im so glad i rented that nice apartment in the friend zone 
nothing i hate more than awkward situations get me outta there !!!!!! 
i think i might marry her 
why am i in such a bad mood?! 
i'm at pacific restaurant in daly city, ca 
i hope so...i couldn't shake the bad vibes. i'm a big fan, despite all his issues. prolly mainstream rap's best 100% verified pen, maybe sans jay … 
i think donald’s career is in far worse condition... 
i will address these citations immediately in this thread. … 
i’m gonna do some exercise tomorrow and go for a snowy walk because i’ve been super lazy this week. 
hello my little dragons! i am live, right the heck now! come visit me #streaming #twitch #gaming #girlgamers @ retweet_twitch @ twitchtvgaming @ twitchretweetr @ twitch_rt 
u have absolutely no clue what i’m talking about 
so playing dungeon keeper, i've conquered like half the kingdom, raised and trained many powerful creatures, and this arsewipe nobody just gets to show up with a level 7 dragon and i decided to bring nothing. fucking posers. 
the store is in knoxville, tennessee. i didn’t get his name though. 
i’m really gunna have to sneak into kayzo 
thanks @ kttape! after a major medical issue like mine i can’t let little aches & pains slow me down 
i'm no baby, i'm a daddy who likes crawling. 
so ready for the day i get to come home to a husband and kids and be able to say i have the perfect family! but who am i kidding that’ll never happen 
i gotta get the fuck outta here. 
my fav manager is da bombbbb on the styling tip i’m so proud of her 
some may say i soupenated when i should’ve pronated but i’ll just say the bad ones at atlanta athletic club today are on @ k_kisner! of course the good ones are credited to me and me 
had a great time today i love my hubby so much. now about to go get these brows done and get ready for church... 
i still haven't played the shovel knight dlc, shame on me! xp … 
ummmm @ apple @ victoriabeckham @theotherspices who do i complain to that i can’t buy spiceworld the film in the itunes store 
i’m high 
i liked a @ youtube video terroriser vs moo. who is the king of the carnival? (golf it funny moments) 
i swear y’all niggas really never had shit and still faking too this day 
yeah. she wrote “i hate everyone” in chapstick in a window at recess because “friends” were picking on her and wouldn’t play with her. 
similarities between ltbonts and midnight show / jenny “darling don’t you see i’m not satisfied, until i hold you tight” / “she couldn’t scream while i held her close, i swore i’d never let her go” 
'i don't envy guardiola' - conte backs manchester city's big spending 
fellas is it gay wanting to spend a whole life with kang jaehee, living together and making coffee every single day for each other while holding hands and at the end of the day cuddle in bed and whispering into her ear how much i love her? 
@ _lovelike_jesus i just saw your tweet. thanks for your love for believers. 
i don't really disagree, but i've had this argument with several people who don't like the ending because it rewards the protagonists shitty behavior. i think ending with them headed to jail is a little too dark for this movie. 
the biggest surprise for me is that i figured icahn was way smarter than to hang out with that short-fingered walking disaster 
i think we have a lot in common. first, let's protect kids with guards, locked doors, and metal detectors. then, we can improve reporting on crazies. 18 states do not report to fbi. air force was not reporting. then improve the detection of potential terrorists. step by step. 
i only want to see jane fonda in her funeral dress. 
when will predictions start for the next one? i feel like i need to mentally prepare for it after the last. 
why do i associate this gif with me using it in a greeny phatom-related scratch project … 
welcome to the aac where you have talented players and a good coach. your reward? a 5-7 ncaa tournament resume in 7 straight appearances. that’s all i’m saying. 
i’m watching @ richeisen run the 40 today for @ stjude! tweet #runrichrun #stjude and join the cause with … 
i liked a @ youtube video al1ce - can you hear the stars cry 
omg she talked about how baby sara doesn't exist anymore and how she's mad about that like i feel like everyone forgot that barry literally erased a baby out of existence 
he'll be in his seat all night so it's cool rt @ sarabellalovas: those pants are i’ll fitting … 
i know it was slept on but american gangster … 
amazingly enough that one sacrifice of an animal was good for an entire year!!!! do you go ask for forgiveness from god if you sin? i don’t. 
do people knock on bathroom doors anymore? caaauuuuseeee i need to know 
thanks for everything. every year, beginning of march, i'm living in other world, other reality. carmac, you are the best. 
i’m a city fan 
i've never played the campaign but i'm still enjoying the multiplayer. my cousin and i play it almost every weekend the past few months. 
♬ i:cube - untitled 8 ♬ #nowplaying 
i just discovered this on poshmark: express sequined tank. via @ poshmarkapp 
i'm so high!! 
ok we’re just gonna talk, if you don’t see him again don’t be alarmed i promise he’s not dead 
i loved so much this song #wannaoneipucomeback #wannaoneinperu @ wannaone_twt @ mnetkr @ ymc_ent @ kandavu_prod @ workshowsperu @ 
sorry, i never saw the movie love actually. i have no idea what that clip is about. 
i dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives. 
ok i can be very creative with the thrift shop bullshit i buy in order to drag up, but i still have no talent 
i watch it you beautiful 
february lasted like 5 seconds but i did so much hopefully i do more this month 
that's good. though i do wonder whether alexander-style patterns aren't well served by your and my shared metaphor of things clicking together (which has an air of finality). 1/4 
we had a great time riding to fort pickens today in pensacola, florida! i love riding with my… 
i kept them up for two more minutes than i said i would i’m so charitable 
gender agreement in adjectives, i guess maybe it's no longer accepted to allow the masculine form to cover both, spectateur/es? 
i always get the feeling you could do with seeing some pictures of a plane to help with your designs. note how at the back they have little wings on the tail too, that they handily call stabilisers. they might help to stabilise things a little 
i 
i miss my bot :( 
why would i not buy myself a bb-8 lego set to make up for a stressful week and two cancelled… 
larry is incredible. i really was fascinated by everything that happens to mako. 
i really love their covers especially catch me if you can by snsd. although i don't follow their activities, i like the group also where's kyla … 
i mean... idk but i just dunno why someone would stan someone who would go through all this trouble to just to make someone feel shit tbh. and i’m still salty about her bringing all the boys into her petty argument lol 
i own, and reload, all three, and more. #youdontknowme #howrude 
i would definitely watch it! @ netflix give @jessiewoo_ her own comedy special! add some flavor to netflix … 
i just feel if no i.d. didnt step in and help his sound, it would've got repetitive 
i hope we really don't get so much snow, i'll vanish into it in just one go. good night everyone. have pleasant dreams. 
i liked a @ youtube video live stream with r. wayne steiger, dr. claudia albers and planet x news 3/5/18 
i don't support jerry n beth's marriage #rickandmorty 
today is my weekly session of questioning my decision to be back in school for my phd. i feel so inadequate and underprepared for comps and the dissertation process. 
hi megan. my email is fb linked: … phone 805-636-0747 (but i don't hear so well) i'm at the motley a couple times a week (i have the only laminated, lifetime free coffee card for the motley). :) cheers 
i liked a @ youtube video swiping tinder & playing fortnite! 9999+ wins. 
i wasnt the only one who can see the price tag and it's $463.67 
at junes every day and now i have an umaru level craving for cola 
i am white. nothing would happen? guess again!! 
insightful (i am not a benedict option person; nevertheless a good interview) christian life in exile | the american conservative … via @ amconmag 
hi beth. i apologize for the inconvenience. stores in your area may be temporarily out of matcha but they will be restocked soon! your patience during this time is much appreciated. -bill 
my dad’s a mechanic so i’m good, thanks 
i miss jungkook :( i wonder how he is these days, and i really hope he's not overworking too much 
ur so loud who knows if i claim to ! … 
hazard: couch in the right lane of nb i-69 north of 12 mm. #tristateroads 
i liked a @ youtube video r/creepyasterisks top posts | creepy people of reddit 
bro i was gon record yesterday but i deadass had the beat playing with my phone in my hand and as soon as i stepped up to the mic i was just like "bruh im too tired to do this shit rn" 
i call on @ ukparliament @ theresa_may #pmq to segregate britain first from other prisoners prisoners recruitment game over! you! know it makes sense @ goarmyrogersar @ pbwritersroom @ atct_cj uk @ channel4news @ 
i’m so sorry! no one should have to go through that 
i know it’s a wednesday night, but i’ve been dying to open another new wine i bought for its interesting name and label... 
i would like to not feel so useless to everybody 
lol actually teddy loves his gurl i really dont see him and bam taking it outside the house #bbnaija 
@ ivankatrump is being investigated by the fbi and @ foxnews has failed to report it. 
i liked a @ youtube video people i hate 
@ noah_nicholls02 how's your week going? please follow “somethinglikekites” on instagram i motivate, i’m verified & follow back if you want link also here: … 
why must i blush so easily 
me: should i come in later? athe snow is gonna get bad everyone: lol its not even snowing me: (now stuck in the snow and only went in for them to close the store early) 
woooow i could never … 
luckily i had surgery scars so i was questioning if i dont remember them putting it back in, then continue to operate normally for a few 
mark nods and waits a moment for calvin to open the door, and soon walks in with him. "thanks. and- uh, one more thing? ignore anything i say when i drink, please?" … 
i like the regional representation the australia provides. 12 senators for each state and 2 for each territory. all regions are equal in the senate. #cdnpoli 
okay but it’s so cute how all the donation workers i know asked me if i got the job bc i came in here after an interview one day. 
i’ve said to much 
#mtgdom non-rician scriptures {2}{black}{black} enchantment - transmission i—place a +1/+1 counter on at most one target creature. the creature additionally becomes an artifact. ii—destroy all non-artifact creatures. iii—exile all cards in all opponent's graveyards. 
not because it’s not viable or a nice relationship or whatever but because i literally cannot stand the thought of rey wasting her time on a romantic arc 
i’m trying! i’m interested lol 
yeeeaaahh i think the original cartoon will remain the best for a while … 
gonna retweet this, and i might monthly do it, kind reminder yall. … 
i need my father . 
ugh i’m so mad, my poor little car’s face 
i thought the xbrand tear off into was arch enemy 
my mom said she would but i'm not sure if my dad will get the tickets yet; if he does, i'll definitely go in a heartbeat! 
i definitely need the motivation, so i’m all for it in any form. 
i was making a yin yang reference but i feels u. i typically only whistle when i’m trying to get my dogs attention 
@ amazonhelp @ jeffbezos later on i was also told that 'ragini g' who mailed me that i will be able to order after 8 hours simply lied and misinformed. what the hell is going on?? one customer guy is telling one thing and another is saying that the first one is wrong. 
how u get that shmoney boi (also i'm p sure u gotta call up your bank to change this) 
i want to make out with heechul right now 
i feel bad when i see people eating alone 
stall for a second. i'm at the mall or you can pull up here. won't be long i promise. 
i miss my boyfriend and ive only been at work for 2 hours................ 
i have a tyrod jersey. we could put that name plate on it 
i'm still cryinf about this … 
look i work so hard on my little films, and i’m super excited to put together the senior video ahhhh yayayayaya 
time changes back this weekend and i’m so glad 
you said lake district was poorest place in england. i proved it aint. you said you don't care. called out. 
if i am the browns... i can't trade for taylor and draft another qb in the first. i'm not a fan of either of those qbs. besides future wr l. jackson 
i died 4 off a 25 killstreak in ironsight. i need me a nuke in this game lol @unkonzious 
i've just watched episode s01e02 of my husband, mr. ...! #tvtime 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist adorable kids at spn cons 
i love it! i've learned so much! the insults have been breathtakingly beautiful and when you all come together it's like watching a masterpiece appear before my eyes! xx 
i havent felt this blessed in a while; thank you … 
ridiculous. well, the team might tell mueller, but i donʻt think that is how things really work. is it? 
because the fbi was trigger happy .....twenty five years ago, you're gonna be pissed at & want jail anyone who thinks we need some control over who can purchase weapons of war ... how sad, i'll pray for you 
thanks girl! and i’m down! 
like i said we good. he’s not going anywhere. think it into existence! 
awe o wish you could have gone i’m sorry 
the nature of the #bitcoin wallet is one-use. you won't find thousands of transactions coming into a single wallet, most likely. that said i have a wallet i use that i give out freely on the internet so i'll be keeping that one open. i'm sure there are many schemes, tho. 
i do hate to kill those though, but it must be done. we had a beautiful huge widow once and it hurt to kill her but also can’t leave her with us and the kid running around. i thought about catch and release somewhere but ultimately decided to neutralize the threat. 
haha i’m gone this weekend, but i’ll hit you up next time i’m on 
i have no idea what the story is 
that's still only an expression of an opinion, that i proved to him was wrong. wrong because he is appealing to the authority of the climate change establishment, and ignoring the failed application of the sci. method in the agw premises. 
no tf. i got a husband tf. he wouldn’t appreciate you asking me that 
i liked a @ youtube video paper mate write bros. pens featuring johnny brown 
omg i feel bad that she is hacked does anybody know who hacked her 
i love scrolling through @ suspiciousnoodl's artwork. watching their avatar's steady evolution is a pretty fun experience. the steady shift of species and specifics; it's kinda like watching one of those "rise of man" slideshows. 
on soul i felt dis 1 down 2 da core! @ ralofamgoon u preachin on dis 1 loc! "think we ain't… 
i might have accidentally said tuesday, but the ncaa tourney starts tuesday? why would you believe they would come to st louis and have 3 full days off between games? that's at least a little bit on you! 
@ fullyfocusedmed there is a song that used to play pretty consistently during the third period during stoppages in play, but now it plays during the first. it's rocked out and and kind of whiny. i can't make out any words at all. do you have any idea which one i'm talking about? 
the evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft i... … #williamshakespeare #shakespeare #quote #quotes 
it’s raining today, i’m all set with that 
i hope @ bmarch63 gets t-boned by a semi and can never skate in the nhl again. 
fuck it i’m gonna cut it all off 
i went over to bens house and did yard work 
ah, twitter relevance. fair enough. i thought you meant in a football sense since that’s what i associate him with. 
i liked a @ youtube video battlefield 1 trick reload in real life with the mosin nagant? 
veronica is crap. and i love [rec], by the same director. 
thank you, harry for portraying magnus. if it weren't for magnus, i wouldn't be out as bi. magnus helped me come out, so thank you 
i’m standing on steel for 12 hours well 11 minus breaks i done did everything but quit lol 
i always forget about my turtle tattoo 
omg thank you guys for giving me one of the most amazing and unforgettable days of my life, you were all so sweet and amazing and i’m so thankful that i got to meet you all! love you all!! @ fellowyatt @ jaedenlieberher @ jeremyraytaylor @ imchosenjacobs @ sophiajlillis @ 
my rant is not shade towards pm they’re talented i’m literally only shading iheart radio itself dont worry lol 
agree, but i’ll take our draw over sparty’s all day … 
it was a red, but i reckon thomson was just trying to make sure his fellow fans heard him. 
stop you always hav the best memes and i always steal them 
winner winner doggy dinner. can’t believe i won the big prize at… … 
i genuinely feel like i'm about to pass out. cheers 
i am blessed to be at this point of my life, with all that i got and accomplished. i ain’t got room nor the time for you negative hating ass people. bye 
i got to go see @ sensanders yesterday at the lubbock memorial civic center with lily xiao. a big thanks to nathan clayton because i found out about the event through him. credit for the pictures goes to lily. #bernie #berniesanders 
i hope we can help. xx 
the shit i think about 
if there are home videos i'm not gonna make it till the end 
hey there! i'm using whatsapp 
arrived fashionably late so missed the queues - disappointed with photo op, £120 for 3 seconds with norman and i didn’t even get chance to say hi due to being rushed in and out. spent a fortune on merch though #walkerstalkerlondon2018 #walkerstalkerlondon @ 
i assumed all sports pundits went around spitting at the public in their spare time 
on yeah. i’m really looking forward to this year. i think we’ll surprise a lot of people, especially if the young starters take that next step 
i know you guys missed us 
i am literally so proud of you and how far you have come. keep taking over the game tay jo!!!! 
damn bra. i been stressing & im ugly as fuck right now 
real talk got mine about a month ago now and i'm following the same path lolol! it's just two completely different experiences. 
i love him so much he’s so beautiful 
my whole spring break all i did was watch lifetime movie network and i love it now . 
오늘은 내행복을 꺼내 나눠줄게 today i will take out my happiness and shar it with you اليوم سأخرج سعادتي و اتقاسمها معك #monbebeselcaday #기현 #kihyun @ 
i would pay for this. we got ourselves a business. 
@ lloydbanks "i'm increable the one thing i will never do is slip up. that's how you let these bitch niggas a head of you." 
in 2017, orlando scandrick had 0-int’s, 0-fumble recoveries... “i want to go somewhere else and be an impact player...” - orlando scandrick me: … 
i bet there was a scene phase somewhere 
#blackadderbot personally i thought you were the least convincing female impressionist since tarzan went through jane's handbag... 1/2 
i love when my best friend sends me videos of my godson 
i hope you have opted to use 9mm loads and firearms.arger guns and load a make it all more difficult. 
i giggly everytime i read your post when you start off with mrs. bill clinton. 
助けて助けて d61d1c0e :battle id i need backup! lvl 90 titan 
our god is able to perform any miracle and i believe god can heal him! 
i almost saw call me on the plane! i loved murder! the cast!! brannaugh! the costumes! 
i get so confused when u bought a sketch book with em all 
lynn, you might be the cutest and kindest person in existence. i am so sorry for your lost. tell me if there is anything i can do for you <3 
get rich quickers have alts and ico's to play with, and those that want to build a peer to peer electronic cash system can. what's happened has given people choice for participation. i'm happy grq'ers have moved out, more space to do the work, plant seeds for cash growth. 
me: i’m never getting my wisdom teeth out again me: bitch... 
love this blog on #raredisease advocacy by @ anne_bruns: “advocacy, in all its forms, is the most incredible act of service and love that i have come across.” … 
should i still tweet 
now i know why the dog's ears are smaller than expected 
this is so well edited miles i’m screaming … 
i liked a @ youtube video what mdma feels like 
i liked a @ youtube video the better elder scrolls - tes: oblivion - part 1 
i’ve got interactions of lisa, jisoo and irene, taeyeon yeri and irene, tiffany yeri and irene, sana and irene even tiffany and somi but not hyunjin and chuu and they’re in the same group what the fuck 
absolutely, no arguments there! i could also go on rants about historical class e licensing, current class d licensing, and overall lack of consistency and responsivity of the aglc. but yeah, it's the taxes that make it $$$ 
i liked a @ youtube video ksiolajidebt plays | among the sleep 
wow the headspace guy wasn’t fucking joking around about the blue sky state of mind. i mean, i knew he was right i just had yet to see it so starkly as the past couple days 
i do not want my follower count artificially-inflated by anybody who is so naive, empty-headed, &/or russophobic, as to blindly believe the most basic claim of the uk govt + presstitute media's #skripal #hoax – that *anybody* is actually ill, at all – without *actual evidence*. 
i have at this point. not necessarily for the book but more story telling than a descriptive analytical thing. mostly just saved on the hard drive so far but i have one thing i am pondering trying to sell for publication somewhere... but it's complicated heh. 
i, too, have been embarrassed by my parallel parking skills a time or six 
yoongi sweetie, i'm so sorry. … 
not sure which i find more unappealing - pi day or may the 4th. 
i understand what you mean, but as someone with a progressive motor disease, i can say it doesn't quite equate, particularly (i imagine) if one is born deaf vs losing physical ability over time. still, not sure i'd change it either. i like who i am, physical pecularities & all. 
criminal calling a criminal a criminal..... i believe their is a saying for that. 
gostei de um vídeo @ youtube … - somebody that i used to know (feat. kimbra) - official video 
can’t wait to graduate and get a job so i can ask a co-worker for a copy of something and say “i need this yesterday” 
the biggest mistake i’ve ever made was turning automatic updates back on my pc. 
i have ten weeks to save up money for pet rent. 
i don’t have it in me to make another video … 
i'm glad i wasn't the only one who thought it haha 
love this. i hope funding is an endless pipeline to continue this innovative, brilliant and cost-effective way to solve so many problems that typically require expensive and limited resources. 
tbf though i don’t know if that’s an actual fact or no, someone just said that time after my poll ended 50/50 once 
the jack johnson series were some of the best podcasts i've ever heard 
jonghyun's "i just need a..." is soooo underrated!! figth me!! 
every time i see videos of people interacting with or petting wild animals even in “controlled” settings i get super fucking nervous. there’s a big difference between picking up a house gecko and trying to touch a seal or raccoon. doing this stuff puts them at risk as well as you 
i look like i’ve just been on a 5 hour train journey … 
was happy to host students from hamilton hs west for a tour of the us capitol during #publicschoolsweek. we had a good conversation on trafficking and other issues, and i was impressed with the depth of their questions. i am proud of our schools and all our bright students! 
one of the saddest things i’ve ever done is not take advantage of the 6 month now tv prize i won on last years mcdonald’s monopoly - could have had comedy central. 
you are so good to me.............. i love you 
#ncat is some sketchy niggas at a&t staircase near the cafe wearing all black and one all red niggas was finna walk up on me but i left 
girl i know. … 
i'm watching hannibal just to make sure i defo don't nod off. fucking ever. 
how much is it to do a twitter promotion or a facebook ad? i see them a lot and i feel like it must bring in some new people. 
so no matter what i do annabel keeps on hating me. 
michael lowe i’m crying 
i’ wanna go to da movies & out to eat 
like i said before, some white people seem sooo concerned about muslim women being oppressed yet they yank there hijabs out in public, they call them terrorist and when they say they are wearing it by choice, they are immediately called liars and are told to remove it. #feminist 
picked edinburgh by 4 and cardiff by 8 so i'll take both winning by 6, perk up the superbru a bit... 
i liked a @ youtube video prs paul reed smith john mayer silver sky | why is everybody so bent out of shape? 
i’m calling bullshit 
new post (i cavalieri cigno) has been published on ebook mania - 
if anyone is debating whether or not going to see all time low live i’m telling you now it’s worth it so so much, i’ve seen them twice now and they’re some of the best nights of my life i highly recommend seeing them 
i have never hated sasha and kath more than i do right now 
the discord is full of spiders and i'm dying 
belize !!! unuh better be ready! this will be my first time in belize! &amp; i’m coming out… 
so do i if that woman is stupid enough to still support trump! 
oh no. this is the first one where i am truly stumped. they’re so different 
#saveme200m @ bts_twt one of my favorite mvs finally got 200m. this mv was one of the reasons why i became an army! 
4: did you get noticed during the release? yes 5: have you tried/recreated the dance? i tried to do it once...tried 6: have you been to the golden gopher? nope 7: did you order any of the delicate muscle tees? no they don't suit me :(( 
now that's really interesting! i wonder if similar things occur in languages with different grammars? like, if you were a language like russian which conjugates its verbs for noun class, would such sentences be easier to parse with all the nouns in different classes? 
i couldn't believe his black mom was laughing and defending him being a colorist. it doesn't matter if he was a teen or not even in his grown age he hasn't learned a damn thing 
i have! the puzzles are cleaner and more elegant, but it's missing all the wonder and secrets of original solomon's key, which i once saw someone describe as "the thinking person's bubble bobble." 
me and my friends did a dance to this song in 6th grade and i had no idea this song was about sex 
i see a familiar face! @ 
perfect, dm me. let's get this relationship started....don't worry, i'm beautiful too lmfao 
@ pbbunny97 just a daily reminder of how much i adore you 
i know i'm romanticising it as someone who only sees its best bits as an outsider, but i do submit that the thames is genuinely gorgeous, especially in this light 
thank you. god uses you. must know when i have an off day. not really a bad one, just struggle to keep in trusting mode or happier. 
can't wait to see the same mothafuckers wearing those "kiss me, i'm irish" shirts to be rockin sombreros in a little over a month. #justsayin #nationalityviaalchoholism 
!!! rt @ sankofabrown: i feel refreshed when i’m around people who i know genuinely care about me. 
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 251 #paradiseisland2 #gameinsight 
i have 99 problems , but generating leads and making sales is not one. secure your spot on out next training here: 
you like krishna? achutam keshavam is a blessing then! melodious...didn't know you were a hindu and practice it :-) — thank you, i am playing it now.... the flute in the beginning . i really admire bollywood songs d... … 
can i get a code and i followed and retweeted and liked gl everuone 
i just got iff work what happened is diego okay 
have you heard about this one if you wanna get it and i have sinned. 
anyway i'm feeling bad because i hate the way i look and feel comfortable and pretty in 
i got 87 insigne, 82 kovacic and 81 bellerin. 100% proof ea can rig packs 
i liked a @ youtube video i spent £308 in primark| i can't even...just watch because its been so long! 
i like the idea of u more than i like the real u..... 
men telling me i shouldn’t work like are you gonna give me 60 mil? 
if things continue like this, i don’t see very significant civil unrest as being a far distant reality. … 
nadja 44 was a great episode. i'll have to see what will ultimately become of nadja's choice here, so much still lies ahead. 
booked my flight to vegas today and i have a 3.5 hour layover in denver. you already know my conspiracy senses are tingling. 
man, i gotta visit nyc again, it's been way too long myself... 
but then again i too would like some "official" papers that shows the dna tests...so i'm not claiming 100% on this one . 
icb i paid $35 for a fuckin iphone charger again . capitalism will chew on my bones before it spits me out 
if i have feelings for you im not gonna hide it. love was not meant to be tucked away under a rock. it is only useful if words are teamed with actions. maybe i should wait til i know its reciprocal but i want to tell the world i love mavis <3 
uhh i really want someone to dom me :( 
#thisisus keeps me in tears. i don’t know how they manage to touch every part of my heart and find the weak spot. well done! 
i hate them 
i miss the martin twins so dang much, but i’m glad their thriving else where 
i’ll have to look that up... 
believe it or not- i completely understand and am in close to a very similar situation. if you ever need to talk i’m here!! 
carlos, you are the absolute best. i hope to shake your hand someday. or give you a hug. 
i'd recommend it! it's good! 
i’m by my man house y’all come eat ours!!! so 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist how to get a loan - real estate investing made simple 
this jojolion chapter was lit, no pun intended. i hope my boi mamezuku doesnt go rip tho 
peeps..... i love my peeps 
this girl just said bermuda is more of an island than a country i'm fed tf up 
haven't busted out a 5 star rating for a new release since hell or high water but you already know i'm dusting that motherfucker off for sicario 2 
woah you’re a property manager @ mhamms in flint michigan!!? i can’t imagine. so you guys can now(as of today) sue the f outta whoever messed that place up? 
i mean surely we’ve have heard if it was true someone we know would have no bum.. 
i'm raising money for photography company start up . click to donate: … via @ gofundme 
get it done on time starting at $5 per page. no plagiarism. always. i am available 24/7. . *retweet to save a life!* 
i'd be more than happy to do some digging here on my end, micah. what initially prompted you to reach out to phone support? ^jm 
i’d rather a group of horses kick me until i’m dead than see that. … 
#워너원_괜찮아_약속해 love forever wanna one, i believe u 
i’ve never watch an episode of parks and rec or the office. but i want to be in #sfb8 i’ll watch for that sole reason. hahah 
i asked someone for a professional letter of recommendation and he told me “you right it as good as you need it, i’ll sign” highly disappointed! 
whatever tomorrow brings, i'll be there with open arms and open eyes. 
the fbi closed the investigation. no charges filed against the woman. on another note, this woman was paid $7.5 million. stormy daniels was paid $130,000. the 60 minutes interview will explain this odd amount i hope. 
2 years ago today i came out as “the shooter is white” 
i can’t call because i live in csnada and don’t have their numbers! but i’ll message all my fb friends in the u.s. and have them message all their friends! especially those in your state. hope this will help 
i liked a @ youtube video sea of thieves real life loot chest! 
sorry for the late responses everyone! i’ve unfortunately had a lot on my plate lately! i hope you’re all enjoying your day!! 
seeing pictures of myself from someone else’s perspective i’m like i look decent but shopping for clothes i’m like holy fuck i need to lose weight asap. i hate days like today 
i think i just discovered why i got sick the other day after eating, and i am about to have more from the same batch, so this will be interesting... 
save heimlich!!!!! my seven year old is currently protesting in her room because i told her the bad news. bugs land was her favorite part of our trip last summer. 
trump’s national security advisers warned him not to congratulate putin i wonder why he did it anyways... … #maga #tcot #ncpol 
one time sadie and i asked if we could get a picture with gavin and they asked him and he looked at us and said “no” and i’ve never been so honored to get rejected 
gosh i could just smack those goons for the torture and bullying they put trevor through ugh #ppspdspot @ msreegjp @ jp_library @ suehellerjp 
it was a long time ago and i don't remember all the steps. even after i said delete, it said it would be available should i change my mind. to this day if i click on a link to fb page, it tries to get me back. fb is insidious. try here. … 
had both m+f morgan & trying for chrom now. got a much better morgan (m) copy. which i’d hoped for but chrommmmmmm come hooome! the game got my hopes up with that pesky 4* roy animation lol whyyyy 
blue screen i hate you 
i've been skeptical, yet experimental, since october 2016. but thanks to @ mysticxlipstick and my muhfuggin dawg @ heretoheal101 i'm finally starting to believe that this shit is for real for real. as in today, i'm finally accepting that energy work is real lmfao. 
got around to purchasing my planet ticket to reno for blfc. now all i gotta do is wait... 
i'm still hoping we get one more good snow here in michigan! 
i assumed the graphic imprint to jimmy served the purpose... 
i’m buying this shirt 
i liked a @ youtube video watch if you’re sad 
i wish i could stop dreaming about us. 
i liked a @ youtube video an awkward time to win a fortnite game.... 
a friend of mine is moving to sf soon, cause i am so succinctly 
people that say, “give me”, or “i need” are the absolute worst. what you need is some manners. try it out. 
i don't believe in an interventionist god but i know, darling, that you do but if i did i would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you not to touch a hair on your head to leave you as you are and if he felt he had to direct you then direct you into my arms... 
need beats!? to all emcees out there, in search for grimy, boom bab heavy drumz soul orchestra type production , look no further!! i have a new batch of beats for ur current /future project. me @... … 
ok time to keep going on my dgm reread to complete the reading pandora hearts and things that pandora hearts reminded me of journey and can i just say i actually really love the art at the beginning. like hoshino's art now is amazing obviously but early dgm art was also so good 
ill be there !!! worst case ontario, i take the bus 
i once considered being a palm reader. on one hand, i thought i might make a fortune but on the other hand, i couldn't really see a future in it. 
i got an email with a phone number to call to reschedule but it’s not working. my train was cancelled #2155 boston to ny. i need to reschedule for later in the day if possible 
he has a little jazz group that plays in la all the time in los feliz. i’ve seen him a couple times. his sax player (who has since passed away) was unreal. zane musta 
that moment when you can't get your sports bra off and you're thinking oh no will i be stuck like this forever? 
i need a pepsi 
its not that i'm not troubled by mf's performances. i'm more frustrated with the journalistic approach that smuggly assumes it has him squirming but clearly after 2 years rehashing questions, doesn't and is a cut and paste job of a pinned thread from an internet troll. 
your question is thought provoking. for me what it comes down to is a sense thar order must prevail or the bad guys win...which is injustice. i cannot abide systematic deceit. 
i already did. but thanks for letting me know 
37c13c64 :battle id i need backup! lvl 100 xeno corow 
you know your dad is best dad when you are both singing destiny's child- i'm a survivor in the living room at the top of your lungs 
couldn’t be more right. i deal with bipolar ii and some weeks are just impossible but you’ve gotta keep fighting. i couldn’t recommend finding a good counselor enough and seeing them here and there to keep yourself on track, it’s a godsend. you’ve got this! 
since it’s almost the end eh the day i’ll take this time to say happy anniversary to my parents they’re amazing n i love them so much x 
i love all the fifa& chill’s they do, comes with lots of variety which is hella cool 
beef where can i get an arby’s driver cover? better yet an autographed one??? 
i don’t know the night guard’s name 
looool haha adorable. i know right. every single character is awesome.. the stories, family time.. romance. sab kuch ⚘ 
i wish i had paid more attention in my programming classes. i need to learn and use python 
couldn't agree more. uni was full of bullshit. happy i dropped out. didn't learn anything that maps to the real world 
now i'm going to wake up from a nap and come back to reality and realize tigers are not that good 
tickle my arm / back and make me food and i promise ya babe i’ll love ya forever 
and now i am just going to share all the other gifs i love 
quick work,13-0 he quit, we 1-0 next victim got mariota,little does he know i got hella practice keeping him in the pocket,this’ll be quick too 
i started the game ultratron … 
i won the times 5 multiplier achievement in ultratron for 21 trueachievement pts 
so this dude i'm not mentioning in the probably-futile hope of not showing up in his self-searches seems like kind of a dick, huh? … 
i haven’t even seen the first episode yet and i’m already voting for @ eurekaohara 
i just saw a loyola player execute a “face guard” box out. he didn’t get the rebound, but his man sure didn’t. that’s why they are still playing. 
weird power outage in the mailroom and i want itttttttt 
not good enough and i haven't hung out with many people living in it too 
it’s true i said i love you, but i didn’t promise. 
everytime i see a post with anything to do with eating ass i automically think of sophie 
actually i think his comments were due to his incompetence 
these subtle insults disguised as random comments are getting under my skin. or am i just annoyed for no reason? 
great to meet up again today at this fantastic recovery facility in your ward! #rivergardenrecovery great i can rely on you to keep me & @ cjayrshire posted on 
cracking episode dude, well done! i'm still giggling about that. … 
i liked a @ youtube video petite asian teen in security uniform striptease 
yes! i am internally panicking and the pain hurts but it's pleasurable!! 
when it comes to this team stat — e — i love that my @ cardinals are #30of30. let’s keep it that way. 
you don’t even gotta tell me where we going i’ll follow you anywhere 
what's up scottrade i am back inside you again 
today’s show one i definitely won’t forget! things went a bit wrong (the show being stopped after the first dance) it was still the most amazing show! let’s not forget the audience participation part of course my favourite part with alan! @ otimabuse @ ianwaite @ mariusmabuse 
i just died to a bum ass nigga with that gun. cuh wasn’t even good … 
driving my dads mini van when i first got my license definitely doesn’t count lol it wasn’t my car 
@ cathynewman he « gotchya » once, what i am saying is that @ jordanbpeterson will get you again !!! (i can already see the thug life videos) 
baby, baby, i think i love you too much baby, baby, i think i love you too much 
also do you see what i’m seeing 
think i’ll finish seven seconds this weekend. 
i kinda wanna see the band...show the band! #rockchalk #ku 
i just wanna know where the proof was that he actually pulled the trigger ?? #aaronhernandezuncovered 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist oakjoi - vas 
on this #nationalpuppyday i hope you'll all remember to spay and neuter your dogs (and cats, bunnies, ect) because there are so many dogs waiting in shelters for loving homes #adoptdontshop 
i would be grateful if you could show me the ropes. 
when can i start … 
omg, love it when thoooose nights happen!! best thing is when i get my 20 chicken nuggs, cos you know what?? chicken nuggs will never cheat on you 
hi well wishers !!! i received my yali network membership card and am motivated the more to give back to my society. 
you're absolutely right i'm on it 
"ghouls are really scary, i don't know much about them, except the things that the ccg says~." 
so, while the dutch/belgians were painting scenes like this - which i love - were the southern europeans doing the same, or still focusing on sacred paintings primarily? 
here begineth the lesson. this lesson is called "666-6th seal, 6th trumpet and 6th vial" part 2- i hope you enjoy and learn. father, bless all who follow this lesson with wisdom and understanding in jesus yeshua's precious name. amen 
it's the worst refereeing decision i've ever seen tbh 
i'm out at a club and couldn't find the primary sources at short notice so i let ellis make my argument for me haha 
feel for oz media today. so quick to attack other sporting nations on the slightest whim. now their cricket side blatantly cheat -including the captain - and try to hide it. i’m sure they’ll rise to the challenge and find a way to make sure it was all south africa’s fault though 
i’m sorry for your loss :( 
i think i may make some design prices 
ima watch insidious bye i still love alison 
#blackadderbot i think i'm on the point of spotting the flaw in the plan. but do go on. which pages are they? 
it cost $130k to shut her up, what did it cost to get her lips flapping? for the interview, i mean. #stormysunday #stormydaniels #donaldtrump @ stormydaniels 
ok i am 20 minutes into the new queer eye and i have already decided they are going to fix american masculinity tom was so lonely and now he’s happy 
also i’m so sorry for my grammar it was incorrect 
such a pleasure to see you! i loved the cinematography session too … 
no females can’t run game on me. i’m a season veteran 
@ kevinoconnornba if you could pick the next head coach for the bucks, who would it be? i'd love to see what fizdale could do there. 
i would really really like to get my tablet working again so i can edit photos >:( 
“i will give you a chu” get this demon away from me 
come and get mine boy! i’ll be waiting. 
mg the split second that he looked at the camera felt like he was looking directly at me. i can't. @ bts_twt #danisharmy 
@ _makethmurder oh i started that! 
can i file my taxes twice or nah ? 
i’ve been looking everywhere for you. 
this was very good and i ate both servings of it and i'm going to die 
ok so i just woke up from a two hour nap and i don’t know where anyone is and the sky is an unusual color right now so it feels like i woke up in the twilight zone and i’m very confused 
i am well aware of what she is. what is your point ? 
i can't over the new promo for the body lava 
you know i'm always here and i keep it 110 with you baby, no reason not too 
@ gamblinghurts i personally think it is very easy for people to jump on a bandwagon and claim an addiction or as you said earlier a mental problem but in general is society that messed up? you’ll always find a way to spend your cash. 
author, don't give your character a magic get-out-of-jail ring and spend the rest of the book explaining why it shouldn't be used. i get that it symbolizes avoidance of responsibilities, but it kinda ruins the narrative. 
i liked a @ youtube video silva - infinito particular (bhaskar remix) [clipe oficial] 
i am two pounds away from hitting my first weight loss goal and i am so excited! 
then i'll see you on draft day when the browns make the final call 
i'm glad i work from home! was worth the wait, fellow emporian! … 
hi everyone!! thank you for joining us tonight as we chat with @ khsavage. i’m your host, and we have almost all of #wattpad4 on deck this evening. @ ldcrichton @ donotmicrowavex @ monicabsanz @ 
i'm getting tired of my twin bed. … 
why did i ever let you know me like that?? 
now i feel things so deeply and get really empathetic especially when it comes to the people i care about the most. it really fucks up my day sometimes (today for example) 
everyday i see a grown azz man’s booty hole on my tl and i’m tired 
can somebody fill me in on this beyoncé & tiffany haddish situation ... i'm lost lol 
ok i am not religious but a little guilty of a few of those... i believe in knowing & acknowledging love languages, have my apps sorted by color and i also love podcasts 
so true he looks in love already i’m staying to think sonny is in love with being in love 
just when i thought everything was coming together 
i liked a @ youtube video crossmap deagle shot! | fortnite highlights #1| @marvbryy 
b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist minecraft: um novo shinobi! - naruto orespawn ep. 11 ‹ dengoso › 
i want it more than ever before. 
31: i've had 1 girlfriend for 3 years, then a boyfriend for about 2 months and then now currently with my amazing boyfriend. 
no disrespect. i bump carter 2 all the time lol 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist minecraft: a besta de uma calda! - naruto orespawn ep. 6 ‹ dengoso 
i recently decided i like food again and now i can’t stop eating 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist minecraft: jutsu bola de fogo! - naruto orespawn ep. 4 ‹ dengoso › 
some people don’t understand the skin they are blessed with. i love being tanned but guess what i can only use it once in a blue moon because i have eczema. call me casper the pissed off ghost 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 19 #trueachievement … 
the only problem i see is the lack of conservative candidates. very concerning. 
watching the spanish dub of kakegurui and i can without a doubt say that the same 6 people have been making the spanish dubs of everything for the past 30 years 
i’m so very thankful for the consist people in my life y’all the real ones 
paul, it wasn't jack, it was jt but i bet he will cover for jt #yr 
i’d love to be a beta reader for you. i have done this before for a friend who wrote a novel. 
gonna rip some more people off i see 
i've got new #niteflirt goodies for sale! check them out here: …. 
amazon crushed it with same day shipping. i needed a projector. ordered last night and got it this morning with plenty of time before meetup. that was super solid. 
no bc i thought that too i almost had a heart attack … 
i think he knows that it's lockjaw now guys. 
i love making a difference in somebody's life. #happiness #kindnessmatters 
i’m really that bitch … 
totally agree. i think of twitter as entertainment- not education (for the most part). couldn't recommend this one enough for anyone looking to enter the markets. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist guitar r&b instrumental beat - "your love" 
i used links from credible sources, one a left wing news station and you still refute them. the obama administration gave money to our enemies. that’s a fact. the only argument you have left is to tell me cnn is using fox talking points? pathetic. 
i’m thinking about all the other shit i could’ve done with this money 
i won 5 achievements in 2 games for 125 #trueachievement 
i won 3 achievements in far cry 5 for 278 #trueachievement … 
i'd be okay with profit sharing my private data. like ok facebook you can sell the fact that i like to eat grilled cheese sammies on tuesday to advertisers, just give me a lil kick back. 
@ jefftufts4 any way i can watch or listen to the game? 
@ alexiaaa_8 i wonder how they stay in business with empty racks like that! … 
that's who i'm proud of. the select few that wanted to be dicks but chose not to. 
i tried to use my actual key to do that so many times in highschool 
who else would i impulsively take to michigan? @sugarloaf mountain … 
i might have to come home soon 
i was busy. sorry. … 
d850454a :battle id i need backup! lvl 50 celeste 
harvey weinstein assistant to mps: i was defrauded by non-disclosure agreement - 
i haven't gotten to class yet but i'm going to walk in red-eyed and snotty aaaaaaa he deserves so much!! i'm going to.. marathon soon.. 
i won 6 achievements in tomb raider: underworld for 415 #trueachievement … 
voted #keeplauraingraham on @ thetylt because i stand with laura ingraham … 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 38 #trueachievement 
i’m always right sis 
just the yoyogi shows i think. but osaka and nagoya were during winter break so i wasn’t here. i did manage to have the pleasure of hearing orange though =_= 
uhhhhhhh i need microsoft access to do my homework but i can't download it on my mac........ 
i’d like to thank my question of love course for helping me understand a lot of the literary references in blue is the warmest color 
i've tried, i don't think they know. only city and county stuff have designated days and times. i love all the $$$$ we are spending airport! 
i wish i had a time machine 
the business casual avenger, pt. ii really, i just don't feel like changing after work... live 
and even though i do periodically partake in it, the levels people push themselves too are wild.... 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 51 #trueachievement 
minky , i can’t breave!!! 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 69 #trueachievement 
i transitioned from having downloaded music on google play to spotify not too long ago i keep forgetting to add some of my old faves to my playlist that being said, coming across an old banger is so satisfying 
i won 3 achievements in far cry 5 for 292 #trueachievement … 
bitch i’m leaning 
plus i move home in a month 
i’m sorry for everybody 
i liked a @ youtube video subaru wrx review (awd performance pt.2) - everyday driver 
i hope trump supporters go and flip some quarters at her !!! she’s trash !!! 
i can’t explain how much i appreciate everyone who has checked up on me 
hi @ sp4joelleeyork! thanks for the follow! i just wanted to send you a quick video and say "hi!" 
fake polls i laugh in ur language bcos we are not sharing votes 
audience of, basically, an entire brigade of bored paratroopers. so, he drops his pants, shoves them downover his boots, we assume to prevent spatter, and grabs ahold of his chosen rope. one thing i should tell you about this kid is that he is white, i don’t 6/ 
i won the hell hath no fury achievement in the walking dead collection - the telltale series for 75 #trueachievement … 
i love tou 
i like when people try to tell me something im doing is wrong when i know 1000% for a fact what im doing is right lol 
i liked a @ youtube video brazucas naturalizados vs seleção brasileira - fifa experimentos 
i won 5 achievements in 2 games for 364 #trueachievement … 
i won 2 achievements in sea of thieves for 25 #trueachievement … 
actually, i believe governor greitens is forging a *third* way you may find opening before you, whatever you decide. 
i never saw this kind of passion when managing @ … 
i want to go ham on xmas if someone doesn't stop me 
i liked a @ youtube video the smallest jumpshot triple 
i won the swappy mcswappington achievement in letter quest: grimm's journey remastered for 8 #trueachievement … 
i just put some ice on my baby @ _yungbleu issa classic 
don’t switch on me i got big plans. 
that’s the best april fools i’ve read yet 
i think bert called caleb joseph a "leading lady" and i don't even know & now bert says that's a latroy thing wut. 
i don’t understand why a team would shift on freddie and leave the entire left center field gap wide open 
our relationship isn’t even something i care about at this point in my life. which is fucked up but that’s just how the cookie so happens to crumble these days. 
best hockey name? i always liked deadmarsh. 
i can’t stand anyone anymore 
team lead call transfer: job description what will i be doing? as a team lead call transfer you would be responsible for executing your position’s responsibilities in alignment with our spirit of service culture and driving company success through… 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 9 months (since 1 jul 2009). and you? 
i see why these names take off. i guess it appeals to the younger audience which rocket leagues viewership has a large majority of. just makes me cringe a little inside when i hear them and i don't think it's good from a professionalism standpoint haha 
i really hope so 
i'm sure there are many well-meaning people in mississippi as well ( i lived there for wayyyyy too many years) but i will never defend them nor shed the scarlet letter of living there. it just comes with the territory. life isn't always fair. good luck ridding ia of king. though. 
boston scored a lot of points in this first quarter on dumb shit, which shouldn't be sustainable. but when i've watched boston this year, "dumb shit that works" is a reasonable portion of their offense sometimes. 
calls* lmao i’m literally hollering what is this man 
it's been a phenomenal meet at @ fairgroundsnola and i couldn't have asked for two better gentlemen to work alongside. 
i won 4 achievements in cuphead for 121 #trueachievement 
i won the faithful heir achievement in final fantasy xv for 102 #trueachievement … 
sometimes (actually most times) i just wanna clout ignorant people in the head. 
oh boy. i think ya fucked up kiddo. good luck though. well not really 
@ dallascowboys get on this !! i wish 
thank you, dear babs!! i hope you have had a beautiful easter sunday!! 
@ solomonster i'm really sorry to hear about your beloved mother. i only today saw your tweet. stay strong and we will keep you and your family in our prayers. #mommamonster 
#goirish travel, forrizzle? can i see a replay. 
shit i forgot about that omg 
this weekend was amazing but i’m tired af!!! 
i see nothing :/ 
i won 6 achievements in hitman go (wp) for 122 #trueachievement … 
i april fooled myself by not dying again. 
i won the ghost-ride the whip achievement in dead rising 4 for 147 #trueachievement … 
i'm not a fan of vegas but i did do march madness there about 20 years ago and it was a blast. … 
my face after i used this white girl as a mop last night cause she 1. kept hitting me and bestie with her car door and 2. thought she could throw my phone and get away with it 
i would start blushing then … 
first line mentions hume, i don't rate hume. before i commit to reading all that text. does it (as i asked) give your definition of free will - because this is impossible without it. 
i’m so done with the whole love triangle thing. they’re about to kiss n i bet the girlfriend is gonna be watching and she’s gonna cry or something 
c7d78f90 :battle id i need backup! lvl 100 luminiera omega 
i bring up abortion, because it is a very good example of double standards. you demand unlimited rights to an abortion, but wish to severely curtail my god-given right, to own whatever property (or weapons) i choose 
#blackadderbot as far as i can tell, the message was he's got a terrible lion up his end so there's an advantage to an enema at once 
i won the souvenir from the nürburgring trophy in gran turismo sport for 30 #truetrophy 
u are só pretty i cant 
you’ve been arguing w her for tiiiime fam i seen the whole thread just leave it 
i’m bored as shit with life 
i gotta writte this down now :3 
everybody is in a nasty mood rn and i’m just sitting here eating chips like back tf way from, idk if your shitty vibes or contagious 
the reaction i get when i play or send my friends @ scottyatl’s new song #ratchet is pretty priceless. 
great work man. it gives me great joy to see ha in 2.0 . i love ha, been following v1x since and now 2.0! i hope we get a much more comprehensive docs website soon as some of ha's tools seem to be hidden. 
it wss the funniest thing ive seen on tv in a long time, i hope its on for another 10 years and i know its already got a 2nd season 
i liked a @ youtube video here's what happens when you drive through a car wash with no windows.. (ft. callux) 
i love this man 
too tall, too muscly, too mouthy. pretty, if you’re into scary women. i decided to find out if she was actually as bitchy as her irritated expression would imply. oh my god are those...kids? neeeeevermind. … 
possibly what you say is correct. i suppose you could say i’m “christian”, but i don’t practice organized religion, so i can’t really speak to that. i was raised catholic, but saw the treatment of of my mother by the church when she and my dad divorces when i was 14. 
thank you! beautiful beach. i need some summer 
@ carlyeicherr i’m scared of the thunder wbu 
i love your natural beauty. 
hate the fact that when i get rlly sad i pinch myself because i’m left with little bruises like on my fingers and arms with no explanation when people ask lmao 
i won 6 achievements in far cry 5 for 205 #trueachievement 
i won 3 achievements in wwe 2k17 for 57 #trueachievement … 
if i hear some stupid fucker yodel “daddy” one more time i swear to god. 
i won 2 achievements in far cry 5 for 139 #trueachievement … 
i have a picture of tetora nagumo sa ved on my phone that's apparently so high definition it's 4mb 
just seen this..i knew something about this wasn't right....... … 
no and why is because i can speak for myself. please look into why autistic people dont support them / that campaign … #redinstead #lightitupgold 
this era was awesome yet somehow i didn’t hype it enough 
now the #larams need to get their edge rusher and i strongly believe @ uchennan_42 would be a great fit in wade phillip’s … 
i hate that people wanna ruin someone’s shine because of shit said a while back... let the man shine … 
i said, i'm gonna marry her anyway marry that girl 
i won 4 achievements in 2 games for 98 #trueachievement … 
i haven’t splurged om makeup in a while. i need new foundation and lash glue but honestly i havent done my makeup since january 
i won 12 achievements in 3 games for 442 #trueachievement … 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 9 months, 19 days (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
@ lindseynbird i think you and i are moving this way. i think that is why there has been so much “questioning” this year. … 
i won 8 achievements in 5 games for 191 #trueachievement … 
i'm not in like. big trouble and everyone knows i was gone bit it's never fun 
i have been softblocked by a person i’ve talked to for weeks and i don’t understand why i thought we had something special charot ㅋㅋㅋ 
which one? nvm, i’d vote for either of them. 
it’s been so long since i’ve painted my nails a color other than black and i feel so happy 
if u wanna meet fav this i meant ********** ladies 
i’ll just leave this here. 
i can’t talk to somebody if we both mad , cause it’ll only make me more mad 
i wish i could come. wish someone will come w me to melb one, my gig buddy broke her foot so she’s out 
i won the blissful trophy in far cry 5 for 65 #truetrophy … 
i need to be the center of attention. look at me. 
i feel lucky to have had the pleasure of meeting you both and looking back on the experience of meeting you guys, the influence definitely shows. thanks for making a fan feel as appreciated by you as you are to them. 
i was literally so confused 
i won the online champion trophy in motogp 17 for 37 #truetrophy 
@ poole_mhs is it too late me for me to enroll in one of the 2021 officers i couldn't go on wednesday because i was too busy and had to re-tale a test 
these maternity pictures better have been worth the pain i’m in now. 
i have a easter basket full of candy...should i smash or nah?? 
i won the crew cut achievement in grand theft auto v for 7 #trueachievement 
i love this so much by just staring at this my eyes are tearing up everything is so perfect i love bts 
how did this get 5 favs and rt, what if i am dying 
i won 2 achievements in army of two for 32 #trueachievement … 
i won 2 achievements in train sim world for 374 #trueachievement … 
dude are you kidding me? keep the pick instead of getting kyrie? when hayward went down we weren’t winning it all anyway. if this team can do what they have done without hayward and now kyrie. i’m sorry let’s see what this team looks like next year with everyone plus another star 
when you get sent this.. ugh words can’t explain how much i love you! 
so it snowed today and i officially vow to never live in illinois ever again 
i express myself so much through my writing 
panthers up 2-0 devils down 1-0 flyers down 2-1 if the panthers make it i may die wow 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 4 months, 13 days (since 22 nov 2013). and you? 
i wouldnt mind adding origen but im not a fannof tertulian! 
i feel honored to have been told that i look like lisa bonet, you (alicia keys), kerry washington, aaliyah haughton, have eyes like janet jackson (my mom told me this), and a smile like michael jackson. i might as well be a celebrity, lol. love you alicia 
i think you’re right! 
i do my main shopping at morrison’s they can go fk themselves now, is there any large supermarket that has not jumped on the halal bandwagon?why when islam is supposed to be a bloody minority in this country, i’m fkn sick this it’s getting harder& harder to find non halal al food 
i won the i got this achievement in ea sports ufc 2 for 44 #trueachievement … 
i won the make it count achievement in thehunter: call of the wild for 16 #trueachievement 
i just added this to my closet on poshmark: benefit they’re real push up liner beyond blue. via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i won 9 achievements in the book of unwritten tales 2 for 376 #trueachievement … 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 741 #trueachievement … 
i won the level 10 achievement in tera for 20 #trueachievement points 
i won 6 achievements in far cry 5 for 209 #trueachievement 
i won the turn of events achievement in the food run (win 10) for 22 #trueachievement … 
i won 4 achievements in 2 games for 230 #trueachievement … 
harass me about how much water i need 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 18 #trueachievement … 
i won 2 achievements in diablo iii: reaper of souls - ultimate evil edition for 46 #trueachievement … 
i won 8 achievements in dirt showdown for 170 #trueachievement … 
i won 9 achievements in 6 games for 168 #trueachievement 
i won 9 achievements in 3 games for 229 #trueachievement … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist star wars black kid vine 
i won 4 achievements in far cry 5 for 148 #trueachievement … 
what ? of course i do. i'm ready for you to tell your story. what's going on here ? 
i won 2 achievements in far cry 5 for 49 #trueachievement … 
i won 2 achievements in the witness for 149 #trueachievement 
i won the contract assassin achievement in hitman for 35 #trueachievement … 
i will try my best to spread it, hope she's ok. 
i won 2 achievements in dynasty warriors 6 (jp) for 82 #trueachievement … 
the little kid behind you was ready to risk it all 
i won the walls of the ruler achievement in assassin's creed origins for 68 #trueachievement … 
i won the from blue to bluebell achievement in lego city undercover for 17 #trueachievement 
oh i don't mind the mess. i do mind trash thrown around, dirty dishes everywhere and constantly have to talk to them about it. oh, and dirty clothes on bathroom floor ! 
that is messed up. i don't think that was in the sentencing. wrong is wrong ergo prison but a deal is a deal. $2- to put your life on the line 
i won 13 achievements in wwe 2k18 for 479 #trueachievement … 
i’m at a 8 year olds birthday party and all the kids are recording and taking selfies with the birthday girl 
when i look at my last tweet and see that someone replied but when i click on it nothing is there. lol damn that shit is annoying why comment if i cant see it. 
speaking of, i also went to meijer to get ibuprofen and guess what i didn’t get 
i won 11 achievements in far cry 5 for 237 #trueachievement 
i won 31 achievements in 3 games for 2368 #trueachievement 
i liked a @ youtube video sale!! roblox: dance your blox off ~ ballet & hip hop 
i won 3 achievements in sea of thieves for 107 #trueachievement … 
why does it hurt when i see things that are so beautiful…? it’s so strange… 
i have bad vibes about naka after this #wrestlemania 
a young couple was called to heaven before they could be married. the disappointed groom took st .peter aside and asked him if it was possible for them to be married. "i'm afraid you'll have to wait," st. peter... … 
i won 3 achievements in 3 games for 30 #trueachievement … 
i won 4 achievements in the walking dead - a new frontier (win 10) for 168 #trueachievement … 
i mean if you can get to one commercial break it’s a miracle. and so many public places has this s?!/ on. 
i won 3 achievements in far cry 4 for 94 #trueachievement 
i think so and idk even know you lmao … 
i won the only you achievement in far cry 5 for 76 #trueachievement 
aska lost. i wasn't expecting that. 
last year i was in orlando for mania. this year i'm in bridgeton. shoot for the moon. reach for the rainbow. have a dream in a scheme. 
i won 7 achievements in 2 games for 225 #trueachievement … 
when am i not drinking champagne 
i won 14 achievements in far cry 5 for 353 #trueachievement … 
i won 34 achievements in 6 games for 1599 #trueachievement … 
don’t know why i agreed to this damn movie date! ima fall asleep! i can feel it. 
i won the liberator achievement in far cry 5 for 12 #trueachievement 
i’ve never heard of this sharon flake book...it sounds right up my student’s alley! thanks for sharing! #teachershelpingteachers 
and i love the turquoise ring and blue nails you paired with it 
you know what i like about s 
i liked a @ youtube video twice "what is love?" m/v 
i won the necro dancer achievement in tera for 58 #trueachievement 
i won the score fiend achievement in shoot 1up (wp) for 10 #trueachievement … 
i listened to an entire segment on newstalk1010 with ryan doyle. the party may contribute but primarily they organize the bus and provide light snacks and water. other than that members of the media pay for the bus. 
i've noticed cameron and his friends are really good at getting things done. so i'm sure he'll finish whatever it is he started to write. not all people can multitask, i know. in fact, some people can do nothing but tweet all day. 
pretty sure my mind is so frazzled all the time cos once when i was little i stuck a pair of tweezers in an electrical outlet 
i haven’t eaten dairy in a week and i’m still not in a stable relationship with clear skin and direct career goals isn’t that how this is supposed to work 
i won 4 achievements in 3 games for 337 #trueachievement … 
i won the agency athlete achievement in crackdown for 27 #trueachievement … 
i won 3 achievements in far cry 5 for 99 #trueachievement … 
i blocked so many irrelevant fucks off my twitter . if you werent blocked be happy 
i won the the lord of lies achievement in diablo iii: reaper of souls - ultimate evil edition for 29 #trueachievement … 
we've beaten isis? first i heard about it. 
i'll keep you to this … 
i say it all the time my boy winslow has to figure out “touch & english” around the hoop! 
my baby daddy isn't even going to be in the room, he doesn't want to be and i don't want him to be.. it's strange but i haven't even got a birthing partner yet 
same i’m getting fatter by the day :( … 
i liked a @ youtube video facebook ceo mark zuckerberg tries to define hate speech 
lmao whatever. i'm just keeping tabs on gary and stanton now. crossing my fingers this team wakes up soon. 
i liked a @ youtube video fortnite battle royale - gameplay trailer (play free now!) 
best thing i've seen in a long time, i thoroughly enjoyed it!! you totally rock!!!!! 
sure is. when i was in vegas last month it seemed even bigger than it was the last time i had been there 
sometimes i wonder if our dreams ever intertwine. 
burn the stage goes up whilst i’m at uni tomorrow i’m gonna scream 
on one hand i can't wait to get this scan over with to find the source of where this pain/sensation is coming from. on the other hand i'm scared. i don't want to be told it's something that requires an op or going to hospital. still got 9 days until my appointment 
i hope you are right. but i am not convinced. i'm glad zach's book has been a success, but it's success is surely linked to him having a fanbase that preexists. it will be hard to replicate in the future 
i hope she hurry tf up 
if you guys would ask nicely, then i may answer you.....but you all have been pretty pushy, and rude. a guy called me gay, i was called a bitch by a dog, and a female called me a dick. try being nice. 
i just went and customized them i just gotta get the money 
i swear if they actually give her that name in a ftwd appearance... 
cause when all these other albums get old, i goes right back to anti. 
what are your dreams for the future — career wise, be a makeup artist. not career wise i wanna meet owen teague and bill skarsgård!! … 
happening now!! i'm mixing live on 4 elements radio with the in the zone podcast. i'm calling… 
3fbb2456 :battle id i need backup! lvl 75 luminiera omega 
man being a philly fan takes years off of ya , but i stay true to my teams , they'll come thru soon enough : the eagles for example 
i think you may have just changed my life. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 1 month, 18 days (since 22 feb 2013). and you? 
moomoos getting mad at this tweet and calling me sexist when i obviously put two of the most hated groups in here on purpose 
new season of #southerncharmsavannah and #sweethome ordered! i really hope my fav @ ashborders is back. congrats @ mizzwelch @ joshwelch_ & #pumps so looking foward to seeing fantastic designs & having some belly 
i’ll get past it but i’ll never forget about it! 
i'm at @ crackerbarrel old country store in clinton, 
i must admit i can't see why a chemical weapon attack is worse than other types of attack. if people are dead, what difference does it make what killed them? 
no, what i want is workers having democratic control over the companies they work in. i don't care what the government does particularly as long as they support the workers. also, the market has relatively little to do with how businesses are structured internally. you can... 
❝ since you bring yourself down... i'll just have to bring you up! ❞ she lifts up shizu and twirls with her. did she make a pun. wow. 
spa day! love it. i’m going to use that .... happy bookmobile day! 
u sexy u fine i rlly wanna make u mine 
i saw the news people too! there is always something happening there 
i seen this before on terminator...but they have zuckerberg in hearings! … 
so the doctors office messaged me back and asked what i cut my finger on and if it needs stitches. i cut it on a dog food can so now i know they will say i need a tetanus shot cause i have no clue when i last had one. do people really keep track of when they last had one 
and then you get to serious matters, like the news media selling the war in iraq- of course saddam has wmds; the experts told us so. the reason i bring this up is because this phenomenon gets applied to, of all people, the video game press. 
i have to be better about praying and not worrying after 
i won the centenary achievement in overwatch: origins edition for 61 #trueachievement points … 
so happy james and i got a house in oro valley i’m over the east side lol 
hello 911 i’d like to file a report i’m being threatened … 
i will misssss youuu 
thank u so much baby i love u i love u i loooove uuuuuu <33 
i won the i got this achievement in robocraft infinity for 32 #trueachievement … 
lol me too bud me too 
exactly how i felt last year about the wolves. makes free agency so much more interesting, especially this year. 
i choose chaos. 
jungkook what the fuck. u dont have any single idea how much i miss u damn 
maybe true, but it is the 30 minutes of my life i am least looking forward to! … 
lol i was just lookin out! i texted you a while ago, all good? 
i guess you don’t need a break when you don’t have advertisers 
@ niia this video is fire and i cant wait to see you saturday. … 
it’s such a pretty color i loved having purple hair 
if this is the standard for suspensions this playoffs. there will be a lot of suspensions coming up. i’d say marchand is suspended by game 4. 
i just bought a new ferrari f12berlinetta in #csrracing for ios #sweetride. download it for free! 
i am embarrassed to be a kentuckian tonight. the ire i have grown to have toward bevin is immeasurable. … 
i don't do insults my friend :) 
both can go there as far as i'm concerned.. the both deserve it 
…when i’m with you, i just get this feeling that i’ll find out how i know you and we’ll become closer… but… for some reason, that makes me want to cry. 
unemployment payment. havent worked for 7 years should be on a pension which is roughly double $$ they wont recognise me as ill. so i get to sit here in poverty also. #auspol 
i heard it was a good one 
wen i got a lot on my chest i just call my cous @ _talibanreece & let it all out. she the only one understand me & i kno fashit sho i will never hear what i said again!!!! 
what city are u in? i think someone hit a transformer in rowlett at miller and cheisa. 
follower -1, unfollowers - 0. i didn't know i was this awesome. get your daily stats via . 
mattis against bolton i trust mattis 
i just remember god is always in control .. so i’ve learned to cruise 
"good. i'm glad you're taking a little break, you deserve it. don't work yourself into the ground." he actually laughs at that comment, "well, you know, i'm standing upright and there isn't a hole though me anymore." 
all the people at every dog park in my area are 3x my age. this is why i’ll never make friends 
guys....we've made it to the main card. i'm proud of us. #ufcglendale 
i got the last draft bud light ever from the og bb rooners. 
i never understood the point of that it’s tacky … 
easy to say that he feels relieved to hear that she's doing good so far, a reply text was sent out seconds after : - "i'm glad to hear it, fate; and don't let you that curiosity of yours get the best of you! it's just something nice." 
oh i really want that @ shawnmendes follows me … 
@ raffdegruttola hi raff how are you and simone and skye doing? i have epilepsy gone 5 years with no fits and no one will give me a job cos of it something to do with health and safety policy, i think it's so wrong what do you think raff ? love your utube videos raff amazing xx 
playoffs all day is a beautiful thing but i can’t even watch it cause i’m on the clock 
raiders. i remember distinctly freaking out at the face-melting scene. 
i posted a new video to facebook … 
i have spent all day searching conway and surroundings for homes for our firms qualified buyers! sad to say that there is not much to choose from. folks, listen up! if you have ever even considered... … 
lmao i broke my phone so now i have to use an ugly ass blackberry watch me never pull out my phone in public 
i'm following you for this dan 
but when i look at it, it reminds me of the good times i had… i think that rings are things that bind memories to the person who wears them. 
i'm the victim of nobody !!!! 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 10 months (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
i'm more invested in films than in shows anymore for myself/become somewhat well known 
i miss you too chels 
why do 5usa keep showing the same episode of #csi i have seen this episode about 7/8 times in the past 3 weeks 
482561fe :battle id i need backup! lvl 100 yggdrasil omega 
@alfordteasternh whose ideology resembles your own that is currently in congress or past member of congress? i'd like to know prior to promoting your candidacy? 
@ whitney_wonders i have a question. 
this shift is going by fairly quickly. i’m ready to go home! 
listen. i will be laughing for a while. 
i thought she meant sir elton john. i was disappointed, but i would die if that actually happened omg. … 
i hope they handle the superstar shakeup better than last year, where everyone just showed up on their new brand for no reason or introduction #raw 
exactly i’m not leaving my iced white mocha and passion tea lemonades w raspberry for one racist employee y’all buggin 
i already do 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 11 months (since 17 may 2011). and you? 
sorry, what i mean is: drivers are already not supposed to go straight across quinpool from/to vernon/quingate but they still do. how will these other intersections be different if they only have right/left turn only arrows and not physical barriers? 
i'm really going to buy this hoody knowing damn well it ain't about the album lol 
i’m sorry don’t yell at me 
@ patasoderlund hey patrick, where do i submit some ideas and information for ea/dice if they listen thanks 
i’ve been craving for enchiladas. but i get home too late from work to make some for dinner. 
i wish i had taco bell 
aw she is cute i’d do it 
i want unfettered access to you 
i won 3 achievements in burnout paradise remastered for 329 #trueachievement … 
and to make matters worse, the bug bite i thought i had is actually a ganglion cyst caused from overusing my wrist. something basically untreatable. i have to go to an orthopedic doctor to get “evaluated” 
i won 3 achievements in lego star wars: the force awakens for 42 #trueachievement 
jason where's the link that states social conserv are linked to terrorism...and what about this nutjob in hamilton i've lived in hamilton 20yrs links pls!! 
and i will 
i’m here, someone tryna catch hands? 
i wanna go to disneyland 
only took me til my senior year of college to figure out i actually do quality work in the library 
they snapped harder than my bones after watching it for the tenth time i love it so much 
this is why i deactivated 
top 5 films of all time? — i feel like i beat these films over everyone's head on my social media bc i honestly do not have... … 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 10 months, 18 days (since 30 may 2012). and you? 
if i pay for dinner, i’m not sucking dick or participating. imma just lay there. 
i know that sad feeling all too well.. i hope you’re able to find your way to happy again soon. 
i won 2 achievements in aca neogeo metal slug 3 for 167 #trueachievement … 
i have 3 cubs hats lol 
just sad...i wonder why yhere is no news coverage 
i got a brazilian wax the other day and it made me feel two ways 
i liked a @ youtube video ipl 2018 mi vs rcb match 14 : evin lewis full match batting #rcbvsmi highlights,mi vs 
i won the dark horse achievement in assassin's creed origins for 44 #trueachievement … 
one more hour left till the end of my pager shift and then i can bring this damned flipphone back to the clinic and stop checking it incessantly every 4 minutes to make sure i havent missed a page 
still the same for me and i don't have an update 
i think strained my hip flexor 
i liked a @ youtube video the fugees - ready or not 
there's nothing i want more in this world than somebody who loves me naked 
i miss jason from the good place why must i wait so long for a return 
we have not, and honestly? i am shocked 
every time i see the mcdonald’s mcgriddle commercial, i think of @ henryq1223 love for sausages. #ccaaammmmmmerrrrooooonnn 
i won the emmett finds his muse trophy in back to the future: the game - 30th anniversary edition for 18 #truetrophy 
the street. softly, just ever so, she muttered: " i think it goes like this. " she did not leave any from what tsukishima said painful. 
i won’t let y’all down 
i hit my 7 iron like daly hits his 3 wood. 
i’m getting cyber bullied mr ross will be hearing about this 
wtfffffff, i'm seen some bs, it's a bit like this. loool … 
coolest shirt give away i've seen! … 
i’ll help you get started. here’s my cashapp 
i think auto correct has done it’s job well 
i saw that too!!! absolutely incredible and inspiring. 
and this is one of the reason why i love this team. … 
i have terrible lighting in my room haha. .. 
nct: we gotta say i love you to the bitches who literally mob us and disrespect us? alright … 
i don't want to know what happened here #fallout4 
i’m so glad i tuned in to watch the referees blow their whistle every time the heat are on offense 
ew no i just left the gym 
i won 12 achievements in life is strange: before the storm for 451 #trueachievement … 
…you shouldn’t give so much of yourself to me. i’ll… probably make you sad. 
i won the kraken good job achievement in sea of thieves for 45 #trueachievement … 
i won 9 achievements in 2 games for 338 #trueachievement … 
i. suck. at. texting. 
i won 11 achievements in gears of war 4 for 489 #trueachievement … 
i have some great news to share with everybody! all episodes of it takes a thief are available on the discovery app! 
i won the jump ship achievement in mortal kombat x for 25 #trueachievement … 
i love how the yankees have yet to find a real long term solution to 1b and 2b. production from both positions has been ass since 2014. 
i am trying bb ;* 
i liked a @ youtube video {ytp} meet the engineer who lags 
i won the cyborg fever 7 achievement in dangun feveron for 38 #trueachievement … 
#gamestruck4 i hate you if you haven’t played these 
i won the the fight begins achievement in hellblade: senua's sacrifice for 90 #trueachievement 
i won 14 achievements in 3 games for 1827 #trueachievement … 
i won the thank you for watching! achievement in amazing princess sarah for 51 #trueachievement 
i won the medieval age achievement in battle ages for 76 #trueachievement … 
omg thank youuuuu i'm praying praying praying the twitter resurrection of vampires in publishing is for real 
well i used liz in persona but apparently she's not getting in and i hardly played bb that much but i really wanted litchi in bbtag but not looking good there. i want to try ruby because she has testament scythe and a couple of his normals, lol...maybe give orie a shot... 
wow it’s 7:59 and i think i’m drunk 
i won 2 achievements in subject 13 for 140 #trueachievement … 
can i be honest, if he is just going to drop passes after some contact or get intercepted by some shorter guy 8 times outta 10 then it’s not gonna make much of a difference. i’d rather have some tuning updates or changes to gameplay. why aren’t we getting that? seriously though 
i won the let's cook! achievement in the witcher 3: wild hunt - game of the year edition for 17 #trueachievement … 
like seriously, i dont walk into a room quoting assata shakurs biography everyday. but god damn, if they don’t mention the bible constantly. 
i liked a @ youtube video splyce vs team kaliber-cwl seattle (1080p 60 fps) -call of duty ww2-esports vods live 
i need at least one pair of these adidas yung 1’s 
nearly 15 acres of woods burns in fire near i-26 in lexington 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 11 months, 27 days (since 24 apr 2011). and you? 
i won 8 achievements in gears of war 2 for 257 #trueachievement … 
*looking at a 2 year old’s drawing of a butterfly, which is just a bunch of scribbled lines. i lean in to the kid & whisper* what is this some kind of a game to you? 
i liked a @ youtube video real doctor vs tv doctor | medical drama myths | doctor mike 
i won 2 achievements in warframe for 145 #trueachievement 
i won 8 achievements in far cry 5 for 207 #trueachievement points … 
i finally feel like i’m not too much 
i feel like this is half the conversation i have with my parents 
i liked a @ youtube video gordon ramsay wheres the lamb sauce-animated 
i didn't realize @ joelosteen was still a thing. 
i mean shit i find a freshly baked cupcake attractive so i guess that makes me a cheater lol 
should i book this trip? 
omg. i used to do this … 
i know that but how do you do it on halo online 
listen all i’m saying is the majority of people who ship cordeuva are caucasian what does that tell you 
1 new tweep followed me in the last day. i find relevant people to follow with the #copyfollowers feature 
it was great to be the smartest shithead in my group of parking lot, pot smoking, misfit friends and enemies before i was suddenly thrust into an ecosystem where everyone was smart with years of practice being smart. 
ahhh i’m still waiting for the plushies, i’m so excited! i cant wait i’m definitely getting one 
i won 8 achievements in sea of thieves for 388 #trueachievement … 
its bc they're basically soulmates. im such a romantic i know sue me 
someone help me decide should i get cute and leave my house again 
i won 18 achievements in 3 games for 983 #trueachievement … 
i liked a @ youtube video foy vance - she burns & upbeat, feelgood | mahogany session 
now you see why ion fuck with you like i used too 
have you seen her writing skills? it's 3rd grade level at best. i think you're overestimating her. 
i won 3 achievements in fallout: new vegas for 43 #trueachievement … 
i won 8 achievements in 2 games for 416 #trueachievement … 
i won the now you can come in achievement in dying light for 35 #trueachievement 
suddenly i'm giving you all of my attention 
i won the power player achievement in ori and the blind forest: definitive edition for 22 #trueachievement … 
i won 10 achievements in aca neogeo samurai shodown iv for 911 #trueachievement … 
i wish i lived closer to the beach 
thank you for letting me know. i'm now wondering how many were affected by that, too. 
hmm. of all the ferrets i've had in my life i realise aggs is the only one i haven't worn as a hat. too small perhaps, more a fascinator than a hat. and i hear those are now passé? so it could be a question of fashion. the one in my profile image is ptolemy. 3 legs. a tricorne. 
sheneka adams just really looks like she’s living her best caucasian life on ig and i’m loving it. 
i won 23 achievements in the wolf among us for 868 #trueachievement … 
i won 6 achievements in tt isle of man for 223 #trueachievement … 
i won 3 achievements in assassin's creed the ezio collection for 115 #trueachievement points 
unfortunate i always liked these 
i won 3 achievements in hellblade: senua's sacrifice for 383 #trueachievement … 
i won 9 achievements in 4 games for 357 #trueachievement 
i won 5 achievements in 2 games for 373 #trueachievement … 
i really can’t help you then i’m sorry 
i won the divisional commander achievement in call of duty: wwii for 42 #trueachievement 
i won the shopaholic achievement in the witcher 3: wild hunt - game of the year edition for 89 #trueachievement points … 
wish i didn’t have to work tomorrow damn it! i’ll have to wait until after work to watch. 
i won the let the good times roll! achievement in the witcher 3: wild hunt - game of the year edition for 92 #trueachievement … 
i won the endgame achievement in the witness for 188 #trueachievement 
i won the bloody business achievement in the walking dead - a new frontier (win 10) for 21 #trueachievement … 
i won 12 achievements in 2 games for 340 #trueachievement … 
because i was there* 
follower - 1, unfollower - 1. i didn't know it'd be this simple. get your daily stats via . 
as a basketball writer for 8 years i had to learn to remove myself from bias. this is a legit sentiment. nba fans will love watching the jazz objectively. … 
i'm depressed i lost my $40 lashes and i wore them twice 
for people sleeping on my photos, i just send them this 
i wanna get home because i have an idea for how to get fighting animstions done better. 
i hate myself for being a stupid 'coz i fall for some who can never appreciated me and my damn feelings :/ 
i accidentally posted it in a tweet once. it’s been deleted. 
i won the hooked achievement in fallout 4 for 20 #trueachievement … 
i won the bittersweet achievement in dying light for 72 #trueachievement 
worry about what i don’t post 
i won 5 achievements in the walking dead collection - the telltale series for 121 #trueachievement … 
i won 6 achievements in the bug butcher for 620 #trueachievement points … 
i won 5 achievements in 2 games for 105 #trueachievement 
and i’m not going to a single one.. don’t remind me :( … 
i won the new world settler achievement in monster hunter: world for 21 #trueachievement … 
i won 24 achievements in 3 games for 629 #trueachievement … 
at this time in three weeks i'll be at home in my bed and i can't wait 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist how to swaddle a baby / swaddle a newborn baby 3 easy ways 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 92 #trueachievement … 
i won 2 achievements in kingdom come: deliverance for 90 #trueachievement 
i won the arcade competitor achievement in far cry 5 for 39 #trueachievement … 
i won 15 achievements in 2 games for 230 #trueachievement points … 
as long as i’m making money i can spend it too 
i won the derby champ achievement in r.b.i. baseball 18 for 127 #trueachievement … 
i liked a @ youtube video all your responsibilities hitting you at once like: 
i won 6 achievements in metro: last light redux for 167 #trueachievement … 
i won 5 achievements in assassin's creed syndicate for 179 #trueachievement … 
@ comcastcares this is across the street closer to the high school. as i understand it, teens did this. 
i won 2 achievements in 2 games for 81 #trueachievement … 
i won 15 achievements in 4 games for 642 #trueachievement 
i thought i wanted to be a software engineer or a history professor. a few months after working at the plainsman, i realized journalism was what i wanted to do with my life. 
i'm brand new #new 
yall don't get this wrong, i still stan this moron but it's high time he educates himself 
anybody that has ever played basketball in the state of alaska, that’s had the pleasure of rod sr reffing their games knows just what i’m talking about 
i also have a few @ reba @ lindsayell @ coleswindell @ jason_aldean haha guess y’all know you made it when there so many of you my country music maybe one day we can get some the real mccoy’s to follow us whatcha think @ mrbobbybones check out my #imposters! 
i ain't much on fashion noooova. me and rainbow ain't neva been friends … 
acid rap was such a good mixtape, a shame i won't listen to it nomore 
we can agree to disagree haha, i see what you are saying and i understand it but its more than the definition of taking. 
i don’t think he knows wtf he’s saying 
that’s the best pr smile and dance!! i mean, who has this much fun working out?! cuesters!! … … 
this is everything i want out of a game 7 
no face is my friend i'd trust him with my life 
i'm joining the movement to support refugees to make a life here in australia. will you? #refugeeswelcome @ auscrsi 
okay if i can’t get a shawn and troye @then @ dancetous is highkey gonna rise 
and i vacuumed! i love procrastination. i got bad grades but at least my room is clean! 
stagecraft has never made me feel so fucking stupid as it just did. i literally feel like the biggest fucking idiot and it’s all because i don’t know how to use construction tools. this makes me hate theatre. 
i liked a @ youtube video landon cube - drive my car (dir. by @ _colebennett_) 
i was just refreshing your page making sure you didn’t 
i must help the papacy! the king of the lombards, desiderius, has betrayed pope adrian i and has started to invade papal states. after the pope sent ambassadors to me, i went down to italy and have pushed the lombards back and i'm beginning my siege on the lombards. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist lanco - greatest love story 
did i just read nickis cackle … 
why do i feel like @ krisjenner is having a crisis meeting about @ kanyewest ! him in that #maga hat is just too much. i’m all for opinions but cmon it’s trump ! 
i liked a @ youtube video how to enable animated desktop wallpaper in windows 7/8/8.1/10 with wallpaper engine 
just retweeted anime girl and now i wait to lose more followers 
i wonder what it feels like to have hair that doesn’t fall out. i also wonder how bald men would feel knowing there’s more hair on the wall in my shower than they’ve probably ever had on their head in their lifetime. 
hi i've been hurting but hows zit going? 
no, i haven't tried that one. 
i hope not this saturday in dc! how about instead of dancing around and twerking, you just sing and let your background dancers do all the work? 
that’s what i’m saying! i’m nice (: i don’t dislike nobody 
this poor woman. i for one am tired of seeing people of colour being treated like filth. i cannot tell u how many times i've encountered stupid store employees & have asked for the corporate #to complain. ms clemons did nothing wrong … 
i hope all you guys are at the front of the line.....and by all you guys i mean everybody that is at the #tcmff sending love. 
i’m so stressed that i won’t become everything i thought i could be 
"oh go away mum i'm trying to sleep!!' #chihuahua 
i said bae it’s a snack he said it’s a entrée #stuckinmyheadallday 
i haven’t had a pimple in so long i finally found stuff for my face that actually works 
at a bar ordering water so im not upset when i throw my beer #billsmafia 
right it was so embarrassing because i didn’t think i was wearing anything bad and the guy that dress coded me made me feel so dumb 
today is one my college buddies birthday and it amazes me how we use to be in mob class and he would say shay i must work hobson me and so and so gon run up there. look at me boy now! he really up he lol..blessings on your day ali g! 
i'm not particularly sure i like the way it ended... loved the fight between thanos and hulk... among others … 
...and you got me..i use sarcasm to reply to stupidity...thought you were doing the same... 
y’all gone make forever 21 sell out of that rose dress i love y’all. 
funny. after sleeping on it and watching “highlights”, i hate the pick. football is dumb like that. haha 
i tried that once for movember. it almost resulted in drastic changes in my personal life. 
literally no one uses hotel shampoo. it’s cheap and nasty and just for show. i’m white and it ruins my hair so it’s certainly not for us. maybe it’s dog shampoo? 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 25 days (since 2 apr 2013). and you? 
feeling truly lucky to be able to say that i love what i do. i can’t imagine picking a better or more rewarding career 
right?! lol i didn’t use it around my nose because it brought out my pores but i liked it on my cheeks area lol! it was so thick that it covered a lot 
i also got tickets for patty’s tei class so that makes me happy too! 
i angry tweeted this im sorry i thought u were there yet 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist battlefield 1 rap by jt music feat. neebs gaming - "the world's the 
i can not wait! #days needs a crazy villain to shake things up. welcome back 
i know what i’m doing for the next few hours 
so again, if you think my tweets are annoying, that’s your problem. just go ahead and unfollow/block me. i really have nothing to lose lol 
i love him … 
you know i never meant to let you down, i would have gave you everything 
"one time he farted an entire plum. i was plum surprised" 
things i promise i won’t do when im drunk at formal trying to have a good time: 1. check my email to see if my organic chemistry prof has finally responded to say whether or not she’ll round my 89.6 to a 90 2. coke 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 1 month, 10 days (since 19 mar 2012). and you? 
lions have one good year against a rodgerless packers and they’re all big and bad now y’all got jokes lions, i’ll give you that. 
your video @ weeklychris made me tear up a bit when you spoke of depression but also opened my eyes. money is powerful and its so easy to abuse its power but i'm glad you've seen the brighter side of things. thank you for opening up and sharing a piece of you. 
i have cooked dinner and talked about dinner for many sports guys. larry bird. reggie miller. peyton manning. drew breezy etc etc 
since you and anna are best friends i am your friend by default 
i'm going with #connell tonight cuz he's a very fair and good cop so i'm gonna try my luck with him! #9pmroutine 
drafted the 2 corners i wanted first round.. ended up with both lol … 
she's the one i remember telling you that years back and it holds true still! 
i can't find my baby i don't know when, i don't know why 
i dunno about this moving back in with your family thing after what you've described before but i'm glad you're trying to move forward in life 
i have the perfect travel shoes for your next trip and the best part is, they are giving away 25 pairs! 
i think he went to design school at cracker barrel 
can i get a second rpp and fill it with dockless bikeshares? 
you're everything i've ever wished for. 
the snaps i get from my puppy daddy when i call him stressed and discouraged 
did he address the water in flint @ flintleadwater or just the usual hate speech and metrics, pathognomonic for extreme feelings of inadequacy? i expect he is so undone by @ michelleisawolf and her wealth jokes, that trumpf sends her his tax return. 
currently i’m living for her low pony or the long pony braid from the ntltc mv. … 
i ain’t 21, but i became cool w/ the owner of a store...now i get to buy liquor or beer w/o my id 
i had the opportunity to play with some great friends agains the @ jamaicalacrosse team today as they prepare for the @ filacrosse 2018. thanks @ coachw21 for having 
all i ever wanted: qua @ youtube 
i have no idea how to integrate them 
i suppose some things just had to happen 
a wall of my childhood i miss fable 
not as a celtics fan!!! i just miss seventeen games a day. 
i hate to hear a fat person say “my fat ass...” it just makes me uncomfortable cause i start sizing them up like damn you are big af. 
what could i have possibly done o make my ass hurt 
kumail... i can think of a few things to call you. 
my father doesnt know what to do with twitter. could you please look into his missing email? i can give you the address. 
my instagram meme account is your_great_grandma. here is the meme i'm posting tomorrow. 
you gave me back the smile that i lost once. thank you dear you x') 
lol i hate myself. why do i even bother trying to talk to people 
i like doing nothing. especially with you. 
i can literally be doing nothing but tell you i’m busy to avoid being otp or facetime 
best thing i've ever seen on the internet … 
do not nut on my glasses i need dem to see 
sometimes i just imagine al having ig and posting shit but also him having ig and posting aesthetically pleasing photos 
i wrote him back, a little confused, because i never took a photo of a 5-year-old girl. the only girl i photographed included in that spread of photos is 16 years old. 2/n 
i bet hundred percent you taller than me 
“i can go to 6 and get 4 for 5” 
character???? i think we know she has none. a porn star...give me a break. 
a very interesting thread, thanks. i personally don't think i'd ever cope with pairing. i can't deal having to code or think with others present. complete stage fright. having someone work on a problem with me literally prevents me from thinking... only way i can describe it. 
i've just created my tweets cloud using ! 
that’s what i need after this work day i’ve had 
wow. so i work a block away from hollywood blvd. the one day i decide to work at another location, n’sync was there for their star on the walk of fame. lit could’ve went during my lunch if i stayed. 
can i trust the intelligence ever again after what they've done to trump? right now no! 
is it weird that i now associate family feud with the arrowverse? #supergirl 
that seat only became available because democrats threw al franken under the bus tina included, mr painter was anything but silent on this issue, i welcome him to the democratic party with open arms, we are the party of inclusion ! … 
why is lionel richie playing in my brain ? 
i like the sparkles 
62d47cb0 :battle id i need backup! lvl 120 godsworn alexiel 
i was at the @ rivercats game yesterday, in the legacy club and said, “oh, will smith!” when he was announced. the bartender looked at me smugly and said, “it’s not that will smith” #iknow #sfgiants … 
if you follow me and i don't follow you, like this tweet so i can find you - i'm a follow-back guy, but also wise to the bots:) 
naw i’m disappointed in kanye today, fuck cuz. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist game theory: bowser's broken home in super mario 
today is one of the days that i’m done 
guys, i can't plug it back in.. 
i mean, side job? in case this podcasting bing doesn’t work out? 
i miss my mf baby 
can we please reunite at wings or mx or something like i’m like ty 
i have a cholesterol problem but i love a bacon an egg butty sometimes as a treat with a good dollop of dare i say brown sauce there i’ve said it , sorry have to go 10 big guys with riot gear banging on the door obviously missed their breakfast , smoked or unsmoked guys 
i just earned the 'iron man (level 14)' badge on @ 
listen i just want to be well enough to eat my damn leftover pupusas and potato pancakes 
i just thought that was in florida 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 1 month, 28 days (since 4 mar 2013). and you? 
fuck me in the ass 'cause i love jesus the good lord would want it that way gimme that sweet sensation of an irrational rationa... — is this you sabrina bc im wheezing … 
i find them validating and inspiring, actually. … 
i recently wrote about the history of the 1960 miles davis/john coltrane european tour. now, here’s my review of the new box set from the tour. … 
that moment of the month staring at my rent money like do i really wanna live here. 
i need to all the videos 
my time will come for that i’m greatful 
i need to own something versace 
bang bang, you shoot me down... bang bang, i hit the ground... 
i’m very impressed. justice is actually being served this postseason, and i am so here for it. … 
i’m thrivingggggg off this weather 
do you ever have one of those mental breakdowns where your dying laughing and sobbing at the same time cause i just had one of those lmao 
and maybe turn on some tunes and have a dance. i'm sorry you will not do it with the effortless groove of onesmo. but your clumsy efforts would have made him smile. 
this weather got me remembering who tf i isssss 
kanye can explain something as much as he wants, i still wont understand a damn word the moron is trying to say.. literally he tries to make it seem like he knows what hes talking about and its just nonsense in my book 
i can live with this 
@ loudobbs you speak for us and our sense of urgency tonight in every word you uttered throughout the entire show. your perseverance and confrontation is what trump needs more of...i.e., his old self. 
i want you in my life girl fck a solo .. 
i love u flow me 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 1 month (since 2 apr 2013). and you? 
nah i attend there 
what a rude person that was! go away, ninaturner! dragging your great-great-grandparents history of slavery by is not going to help you progress. most societies have been enslaved. mine was and i don't spend my life talking about it. btw, abraham lincoln = republican 
hello, chest! can you please not hurt when i breathe? i’m too busy for this right now :-) 
6 yrs ago i cared so much about what ppl thought of me and disappointing someone was my worst fear but now i’m down to do anything. u name it i’ll do it lmao. get fries tattooed on my wrist? ok did it. show my boss my tits ? did it. 
or do you just not remember shit about it and @ kconover and i are the only ones obsessed with it … 
yeah they will definitely play it for a long time! so, maybe when we both have the money for tickets, we could go (i also know very few people who would go to london to see musicals ) 
but i cannot definitely say that about anybody else, 'cause i don't definitely know. 
i remember being nervous on our first date sitting outside this house lol 
i’m low key scared to get tha 1.5 cuz i’m so used to me wolfing 
as a "flat earther" i simply can not accept this. how unfortunate. 
#blackadderbot yes, and i wish he wouldn't do that. it's very difficult to sleep with that sort of thing going on you know. being... 1/2 
watching the @ raptors take on the @ cavs and to be honest, i’ve never seen a top seed in a division this disappointing. it speaks of the strength of teams in the eastern conference. this raptors team won’t even place 4th in the west but they were the top seed in the east 
@ biggranny000 spawn points in deep mine tycoon needs to be lowered down, i keep spawning in the air every time i die 
i often totally disagree with martin keown, but i think he made some excellent points in this. i also think jermaine jenas is an excellent pundit who will often argue 'the popular' opinion to make a very valid point. really interesting punditry here. … 
i liked a @ youtube video insane amir khan bottle trick 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist fugget about it 202 - mennonites! (full episode) 
i never had hope for the raptors tbh 
one good thing i’ve noticed ever since moving to san diego is what a calm driver i’ve become. #nomoreroadrage 
sorry to hear that. i hope he is ok. the repealers have the neck to say prolife people are agressive!! they are getting so angry now because people see what they are at and no votes increasing as a result. #votenotoabortion. #ref8th #8thref 
i wanna be your “wife” w. your kid(s) not just the “baby mama”. 
u also listen to something once and call it a classic. so i’m sure u don’t 
i'm sorry the owner of this account is currently take a hiatus because she don't want to meet jjjjustino219 
in that case your comment is irrelevant to my point: i am specifically pointing out that sm has chosen to disregard of yunho and changmin's achievements as well. i consider myself ot5 and do not find your depiction of one such as me correct, therefore it is invalid to me. 
nobody force the us army to murder civilians,if they don't like that then maybe you should leave the army.the us army isn't protecting the us,they are waging illegal wars,steal natural resources,kill civilians,create failed states.why should i honor that military ?? fuck the army 
i checked in at archa nine thai kitchen on … 
it ain't the clout, it's what i'm bout, ya dig? 
lrt i fucking adore smashmaouth and now??? they are gods 
wait? did i read that right. missouri got an ol silence of the lambs, wild bill, its puts the lotion on its skin head ass govna?? hahaha 
stopped by to pay my respects to your dad, sorry i missed him... 
family tv night or should i say streaming tv night without commercial interruption -- watching s1e1 of "i lucy" via @ primevideo on @ 
no more love. i don't love anyone i fuck with and no one loves me. i thought i had that all cleared up. but here i am again. don't text me. don't call me. and don't breathe in my fucking face. 
i just wanna gain and maintain 
d- did you get the tickets though? and i will! i will make sure to get those tickets! even if i get the standing ones, i don’t care. i want my boys. … 
i’m used to it sometimes other times it catches me off guard and terrifies me 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 11 months (since 5 jun 2013). and you? 
it’s my brother’s wedding so i gotta put on the ol southern boi suit 
i'm at 越後湯沢駅 in 湯沢町, 新潟県 
i don’t which is why i have no friends 
to you my love @ maymayentrata07. i love everything about you yes everything. thank you for many reasons. unmmeasurable love to you. happy happiest birthday mahal. 
oh no i got in at 4 and work till around 10 haha but yeah i don't think i could read rn 
she blushes, "so, uh, yeah! rest well ok? i'll be here if you need me." she sits on the floor by the bed and starts her biology homework. 
aye somebody needa do that avengers pixel thing on a pic of joel embiid "coach, i dont feel so good" 
maybe someday tvt i wanna make a comic! 
ridiculous.. flat out i can’t right now 
i talk to the moon hoping it speaks to you most nights. 
i could score on murray’s glove side 
i got lost in him & it’s the kind of lost that’s exactly like being found 
i’m selling 2 backwoods for a dollar. shop w me 
i wish it was this temp 67’ forever i didn’t sweat one bit lol 
gosh i love @ japastu facial expressions on @ generalhospital hell, i just love him on gh in total! 
i’ve known tatiana longer, i’m sorry it had to be like this... 
he’s a really good coach, however, competence from the sixers would have them up 2-1 in the series. it’s a joke how they played down the stretch. that being said i respect stevens a lot. i’m just not into coach worship. 
dreamed i accidentally put diesel in a 1.25 litre plastic bottle instead of unleaded..twice. what kind of anxiety dream is that? 
all that shit is wack to me. this is why i always choose me lol 
i used shazam to discover kaia by charlotte bendiks. … 
@mods plz change the name of america to i like-a do whaaat?! 
i think it should be noted that they're down to a celtics squad without kyrie and gordon hayward .... fam . 
anyone have any idea why i'm now on youtube! 
ok so i'm finally diving down the rabbit hole that is the before trilogy and i just hope i like it ok 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 9 days (since 28 apr 2011). and you? 
well @shutuppuhl and i have our picks locked in for #wwebacklash ... unfortunately @ announcerterry isn't here to put the title on the line... next time gadget! next time! 
brilliant by fleury to jump over that puck so it didn't bounce off him and in. i've never seen a goalie do that. 
i’m sorry yall 
i see what you did there … 
update: they did not feed me. i’m hurt. … 
i kept having this weird reaccuring dream and it all of the sudden was slightly different like last week and since then i haven’t had it again 
such a tease. congrats cool guy!!!!!!!!!! i am beyond proud of you. i love you 
mccrae lake. we're on our wayback i now, stopped for supper in cookstown. 
it was great to meet them. i hope they're enjoying some quality with their puppy 
@ 1061kissfmdfw if you’d like to make @ stephheitman and i’s sunday, you will pay back all/some of our student loans. #makeoursunday 
written in these walls are the stories i cant explain 
this is amazing. i love how marvin's cape kinda has a life of its own. 
i never introduced hank to twitter 
you did awesome, i can't get enough of the song. i love you and take care 
don't mind me having an absolute canary at 1am when i realised i have two days to finish work that's realistically gonna take two weeks and also am i actually gonna do that work? no of course i'm not what do you think i am, responsible? 
i bet all these fashions make the #meggala ballroom look like a modern interpretation of olympus. 
"...rich in detail but also a fantastic read; i thoroughly enjoyed this humorous, but tragic journey." the cherubim rosewood - author larry d. shackelford #free with #kindleunlimited #christian #osfarg 
i aspire to go to the #metgala and be as casual as blake lively in her *on theme* dressing gown 
"how dare you not read through every side thread so i don't have to link to anything, which i still won't do!" like i said, goodbye. 
i would delete facebook just so i won’t have to deal with people tagging me in shit i don’t care to see. 
you’re not listening. im not built that way. i’ve met favorites. ive met goats. i don’t do “ham”. 
i love you more with mi corazon 
y'all fighting over which lightstick is cuter and i can't fight because snsd doesn't have one 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 10 months (since 7 jul 2013). and you? 
fck wish i was one of the photographers at that gala. 
i took a bombass nap then woke up and got weiji,,,, today was good 
i liked a @ youtube video babymetal - distortion (official) 
i said that’s my baby 
bad band maybe but the band obviously has therapeutic value to you. i say this as a veteran of jungian therapy. 
young thug would shut this carpet tf down that’s all i’m saying 
nicki is so creative. i love her. 
if a woman criticizes me, can i claim "abuse"? what sort of "abuse" are we talking about? all you russian-conspiracy-theory-peddling leftists tend to have a very low bar for "abuse," i think. 
tonight @ literaryarts announces next year’s portland arts & lectures line-up and i’m low-key freaking with anticipation 
“i want to take a pic up there but not while jc is there... can we just call mikey?”... if this doesn’t describe playlist idk what does 
i like #clearskintwitter wait or is this … 
i miss my dog so so much 
i been saving a zap for him!! 
i just saw acuña hit a homerun in person and i’m salivating. 
#blackadderbot no, no. i have won the battle, i have saved the kingdom i think i can find myself a horse! 
asdsa ae57475c :battle id i need backup! lvl 100 luminiera omega 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 10 months, 4 days (since 4 jul 2013). and you? 
i'm the you control you keys type but if it were facebook, i'd imagine it would control the keys for you. it's too broad of a product with too many normal people to force you up the learning curve of a seed phrase. it's an interesting idea maze to explore. 
cheer for us roke lokes. *clinks beer glass to you* but if you're broke, and i'm broke. who's flying the gotdam plane. i got fired from my first job mainly had to greet people and clean up their messy crap. my social anxiety shot thru the roof and deep into space. 
i don’t have a webcam so i scotch taped my phone to one of my monitors to facetime with my friend 
hypothetically speaking, next guy i'm with gotta be in the gym on the regular. not even because i like big guys, i just want someone who likes working out as much as i do..... and can put me on to some new workouts 
well thats good news. i wont have to rush then! ill just wait till other things of it come out. hopefully they'll be still delivered and i wont have to go to a con. ; n ; i cant afford to go to one yet. 
i got all of the materials in for my newest program! the water… … 
when i tell u i choked!! 
sorry if you have me added on steam and just got like seven notifications that i joined seven different george lopez groups 
thanks, i hate this 
apparently my grandma and i tire out the little one @renton,… … 
yeah? how many times has he gotten you into the playoffs? i seem to recall the packers missing the playoffs what, once since he has been gone? 
our last night for sure. i love miw, but i find myself listening to selective hearing every day 
why haven't i seen this tweet before!? … 
malecwings: i hate to see him so upset. his body language said it all in this scene… 
one time @ shrlck_lam was trying to come up with a cantonese version of “that’s what she said” except in cantonese there’s no gendered pronoun so he came up with “that’s what [they] said last night” (佢噚晚都係咁講) and i still think it’s brilliant 
here again...... but i'm a little late this time.. can't get enough… … 
i’m excited for season 7! i know you’re going to do an amazing job! @ schwartzapprovd 
i don’t know about treason but things could be done differently! 
i was obsessed with zodiac for years. and then i got friends hooked on his story. yesterday’s crimes: dna profiles and the murderers who might be zodiac - … 
shit i still wake up in sweats sometimes cause i think a paper is due that i didn’t write 
i got to meet my idol @ christrapper 3 years ago in columbus and it was rad! super nice and funny 
i’m been home all day on my off day 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 10 months, 5 days (since 4 jul 2013). and you? 
@ twittersupport hi! it's like two days that my followers don't have any notifications by me. i don't know what's the problem. it was working perfectly so far. also, my account was suspended two days ago for a bot suspicion due of my suspect activities. is this the probleme? 
i will never accept it 
i’m ready for the drama #empire 
i hire guys straight outta prison and i tell em exactly what reggie told me. i love every person that walks through my door. nobody can change yesterday. 
i finally did my brows today & i feel flawless 
two days of the week i was your main thing cause soon enough, i found out that the other days were taken 
i think this is 
i liked a @ youtube video hobo johnson - father (official audio) 
empress catja. my eldest baby (18 yrs old). found her in my parent's garage when i was home on leave. she was eating birdseed from a bag and weighed less than a pound. very first animal companion of my own. she's a firecracker but so snuggly. we curl up together every night. 
yay! i hope you have a fun time adventuring beth! 
please where did you get your cards! i love them... 
me: i hated this fucking book prof: so i really love this book, let's discuss it me: 
no words. i have no words. 
i want to talk about ancient jewish, and roman citizen, historian,… … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 2 months, 14 days (since 25 feb 2012). and you? 
i have nothing to watch on thursdays without superstore. i guess i'll watch this dramatic greys? 
what if i go to europe tho i'll be meeting url ppl and that's my entire itinerary 
i’m currently wearing a bralette, which i’ve read is a fashion bra. i am currently wearing it fashionably i think. i want to buy more clothes that match this because it’s freaking comfy #tmi 
i hate everyone and i@deactivating my twitter if anyone needs me i’ll be setting fire to the fox building 
love that i work at a place where being smart is still cool!! thanks for upholding the culture @ mrsj_foley @ msthornburg @ sid64ish @ skidtrhoades @ … 
this is what happens when you associate with those higher up the higher up you go the worse it gets. very few truly independent people. i like jake morphonios. good reporter. 
i want to see flitz alive not crushed 
they would be a great dark horse win!!! i agree, they clearly love what they do. what really got me in the nf was the engagement with the audience and the audience's energy and excitement, wow! although, it looked more tame in the arena, or was that just the camera angles? 
me: hey! i can finally relax for a bit so i can finish that indie game, the coma! sis: really? me: yeah! sis: you wanna play it right now? me: gimme a second i just gotta do some work. 
i'm just amazed people like you exist. you must be sooooo proud of saying hateful things to a woman whose husband is dying. bravo. truthfully, this is the exact behavior we've come to expect from trump supporters. i hope others treat your family better than you treated his. 
i’ve accomplished more in the past 5 months than i did in 3 years. 
with success comes trouble. 
i think people who follow us sweetheart know how much and how often and passionately we make crepes together! 
i'm too old for this shit. this is why i keep to myself and not bother with people. 
i liked a @ youtube video was pink diamond changed by greg's love? - steven universe theory 
look bro. like i said, not finna swerve for a squirrel.. both wheels on its head. it had time to run either way but it got shook and froze. 
...and i bet they never imagined they’d have such wiling accomplices from the media and half the us population. idiots. we read every one of the 3,517 facebook ads bought by russians. their dominant strategy: sowing racial discord via @ usatoday 
i liked a @ youtube video mike sherm - hot nigga | shot by @ lewisyounasty 
watching baseball and doing laundry on a friday night. because i'm awesome. 
truly. but men ask more than you think. i never ask unless i’m asked. i feel like other questions are more essential. like, “when was the last time you got tested” for example. but you right on this app it’s trash 
dawg... what tf was she trying to do … 
i'm actually livid that the cw passed on #waywardsisters. i thought it was already a go. and i was looking forward to it. 
oh i am sure he will go high too. i just would take about 7 or 8 others before him personally 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 8 months, 17 days (since 25 aug 2011). and you? 
i love this look 
@prince #2: but if u do, and if u record it, and then put it on youtube 4 me, then i'll be very very grateful.... (; (; 
and what i really meant to say was, i’m not attracted to all white men. it’s only a select few. i prefer black over white. or hispanic over white. that’s just my taste. i’m not objectifying anything. 
someone tell alix i wanna talk to her. 
i appreciate you my bro 
@ meganbata then have can have commentaries anywhere on it.later i give you title in the cover.first page this could be seen,"that's not writing,that's typing!"-truman capote,of jack kerouac.we could sell it to bookstores for people to read it.we could... 
i, myself, am strange and unusual. 
i’m never deleting twitter 
i love the smell of temazepam in the morning. #therapeuticmovies 
it’s a brand new day so i’ll give you praise . 
what am i overcompensating for? 
my dog ain't having nothn to do with this storm. i can even find where she went. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 4 months, 2 days (since 9 jan 2014). and you? 
i don't get the tix and realize the show is on a weekday lmao 
though, you're definitely right, i should upload my art to other platforms more regularly. though twitter is definitely perfect for sketches that you don't really want in your portfolio. 
troy talking to this dog. i cannot #dearwhitepeople 
we can say: "os ultimos serão os primeiros". i love you portugal!!! i'm proud, so damn proud #eurovision 
when the messiah was executed on the stake as a criminal, i was too; so that my proud ego no long… … 
heard some banging just as i was going bed looked out n some long haired man banging on 3 of houses doors across the road in the end he kicked one of the doors in (no one lives in the one he kicked in) rang the #popo 4 turned up but dont look like they found anyone inside 
chinx r.i.p.☗ 
anyway wildcard palestine into the competition next year. i want israel and palestine to be able to bond over destroying the uk at music 
i'm such a good 
i do wish to have someone to share my happiness with, but even if it doesn’t happen i’m so happy with my life that i don’t need someone. 
lmao u know the first time i ever saw that vid i was like wow look cyan 
royal wedding fanatics! the lifetime movie is about to come on! let the watch party begin!!! sweet baby jesus, i want my love story to be just as sweet! 
i see females glorifying this thot but if it were a guy saying this all hell would be raised … 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 10 months, 9 days (since 4 jul 2013). and you? 
words can’t express how in love i am with our new logo created by… … 
why did i date cisboys 
jake, i hate to tell you, but the american people don’t care about this nonsense. this has been an amazing week-hostages released, top isis terrorists captured, meeting with nk set. this is what we’re focused on. 
does anyone have tips for reviewing their own vods? this is something i've been slacking in personally. 
i had a fabolous mommy’s day with some of my favorite people. happy… … 
i am ready!!!! @ killingeve #killingeve 
i’ve been on the same stuff and you’ve been on that new shit 
i would like to know if there is any money left at the treasury. 
— of regina, henry has grown into a considerate, mindful and intelligent young man. happy mother’s day, @ _madamemayor. i’m in awe of you. thank you for raising our son. thank you for being henry’s best chance. thank you for guiding me whenever i lose my own parental touch. 
i just felt a loss of blood in my head anyone else? 
just so everyone knows and so y’all can hold me accountable and so can i, ryan and i broke up. and this time we won’t be getting back together until something shifts, and i won’t get together with him until i can see that shift. i won’t. this won’t be a 2 day thing again. 
i finally took some more ibuprofen after shuffling around in agony all day and i feel like a civil war soldier who just got their first hit of morphine 
dude i left my chicharrones /: 
i’m bout to do this media shit with no hand-outs.. no family members that have a friend to put me on , no sneaking in the back door .. none of that shit!! imma get this shit from the mud , so if you not on the boat now .. don’t hop on once i get on. 
wondering how to grow on twitter? i gained 5 followers in the past week. this is the app: 
thinking if i wanna share mine with you atm lol 
#ivotebtsbbmas @ bts_twt i love you bts. 
i'll reply my mention later cause it's time to sleep. good night. 
well i got the rockets winning tonight 
if i love you, give you my time, and make you number 1, consider yourself lucky cuz this loyal chick will always ride for you. if you backstab me or hurt me, consider it misfortunate, cuz you just lost a real one. 
now that's what i call 'playing with your food'! 
never liked knowing bros even if the groups i stan guest on that show 
i just voted for bts at the billboard music awards #ivotebtsbbmas! you can vote 
smh even i went through this phase … 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 5 years (since 15 may 2013). and you? 
wait no i won't do what you say 
@ 3pennymovies @ thekwizatshader @ vzagob just wanted say thank you for the recent #retweet(s). its participation, like yours, that makes up the backbone of this online community. i want express my sincerest #gratitude walk in 
!!!!!! i'm so proud of you! 
there is god? there god i believe yet what to believe i don't know today standard,, god give great to perfect freedom,,, and does not need a person to say thank you god,, i wonder his sign, do not disturb on vacation forever... seem an inevitability and an authority did existence 
howa can i come over atsawar warawah tany? 
my child is in here literally cleaning! he’s moping, wiping counters off, vacuuming! right now he’s in the bathroom cleaning the sink and tub i love him 
no spoilers plz. i watch the omnibus 
@ tylerjessica i just want no drama and a good royal wedding! is that too much to ask?? 
girl for u?? shiiitttt....... i'll throw in extra 40. plus a complementary 10 minute foot rub 
phew at least i missed out on those car repairs by selling my car to live in the most expensive city in the country. let's not talk about the others. 
wow this is really terrible. .. i am glad that they're better now. but on the other side i can't stop thinking about the people that are in training rn... … 
happiest bday to my baby girl @ angelaytbl u know how grateful i am to have you. i miss our random convo. always remember u got me in all ways, i love and miss u! see you on sat, wait for my long message within the day. enjoy --cant find our latest pic 
i won’t say “nobody wants it” it’s more like “we can surely live without it” 
i should play 
idk why i feel this way, but it’s not okay 
i love mean girls so much 
i liked a @ youtube video what's inside a magic chess board? 
#blackadderbot i'll just have to sit this one out on the touchline with the half-time oranges and the fat wheezy boys with a note... 1/2 
"oh i'll just hit a fly ball here and get the run in." -spectators 
i ask the hard hitting questions. 
allyuh know i doh fraid. so why did she attack doubles. why did she not talk about bake and shark, hot dog, burgers. corn soup? why did she attack the indian? is she really addressing the issue? is her suggestion... … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist music is magic on air via real raw tv(2) 
and i thank god i’m married to a painter.. saved us soooooo much money... … 
shiddd try i care for u shit be having me feeling like i can sing fr … 
i’m really good at this teaching stuff, feedback is amazing . 
i’m currently in class and i thought it was a good idea to watch the bts fake love second teaser. me rn: 
i’m already restricting my meal plan so much and my parents don’t know...fuck 
so honestly, i was just a broken hot mess lol. and i began to realize that he loved me in spite of my mess but not only that, allowed me to use my mess as a message for others. … 
like immm sooo happy like everything is falling in place i’m finna cry 
i am excited and worried 
i believe you that if this rule were perfectly followed and enforceable, it would get rid of wobbling. my qualm is that i don't believe it is enforceable enough and requires too much in the way of extra logistics in order to do so. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist johnny yukon - all out 
i’ll still go outta my way and be like i’m here … 
the price for 1 day is the same amount that it used to cost to go for 4 days a few years ago its so annoying i hate anime 
but i probably only had an hour of sleep tho ffs 
i liked a @ youtube video the truth about lil tay 
& if my dad don’t bring me back some mf edibles i’m fighting him on sight 
i was waiting for that reaction 
i'm starting live on #destiny2 ! … #wizebot #twitch 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: nwob eeight erin platform heeled shoes size 38. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
bc that’s the way i spell it nikkuh 
i'm sure pastor was all 
you should, if you haven't already, sync up with @ sdf_pubnix - they've run a couple public instances. i choose other: general hackery to learn more plan9 btw 
beyond sketch.. i don’t even wanna listen to it again 
i love boys but i hate them at the same time 
i wanna be able to order a bad ass ig thot to my doorstep like papa john's comin thru this hoe 
someday i want to be rich enough to buy from hmnalns 
ummmm i would say ur pretty great 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist smith machine glute bridge | core by liz 
breath in and out i really need it #supernatural 
this is what i love about our @ whitehouse & the @ realdonaldtrump administration - there's a time for work and some time for fun. good people doing a great job. little things like this connect with the people. #covfefewillneverdie … 
well atleast they got the moments in the shed dmsksn thats something i guess 
i literally was sick last month! 
i was starting to miss working at the bank but y’all making me not miss it anymore lol bank customers are the worst 
yes! i am glad i am not the only one who remembers that show. that show ruled. 
going to bed ! goodnight oomfies i love seungkwan so so so so so so so so so much 
@ chrissymetz i just can't stand to see you! you are so incredibly fat, that i use you as a reminder when anybody eats a lot! i just say: hey, your wanna pull off a chrissy there, right?! you make me puke. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 1 month (since 18 apr 2012). and you? 
i used be hella mad when i was a kid and my parents would call me by my brothers name but now as a parent of two dogs, i understand that struggle of mixing up names. 
was i supposed to sit there and......listen? 
going live in a minute to open up the albums i got. 
it’s the night before prom and i’m still as fat and ugly as i was 4 months ago. @god you got 12 hours to work your magic buddy 
tbh them turn ups can wait, i got money to chase and i can’t do that being all in the mix. never see me out in person cuz i live in my work place 
what? ouat is done? like done done? nooo. i have so much catching up to do. 
i personally like apu and ned... lol 
okay but i love this 
i need to hear this now 
i'm just glad you've joined the rest of us, dude. 
i'd honestly be happy if all of this story is just gideons hallucinations as kozilek disassembles and then reassembles him and other gatewatchers at ruins of zendikar for laughs. 
byyy hapur i'll meet u again 
i apologize for anyone who saw me last night #lostinthesauce 
i liked a @ youtube video you wont believe how many robux i have! (roblox) 
have you ever tried wearing a genuine baltic sea amber bracelet? i started wearing one after reading it helps with anxiety, and i haven't felt any anxiety since wearing it. 
i felt the aggression through the phone 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 5 years (since 19 may 2013). and you? 
i have no fear 
i deserve a nap..on this lovely friday evening. 
i'm half-expecting the next cartoon to just be a bunch of stick figures. these new lazy art styles are just embarrassing. 
what i’ve been waiting for !! … 
i like to see an adaptivecc update around christmas time? 
lmao i thought this whole time you were talking about the rays beating the royals??? i didn’t know the royal wedding was today oops 
i ain’t even get tanked twice, just last year i swear she’s lyin! 
"hurry. i think the gospel choir is about to sing. i just know they are going to break out and do the wobble. 
i liked a @ youtube video bohemian rhapsody: the movie - official teaser trailer (hd) 
i just want cyl 2 hector 
it’s 7:59 on a saturday and i’m lit 
i told you i dont like mikes! 
i think it’s supposed to be hardens defense ain’t he supposed to be on kd? 
like a state trooper i make my money on the road 
i’m going be emotionally & physically stabled for my future relationship no deadass 
i'm at 東京大学 本郷キャンパス - @ utokyo_news in 文京区, 東京都 
hi @ onairromeo i would love to hear @ bts_twt new song #fakelove on #mostrequestedlive thank you! #ivotebtsbbmas 
i wondered how you felt about that. 
probably the best sentence i’ve read all day … 
this is the part of sports i hate. the excessiveness of the behavior of some. while it’s all fun and games watching bills mafia go apeshit on nfl sundays, threatening the life of another is horseshit. i’m sorry that happened. did you file a report? 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 5 months (since 20 nov 2011). and you? 
i do! i care that this administration is filled with pay to play sleaze. the real question is why don’t you? 
i’m waiting for you at kom 
he traded fournette for mixon and dj moore right after that too. thats a pretty fair trade but im one of the few mixon pessimists so i thought it was funny 
i love my baaaabbyyyyyy 
i arrived as a boy, i leave as a man – iniesta in emotional barcelona farewell 
hey sorry missed this. i was out being productive 
i love @ bts_twt #ivotebtsbbmas #bts_bbmas 
guys give me à link or livestream i need to see my queen ariana #bbmas 
how can i block any and all h*rry p*tter related content from my facebook timeline omg 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 8 months, 1 day (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
#bbmas #ivoteshawnbbmas i love shawnie 
sorry, in you’re tutorial “creating a realistic water simulation in blender”, you change the vertices of a cycle from 32 to 16. but in blender 2.8, i don’t find these option :/ 
the number of technical documents i read that can be summed up as “hey we did a thing!!” without explaining why they did the thing drives me up a wall 
i had fun too i was already sore prior because the gym. i can’t move too much now 
i thought*. not thiught lol 
someone supply me with pictures of manager sejin from today or i will snap 
really don't know if i'm tired or if my body is just tired from drinking yesterday 
no this is not fox , i'v live it, and now some of my family and friend are living it,, almost 3 years ago , i'v told them about trudeau, they can't wait for the next election to vote him out , they are loosing their country. i think its to late for them , 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 6 months, 13 days (since 7 nov 2009). and you? 
shannon sharpe deadass wore lbj jersey with a goat head...but yet if i simply say “i think kobe better than bron” i’m obsessed & delusional 
hoping for tanaka today. he can be a great pitcher whenever he wants to be. he just needs to relax and pitch like he knows he can. also i'm hoping didi will get things going tonight. he's back in the clean up spot where he's produced a lot this season. hopefully he will today. 
i vote flint or mental health. both are underexposed and not enough resources devoted. 
i’m waiting for my chocolate honey 
i'm at narita international airport in 成田市, 千葉県 
did you know it was possible to get a sunburn through a white shirt? because i didn’t. the more you know 
i love that you’re riding in your diamond gucci slides 
rewatching avatar and that part where tsu’tey is like “toruk macto, i will fly with you” is just 
someone: i like programmes me: oh me too!! which ones? them: thirteen reasons why and riverdale!! me: 
#capitals are never better when expectations are low. they are 9-6 in game 6 in the ovechkin era, with 5 straight wins. but they've been in this situation — down 3-2, at home — only once. they beat the nyr 2-1 in 2012. i'll take the caps (-125) to tantalize their fans once more. 
someday i will be #52 
i gotta get these offers i see it . 
also the bookstore ran out of 2018 stoles so am i really a graduate ? 
i'll be back later 
it’s about that time i start traveling the world 
ohhhh very post is a retweet. mmkay as bleeding-heart liberal as i am, pretty sure you’re a bot honeybuns. 
today i learned an important lesson that if food instructions are in a language you can't speak, don't disregard them and put it in the microwave... 
i wish they showed that! go cole! what a great dad. what an embarrassment that was last night. it was painful to watch. 
i liked a @ youtube video what happens when you try to sell a fake rolex to a jeweler 
me i'm obsessed with coffee or you can’t stand it there is only one throne and that’s god's … 
i forgot a big chunk is in slow motion. i have 8 hours of footage and at least 2 hours of interviews. still anxious. … 
i’m done sharing opinions/serious thoughts on twitter for awhile. back to my usual nonsense of dumb polls, jokes about kylo ren, and fanart. 
if anyone wants to go clubbing or like out out where i gotta dress like i'm actually going out (and not just drinking and getting tacos) in the next ten days, ya gotta tell me like by tomorrow bc there is a suitcase in my closet and i am officially packing #jacquk 
like if you’re as sexually frustrated as i am 
i think tizen is a much more resource miserly os that is better suited for smart watches and devices than wearos. the issue is the app gap. poor decision by samsung imho. this is a tizen death knell unless it gets another master. 
believe there should’ve been aright before that scene. it was probably the worst one out of the whole series,totally unexpected too. once again,i’m sorry for your friend,i hope they have a good support system.thank u for being open to my point of view and not lashing out 
554cec14 :battle id i need backup! lvl 70 colossus omega 
there are shows i love on @ netflix & some i don’t. so i won’t stop watching just becuase they made a deal with obama, but i will not watch anything that liar is involved with. i’ll just give it a . anytime hollywood picks a side in politics you risk loosing half your fans. 
all i ask for is a bit of effort and reassurance 
nah im just a dumbass and used xbox cause everyone i play with does but god bless cross compatibility 
should i continue the flood of content to clear my storage or should i wait 
i dont understand why zee polar bears are there omggg 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 10 months (since 23 jul 2011). and you? 
i threw up twice reading that thread 
i not fan of the hentai, but i wanna create stories 
maybe you'll get to move into michael jackson's amusement park/home. best place to play with action figures i think. 
no, i’m more of a chocolate fan can you just make a flavor with almond milk instead ha? 
i assume you mean by private health care insurance? depending where you live, it maybe prohibited. … 
such a specific age bracket but if i were in tennessee, i’d be there! 
all of a sudden rae is completely terrified of outside and wants nothing to do with it. i think she just hates all the cars that go by. 
i don’t have to explain a mf thang! 
me gustó un video de @ youtube how to kotlin - from the lead kotlin language designer (google i/o '18) 
i buy vans and still be shitting on niggas … 
i’m not getting the jets love. didn’t nfl owners vote unanimously for their new policy? did jets abstain? is chairman not the owner? 
i say if you don't like our constitution and laws then leave 
on page 297 of 428 of made you up, by francesca zappia: i kind of hate alex's mom. … 
exactly. and i don't hear the outrage from those so fervently defending 'the flag." 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes ... i really appreciate it 
i’m really good at third wheeling. it’s kinda sad. 
i finally picked up info wars via shortwave. i can finally be shilled vitamins and water filters the way god intended 
excited i just found a leather soft… … 
i can’t wait for this … 
i’m laying on the floor, this is what park jimin does to people 
next time you're late for class knock, don't sneak into my classroom hoping i don't notice 
i want an oreo milkshake rn 
#stargazingabc now i know why nobody picked up the phone when i rang them last night, most aussies were too busy stargazing! 
i liked a @ youtube video circus-p feat. gumi english - copycat | cover by fokushi 
nope, i only see what y’all show me lol 
i feel like you’re being a liiiiitke dramatic. like, is it really necessary to burn down the entire state? 
if i was an ex-navy seal i do not think i would want to be in congress i would rather be sneaking into the scumbags bedrooms at night telling them they better toe the f****** line 
matthew did this to me that one week i couldn’t drive my car … 
i’m so ugly i take multiple showers a day just to attempt getting clear skin 
i been saying that for years!! 
not to be dramatic but i need sushi soon or i might die 
i tried to tell nancy that speech wouldn't age well....she never listens 
ahhhhh i should get one for chicago!! … 
oh my god you only get 60%???!! i feel like that's so low, my mentor is doing 50/50 when starting, then 70-80% towards the end of my apprenticeship/start of my career 
x-rays came back good. he did well in practice i don’t think it’s anything serious 
lol i dont think pre-k is ready for this one though 
i’m taking a break from betting till the world cup, best believe i’ll be eating 
my streaming schedule as of right now is, i will stream here and there but not as much as you think. it's getting annoying. 
7. i like the idea of marriage but i don’t think i could tbh 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 25 days (since 1 may 2011). and you? 
someone that comes into one of my jobs came into my other job today and recognized me i was like 
how to unlock an iphone 3 and a mustache on me. i'm not ugly, just reduce my graphics to have a better update server.... 
just for a example i see no reason to keep shipping the reylo thing. given all that has now happened in the two films there. in but you know what i wont step on some ones buzz. just because i think it does not work i dont ever want to be stuck in my own bubble. love or hate wyw 
yea don't watch ms 13 or the illegal are all the killing or drugs in houston!! @ dloesch yea that's a #1 target !! i got a 1000 says pc is a dem! just shooting from the hip … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist benedict cumberbatch doesn't like watching himself 
minutes left eat as fast as possible 
@ nba2k i have a problem connecting to the server 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist drinking fortenight shield in real life 
it’s so helpful! i’ve used it to improve my french, but also for spanish and italian before trips. 
you said you’d nut in someone so i offered 
vegas. i'm just sayin'. not on vaca -- permanently :) 
@ walmart @ walmarthelp i ordered two items for pickup at my local store; the initial email message reads it will be ready 5/25 after 6 but i have not received an email stating my items are ready for pickup. 
i really shouldn’t have given you none of my time cause you older then the nigga you running behind 
well i have to assume real.. part of training >< 
damn i forgot that nigga dropped an album. 
i can’t wait to have this baby 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 21 days (since 4 oct 2012). and you? 
i'm off. night 
i am trash 
i'm not trying to spend 200 on boxes 
why am i lit already? lol 
i’m past answering questions. i just continue with the conversation as if i speaking to myself. 
end of may and i’m hearing thunder, i love it 
someone call me beforw i piss myself 
by the way, since i've fallen off the face of the planet. as some of you know, i'm as big a geology geek as i am a who geek. i got frustrated with distorted media coverage—especially in the uk, oddly enough—so i've set up this blog. photos, videos, info. 
so i message you on there and you dont reply. 
currently 3am over here and i’m wide awake 
i’m not optimistic. 
i feel like this is something that would happen right before my period starts 
is there a free tool i can use to batch unfollow accounts that have been inactive for a long time 
i can agree with you. i understand the frustration and i clearly appreciate the effort of them trying to work full day to atleast give us some gameplay. 
it's less than 2 hours long and i feel like it didn't establish the turtles beyond basic personality traits. like donnie is a nerd and every line of his is meant to bluntly remind you of that. we really needed some downtime with them to get to know them better. 
i so agree with you. if he could have gone pro right out of high school, i think at minimum he adds 10k to his point total not to mention blocks and boards. plus he didn’t have a 3 point line for much of his career. goat. 
what will i say when people ask what i did over the holiday weekend when the answer is sit in an er with no pants on 
omg ur a carat ahhh i'm jelly your so lucky 
i leveled up kwincy in #bestfiends - download free - via @ 
lol , i guess that is why, i just created a discord server for chat , for cam models and fans , ha ha ha ! 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 6 months, 30 days (since 27 oct 2012). and you? 
my favorite is when they try to open it again after they knock. i usually just say "try again, it might work next time" 
i'm the so proud of you @ bts_twt you deserve it #lytear1onbb200 
i'm gonna cry if it's the last season i swear 
i missed rain so much it really makes me feel happier 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist ducati monster 696 first oil change + screen cleaning 
the reasons gays come up with to post a thirst trap. "new haircut!" "just out here mowing the lawn!" "i am feeling down today" "i love this new song" "love a good coffee in the morning!" just post the god damn slutty picture and own it linda. 
tomorrow is memorial day. although we can’t thank the ones we have lost, we can still thank everyone who serves in our armed forces. bring in your military i.d. tomorrow and get a free game of bowling! we thank... … 
if cavs lose tonight i dont want to hear nothing about its cause klove hurt! boston out here hooping with straight role players 
it's 1:59 am and i'm currently watching videos of #harrystylesliveontourrio loving life 
i had so much fun this weekend finally got to do some new things and visit new places ! 
new shower curtain .. they have to b kinda see through cuz i’m cluster-phobic 
shut the fuck up 'fore i rock your bitch, ya heard? 
“i ain’t goin to the bar tonight” 
after i heard @ ivoriandoll_ dream and she mentioned that god didnt recognise some people due to the surgeries the had the holy spirit reminded me that i am beautiful and wonderfully made i don’t need a boob job i don’t need my butt done god made me beautiful already 
the only p i crave is pu$$y 
hello world it’s gotti and i’m back againnnn 
honestly in sun/moon there's a person like every 5 feet who's like "pokemon love fighting!!! it makes them happy!!" and i do not buy it one bit 
i literally love ollie and tiny's mom 
thanks for the help pal. now i know how niall felt all those years in the band being lonely while zayn had liam and harry had louis 
@ itsemilyonair i request #fakelove by @ bts_twt for tonight #hot8at8 on @ hot995 
i used to like you and watch you every night, but you have to move on from stuff like this 
i’ve been super happy the last couple of days 
chris paul is not helping himself at all vs all the people that said he didn’t have the chest to finish. i’m not him but i am not missing game 7. even if i’m on crutches 
"then again... i don't know many tolerable guys." 
list out one genuinely good quality in you? — i can click good selfies jk … 
i keep thinking its sunday aka i still have to work tomorrow but its monday and i'm off 
why don't most women eat leftovers? 
me being a crybaby is a catharsis. i feel attacked … 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 7 months (since 27 oct 2012). and you? 
for years i woke up feeling invisible & felt sad about it. now i wake up wishing i remembered how it felt & wanting to be invisible again. 
omg i have been looking forward to the episodes. i’m already tune in #lucifer … 
oh hey! my partner and i celebrated our anniversary yesterday! :) 
i’ll draw a variant cover or crossover with new zealand’s supernatural “the almighty johnsons” 
yah, with sort of a nontraditional federation style which i like a lot. almost like a deep sea whale. 
i literally said out loud can you stop. i know how to use google. there’s nothing wrong with being a fucking idiot sometimes i also said april was from the office when i fucking hate that show … 
yeah, no, i'm totally crying. … 
that left yoongi card i think i’ll just die and come back as an object thanks … 
as someone who lived in vegas 7 years, i’m appalled at that over the top intro. that’s not las vegas, that’s tourist vegas. 
worth watching if you're as big a kubrick fan as i had an album of some photos from pax you probably haven't posted, now is the time. 
i feel like i’m the only one who hasn’t seen the new lake placid movie yet, anyone know when it’ll be on tv again? … 
hello everyone my name is cybren and i have part 2 of my terraria adventure ready for all of you so, if you want to go ahead and check it out 
i forgot abc and hbo were spelled the same 
when hogarth asks who built this cockpit, the giant responds with: "don't...ask!...you...fly...i...shoot...no...falling! 
starting to see all the political stuff come up about #rosanne. blaming liberals, against free speech, this and that. i even saw something about christianity. not sure what that had to do with anything. i already have a headache. 
i think i might be a control freak 
i seen it on facebook and it was a video and as soon as i noticed what they were doing i was in tears and had to come off of it. then googled it x 
sorry to hear, paul. as exits go, i have heard many worse. 
i’d check girl! from the little bit of research i did just now ohio does this too and it is called a withholding order not sure if the source is credible though 
i left a jug of water at work and then went and bought another one. i be on the move after them long ass hours 
i think what makes it so shocking is that type of scene is less prevalent than traditional rape scenes 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 11 months (since 30 jun 2010). and you? 
i am here for this 
i hate when i let myself get ripped off. #pussy 
roseanne is a wild card. i knew she would eventually be in hot water. just didn’t think she would blow it this quick. hopefully @ abcnetwork is considering a #darlene spinoff now. i mean, she has her new job with better pay. she could rent a place by jackie. 
lol....i rebuke it for you! 
i wanna watch "blind date". 
i see it happen all the damn time. kids throwing fits over ipads and video games all day 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist chinese asmr 苏恩惠~兔耳女仆 哔哩哔哩 
i need to be around some music 
no thanks, i don't need a device that will record my conversations, save them, and then transmit them god knows where. 
my brother and i would drop elbows on my dad but we called it “hop on pop” 
welcome to #eisdreads @ genevie79cr and i are looking forward to reflecting with you! please introduce yourself and share 
i'm live on #heroesofthestorm ! … #wizebot #twitch 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 9 years (since 31 may 2009). and you? 
i remember the first time i saw that episode. was with a friend, years after its first run. we both chuckled that the idea well had run dry by that point in the 7th season. lol! 
@ eahelp was i supposed to receive a pack and token for the store issue? 
picking a hh spot for tomm...i cant support alero after their racism towards customers....tico it is! 
i’m talking about the original tweet i replied to not you 
i know that neck 
my time is valuable and i know it’s being wasted there 
i don’t think he realizes how many ppl are gonna join. he’s so cute.. we are gonna break instagram :) 
i just pigged out on #sushi but i was on #ambien the whole time so it wasn't me. 
yeah i thought let’s give it a try and how about when nothing surprises you anymore? um well, never mind. one should never let that ‘wow’ die. peace. 
@ akaworldwide to be honest, i was never a fan of hip hop but after i've listened to #beyonce, i was so taken by your music bro. i wanna join megacity right away and listen to good music. 
i liked a @ youtube video how to get better at aiming! | sensitivity & movement tips & tricks | fortnite battle 
ok pretty sure i can finish hq prints by end of the week after all 
special offer - extended to 5th june everyone is talking about our innovative and amazing active hydration serum. i use it every day under my moisturiser as it hydrates the skin so much more than any moisturiser... … 
ionno who my friends or my enemies but i know who my family is. 
i've noticed they're starting to degrade into a celebrity gossip talk show plus "look weather". 
that's a standard by which you would almost never use the words "have to" -- short of "i have to fall right now because somebody threw me off a cliff..." 
i made a guide too if you need help going around!! 
i love you girl. you be letting them have it!!! articulately with passion and reason. the unacceptable nonsense going on now is truly unbelievable. #americaisgreatbecauseimhere 
now i am mad. i’m mad samantha bee apologized. … 
hiiiii i’ve had a lot of f%ck ups in my phd and tonight i got to publicly proclaim them at #fuckupnightsto! – bei autodesk canada 
ummm probably nothing because 1) i have no way to kemp 2) because i have my cna exam in the am 
kids are googling #sadmichiganfans at dinner in june and i’ve never been more proud as a dad 
for just a sec i thought they were demanding payment for the other hotel. … 
ok ending the set with this. too many prince song i could go in forever. change is the only constant. ;) … 
serious! this heat is ridiculous...i wasn't one complaining in the winter. i'd gladly accept 60° weather year-round! 
i agree. karma always wins in the end. 
so kenya revives rhoa upon her entrance when it was boring as hell and she is fired? i won't be watching again. she was the reason i started back watching. wtf bravo, get it right. the cast are boring.big mistake, watch 
i fancy to sign up the chelsea one, so dream! 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 2 jun 2011). and you? 
dude...u need a hug .. that's all i can argue 
i saw john lithgows name to play jud, is that confirmed cause if so awesome 
i suppose sleep but @ djknightng no gree me oo!! @ 937rhythmfm @ teammusicatloud 
can’t believe i ordered these yeezy wave runners 
im so angry i got two more boba bobs :( 
my #nyc ppls i will be in nyc till sat 3pm — at … 
lol i literally screenshotted that myself. they weren’t fake. 
i didnt spend 3 years of my coworkers sounds like death and has been coughing nonstop for 8 hours 
so sorry i missed this!! 
i just clicked and donated 2 cents to arizona cocker rescue, please click and help them raise more money. vía @ po_st 
i’m meeting so many kpop stans irl most of my friends listen to kpop wtf stop 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dante battle - shin megami tensei: nocturne music extended 
sometimes i think pictures aren’t actually whitewashed but they’re just like brightened ?? and the lighting has a lot to do with it and idk but sometimes they are actually whitewashed and i’m like wtf 
i’ll take it 
lol, i don’t even have dreams any more 
ok i will figght you hahahahaha 
look, i'm stoked to be at the wedding but i'm missing the #caps game sooo 
also... chuckles. are you serious, i'm already having a hard time with mal missing some (i'm actually sending recs to the manga database every now and then), why double the effort... 
after finding out about this 2k.... i personally think they should change the age to 16+ and watch as these young kids dreams come to life in a second. 
i liked a @ youtube video yankee candle halloween haul 
@ annieleblanc @ annieleblacxtra @ xloviedovex i will support you no matter what , listen please cheer up and be with the ones that love you because the haters will soon realise what they missed out on xx 
i'm not liking my outfit for today hhh 
i didn’t see that recovery plugin, thank you for that. i’ve installed it for all sites. 
@ spideyvrse hi amanda i think youre probably the funniest person i know and i really enjoy talking to you so never leave. also one day ill get you that big mac dw 
i can’t even talk to my parents into buying me 40$ jeans ??? … 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 5 days (since 27 oct 2012). and you? 
i didn’t think i had a terrible beer gut, until i tried to put on my size 0 shorts today. yup, not happening. get with the program ashley, drinking 15 beers a week isn’t making you skinnier. idiot 
well done. i can see you doing a very good job at this 
i-95 connecticut exit 2 to exit 93, traffic delay: 7 mins ~60mph. for latest traffic delays between exits, click - … 
“imma be bored until (s)he gets off work.” a childish sentence i see every time i get on here 
i get so annoyed when he doesn’t text me back 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 3 months, 12 days (since 20 feb 2010). and you? 
i get better service in an airplane than i do in my apartment lol 
i gotta get used to 6am shifts again 
aww, that's fair enough. i know volcan adores you though 
“ace/aro people are infringing on queer spaces!” the fuck did i do? i’m just being ace/aro and existing how does that bother you so much 
soooo many ppl put me on riverdale and i just wanna say....thank you 
i think i'll be stuck here while i get a vibrating purr massage on my thighs. 
wait. he draws a reasonable conclusion about why ratings went where they did and you go off on a political rant? seems you need to grow up. there was no nastiness, no bs... just ratings and a comment that people may be getting sick of this stuff. i know i am. 
i vote for #whydontwe #thefreshest @ radiodisney 
@ mcdonalds your sandbach services store is filthy - there were flies crawling over the menu board and the tables - staff spraying stuff on tables whilst people eating. -i asked her to stop. not your usual standard at all. 
*buys 3 concert tickets within one week* wow how come i’m so broke all of a sudden 
and tonight after a disabled guy won britain's got talent, i've seen horrific attitudes about disabled people and how he only won because people felt sorry for him...mainly from able bodied people 
we’re drinking like it’s 1995. @ rac3rx is rocking the zima with a cherry jolly rancher and i’m over here with jack & coke. 
i knoooow, but i'm still glad it's a thing :3 
i was napping i was waiting for ur text 
the person i saw retweet this takes smoke breaks. 
i mean its tru tho, renjun is pretty great … 
because i can’t get enough of this stuff. rewatching the #nhraonfox broadcast of the @ nhra @ jegsperformance 
i keep seeing people saying that he has been “poled”. what does that mean? 
oh... okay ill try that i guess sigh.. 
i think we can all agree that this picture is honestly the root of all happiness 
would i get to peck some motherfucking eyes out? 
lmao y’all... i said what is your worst date 
i’m crying with hosoek omggg 
yup, i am definitely seeing this... … 
fully understand. i just had to do so for my frayed sanity. 
he’s 46. he’s a registered sex offender, has 10 open warrants and i believe the mother is part of it!! 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 1 day (since 4 mar 2012). and you? 
i love, love, love, love this. #mychildhood … 
50/50 chance i either drove away with my phone on my car or some bum ass stole it. either way fawk thisss 
aww it’s a surpise!! i wanna spill the beans but i think it’s best to save it until i can upload it :33 
i shared with you my booking code and country of residence in a private message on twitter 
if only i could bring myself to follow its teachings... 
i criticised one of yours and also one of fints and one of rais 
y am i so impulsive fuck lmfaooo 
all in all the goal of so-called "bathroom bills" is this: conservatives (yes, i include terfs in this) petition a bathroom bill in the bullshit cover of "women's safety" or "think of the children" in order to force trans women to use male only restrooms. why? 
do people really think im that stupid?! just because i dont tell you every move im making in life doesn't mean i'm an idiot. #cantrelate bitch! 
i liked a @ youtube video kyro swanks - gangster grillz (prod. gee smiff) official music video 
no i know but just like. the general gated in area for the pit is so small !!!! 
hey @ mrbriankenny! great show! tbh, i'm not a huge fan of smoltz as an analyst for a few reasons, but those were some good convos tonight! and that transition? priceless! #mlbtonight 
oh no that's it i'm done … 
i seen it so y’all have to see it too. … 
2 of my coworkers very recently found out that i write (they don’t know that it’s sherlock fic, just creative writing). when asked earlier today what my current “book” is about, i started explaining ranger john and choked up. had to literally end the convo. 
is it just me, or was @ cbseveningnews rather graphic in the details of how kate spade was found? right down to the color of the scarf. it felt oddly disrespectful, but i’m not sure why. 
am i the only person if i like something in both colors i buy both? 
omg i can't not read between the lines 
i can’t decide if people who wear pajamas in public have given upon life or are living it to the fullest.... 
dear god that’s adorable 
all i said was “dm limited ” that’s tuff tho bro 
bruh i just know damn well amber rose not up there … 
one time i was driving to church, stopped at a stoplight, belting out showtunes at the top of my lungs, (i mean jazz hands & everything), & one of our pastors pulled up next to me at the light, honked, & gave me a thumbs up. it was not embarrassing at all. 
i'm not familiar with it, i'm afraid. could you explain or send a link? 
i think there is a good chance editorial won't let bendis screw the pooch just yet 
i lost my mind when he had the durag on. “go ray.” 
i plan on working out if my summer office for… … 
it looks like an instagram edit omg, that’s why you were so obsessed with them omg i see you miss grande you’ve been caught … 
i swear if there’s ever a coup that overthrows . @ elonmusk from tesla like what happened with x, i’m going throw something 
waking up before dawn for a long flight, so if you wanna ask an anonymous question that i’ll answer at 4am please do 
i give up ffs its 1am so i go to bed and my dads like ‘omg a day before we go on holiday and shes pissed off with me’ no im fucking not. but keep telling me i am... i fucking will be. sorry its 1am and i need sleep as i wont get any tomorrow. sorry i hate got with a passion. 
niloko yata ni maria ressa ang wan-ifra. to stand for the rule of law and to defend press freedom? ummm... your company violated the law right? what press freedom are you talking about? last time i checked you still had those. 
i can sing all camp rock songs word for word 
i wish i could stop throwing up 
i am supposed to be preparing a presentation for the ceo of my company but all i want to do is play fortnite. 
why would i advertise for a nonexistence site? 
i liked a @ youtube video real doctor reacts to the resident | medical drama review | doctor mike 
i should! i’ll bring the tandem bike and we can ride over there. 
how do you know what he did it for? at least he did it who cares. as for the illegal immigrants , oh well then don’t try and come here illegally. do you want people on top of people here like china? stfu. i’m glad that he released this beautiful american citizen. god bless 
clean room, clean sheets, clean ass .. i’m ready to knock out early! 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 3 days (since 4 mar 2012). and you? 
quiz: can we guess your generation based on your fashion opinions? i am a gen-xer. … 
hi majed, if the attempt actually took place and the customer is not home, our drivers are supposed to leave a notice at residential addresses. i'm sorry if you received conflicting information. can you please dm me your tracking number? i'll take a look for you. ^james 
i felt like such a little kid today. my dad put my bike together & as soon as i got home, i started riding it 
dedicated alv i’m just slowly building i guess. but i need to really sit down & design my shit 
told dalton i didn’t want chicken and he whips his head around the corner and goes “so you’re telling me you don’t want any chicken..? fuck you dude” 
so i'm like huh. okay you know what i can just hand wash it !! im low-key used to all of our washes not working on us ngl dnsjsj 
holy snap! i last read (i think) part 4 and have been off and on twitter for a long time and just assumed you stopped. got to catch up! 
i was so very not ready for the absolutely bizarre turn this took @ williamcrawley needs a prize for maintaining composure. i was laughing in horrified hysteria. i don’t think i’ve ever heard a more perverse claim on what’s “biblical”. homophobia’s one hell of a drug. … 
and i’ll tell my mutuals to report your new acc too 
i hope all the bots and actual campaigns rting this know this isn’t supposed to be serious djfjjgjfkg … 
when you continually have to remind someone that they are in a relationship, i think it’s time for that couple to break up 
i’m gonna need channelside drive to look like this next year … 
@ mta i can climb stairs fine, but others can’t. when will you get that? 2/2 
i’m the type of female that will randomly hype someone up whether i know them or not. i’m just that girl that wants others to know everyone deserves to hear compliment every once in awhile. 
they played almost every song from the dusk album and the biggest “hits” of the others. not sure what they missed out to be honest!????i thought the set list was stunning. such an amazing mix across the albums. i was blown away to be honest. sorry! 
@ lucieebrey, i'm very excited to be showing off these two good buddies in upstate ny now! 
i luv u more cause i'm not goth and i can see with both eyes ;;;) 
bro dead ass i remember … 
@ vol_golf i shot 79 (8 over) and another 79 (7 over) at troon north, and boulders golf club in scottsdale, az. looking forward to potentially being a vol one day! 
wait what...did i do something wrong?! 
i love you sm 
i have. even his parody names have different rhythms and have a structure that, while funny, suggests a culture that shapes the way names are formed... 
i need this … 
this is what i mean by jordanism is a tumor on the nba. … 
i wasn’t expecting him. i said oh! hearts man!! everyone has been in supernatural 
i am my game is updating 
tbf i haven’t seen hamilton so i’ll have to check it out first 
all temps will be in f. i often forget to notate after the first notation...which drove my chem professors nuts. i'm also including one additive which...i'll explain in detail when i post it all, it may help the thc release/bind better and is a food additive. 
yesss!! i am so ready!! 
thank you!!! after 3 years i know like. one anatomy. a single anatomy 
either i'm reeeeeally tired and not noticing some kind of typo i made (which is possible) or @ wowhead's search algorithm is a little... 
i've got the #warriors. who ya got? 
happy national best friend day to emily! 120 days until we say i do! 
i do i keep trying to be nice to have so my drawings can be under a more solid name u feel 
i am the new wave of country music … 
i really don’t think the da team would even let them do that tbh they’ve already said multiple times that they’re working on a game that’s extremely character based (thank fuck) 
thank you king i love you 
big mood. i love the movies. 
can’t believe i called some of y’all weird ass hoes friends 
i just wanna trust you but i trust my gut 
oh right yeah - sorry i get what you're saying now <3 
i know we're all grumbling and complaining about the *leaner* edition of #livepd tonight! at least it's on! maybe we can get some #officialupdates from the #livepdleos if we're left hanging! @ officiallivepd @ aetv 
robyn still hasn't released honey so i'm gonna call this a lie … 
oh i blocked spankula a long time ago! 
those shoes.... i want... where to buy? … 
i seriously couldn’t picture my life without field hockey 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist *free* playboi carti x duwap kaine type beat prod. @ ihatescay 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 2 days (since 7 jun 2013). and you? 
i can’t believe me and my bd been this coo i’m feeling it i hate arguing over stupid shit life too short 
he nodded his head. "sorry, but i've got that feeling" he started singing smooth criminal by michael jackson. - hopefully she knows who that is - he thought.. 
c&c. i haven’t seen anything on it. i do miss it but ea is well… predicatably bad 
ticket me. i'd love to see that. how soon will i get the ticket? 
i completed a puzzle in one clue crossword. play now for free! 
wow! i actually used to respect you. 
i'm at holiday in proctor, mn 
arms be bout to fall tf awff rt @ nepri_jamesss: i want it to be known that doing your natural hair and slicking it into some type of bun or ponytail is literally a full workout. 
i am but a remnant of a time long past, and though i am not the first, i definitely am not the the last. i am but a wonderous sign of many more to follow. those who are truly born again of god's word and spirit will testify on our behalf as word that has and will become as flesh. 
don’t forget your glass of chocolate milk dan. i’ll have mine. 
i wonder if sekiro will have a customization mc or not. 
i know everyone tells me i jjst never got around to playing them 
i don’t get the need for you to wish me buka and sahur. you’re not my friend and you’re not my dad. please retreat, thank you very much! 
clint: i didn't wanna do this, but i do know one way we could get the money. tony: you'd make a decent prostitute. clint: i'd make an amazing prostitute. 
there were literal tears in my eyes when i read that sunnyside finally reopened 
along why i don't care about "year of the linux desktop", and a good reason i am actually glad that steam has less than %1 linux users. i for one am not looking forward to windows gamers jumping ship to gnu/linux. so far no ones killed anyone for their opinion on init systems. … 
i got to be okay with not being okay 
haaaa...i literally choked on my ice tea when i read this. #fakeeyebrows 
if you already received some from me, tell your friends to 1) retweet their public $ deal address (download the wallet from ), and 2) i'll send #free $ deal (limited qty). #cryptocurrency @ idealcashteam #staking #stakeon! 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 6 years (since 11 jun 2012). and you? 
maybe you should to protest police brutality by white cops. rt @ foxnews: . @ realdeancain: “i stand for the anthem. i would never kneel for the anthem.” 
i liked a @ youtube video céline dion - ashes (from the deadpool 2 motion picture soundtrack) 
i met the artfully outfitted @ wulfbane_023 doing a little dealer's den shopping! @ tofuwolf 
waaaaahh i love shinobu-mao content. shinobu even asking mao to pat his head (´∀｀)♡ 
@ yoongibot_ yoongi hurry home, i'm waiting~ 
okay! she’s calling her bank in the morning to see if she can get enough money. so i should know something by 9:30/10 
the best thing about dating on twitter is that i can do it straight from my bed. 
hey @ lvh, i gave my son a couple hundred light up pens to test. does that qualify him as a pen tester? 
and now all i can think about is the ending to enemy. yep i’m going to have bad dreams tonight 
girl invited me to hit the pool with her, i said okay, but you know i’m single right, she said yea i know. okayyyyyyyyyyy 
a quick question @ todoist : i saw your article on your website regarding todoist and google home: is this article in french too? i can't seem to make my google home understand that i wanna talk to todoist. is the feature available in french? 
where you at in la cuz i’m in la too 
no, because gpu prices are wack as hell right now and i’m poor 
how do i vote to kick @ jimmykimmel in the nuts? 
i have it downloaded through the disc 
if rocksteady doesn’t announce superman i’m rioting 
here's my next sketch. i haven't been doing the best lately so i was alittle slow on this. i feel alittle bit better but still cruddy. anyway hope ya like it! i'm also trying to learn about how to start commissions. but i'll take requests for free for sketches! 
well don’t worry. i’m sure mr. trudeau knows they don’t have the final word. ridiculousness! my goodness smh 
can i have some new knees please, sick of them hurting all the time 
the way i be thinkin crazy 
i'm walking upon waters. thank god for grace and mercy. hallelujah is my song! my god is awesome! 
i actually don't think that's what he is trying to do, even if he's not doing a great job at what he's trying to do. lol also, congrats on the e-book you put out by the way. i started looking at it this morning. 
this popped up in a recent rt of president trumps tweet. 6/14/14, i can only imagine you are extremely pleased at this presidency & it’s attack on human trafficking. funny reading tweets from years before he’s president. 
you right bro i’m sorry *blocked on my switch 
you're doing better than i am lol. 
i don’t really think so. bell has basically ignored any history between wyatt and hope. 
i've seen better acting on jerry springer 
come hang, i’m live! 
i just care about a #shrm18 vendor who provides @ garrettpopcorn 
i liked a @ youtube video cholo goes to beverly hills 
i liked a @ youtube video 23 year old game of tag 
i've always wanted to be followed by a famous person. lol!! 
i'd have to go back a long way to remember seeing a face with so much bitterness and anger all over it than @ owensmith_mp today when he crassly yelled at @ frankfieldteam in hoc. 
❝and yumi likes ringo. i'm curious what does ringo likes to do? besides eat? ❞ continues to scratch him. 
finished product of dinner looks a little crispy but i swear it’s only because of the italian dressing marinade 
i could throw some people further than i could trust em' 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 19 days (since 23 jan 2012). and you? 
i have horrible posture *as i send this tweet, hunched tf over* 
yes we love a self promoting nerd !! (also hi i love you have a nice day !!) 
you are a bad liar, i checked who you follow. you follow some turkish accounts that they tweet only in turkish. you will be blocked for exposing me to the turkish government and her supporters 
i might take her bd frfr 
another power hour over and all i can think about is alec talking about how calling tuna "fatty tuna" is degrading. god, what an icon. #saveshadowhunters #notourlasthunt 
i hate girls who complain about how guys give them to much attention and always seem thirsty, yet they post pictures half naked on social media .. 
hey penguins! tonight unfortunately i will not be streaming but tomorrow we're on! ~in the meantime go check out -- @ dark5eld -- this guy is an awesome hilarious streamer who will soon be pushing for partner!!!! @ impulsestream @ 
i liked a @ youtube video seth rollins and dean ambrose and the hardy boyz entrance - raw: sept 11. 2017 (hd) 
everything hurts and i’m dying 
well i’m officially a stay-at-home dog mom. living the dream. 
i'm at over ground lounge in buffalo, ny 
why do leftists attack trump for deescalating tensions with a totalitarian regime with a horrendous human rights record, but praise obama for doing the same with iran? (i support the iran deal fwiw) 
harlyynrae, sweetheart, with a superb body and great breasts like you have, how can anyone fake image you? i think i would see a fake immediately!!! xxxjohnxxx 
i love @ atlutd and their success on field and off has been amazing. still, seeing @ bguzan playing an @ mls game when the #worldcup starts tomorrow is just sad. thanks, @ ussoccer. 
my thinking would be: if america does not hold this criminal enterprise accountable, then i cannot trust that it won't happen again the second the republicans manage to regain control of congress and the wh. why should i trust them? 3/ 
only just realised my skyrim character has been barefoot the entire time i’ve been playing...soo guess i’m going shoe shopping 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 23 days (since 22 may 2010). and you? 
hey! my blog is i’m a newish travel blogger i’d love to be featured! 
i get to spend the weekend w my bestie and i couldn’t the happier 
some wise person once said we find happiness in people misery like we laugh when someone’s slip on a banana.i don’t appreciate ppl trying hard to gather negativity for someone else film and i’m aware that someone has some truly shity fans but let’s not compete with them going low 
i can take @ fawadchaudhry to the cleaners, but i have a bigger dream to come true just like any other loyalist of ik. and that is seeing ik as the prime minister of pakistan. so keeping myself quiet. … 
@ wwedanielbryan and @ therock i’m thinking about getting to some more healthy habits so i’m designing a diet for my self but i need for you to recomend me at least two of the best books about healthy eating if you can thank you guys #inspire #determined #heathylifestyle 
i also just had an emotional catharsis on space mountain and sobbed the whole time (from laughing) and they let us go again so yeehaw 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 8 months, 26 days (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
… i've just reviewed @ pajafaudree's book, "singing for the dead: the politics of indigenous revival in mexico" (duke university press, 2013) in the journal multilingua. published a few years ago but i recommend more linguists read it; it's a page turner! 
the only one i've heard of befor is antonia antoniazzi - because she was supporting the #elizabethbricebill for medical #cannabis. she is actually ok. well she was now she's b*ggered off...... 
i just saw a lil white boy smoke crack and meth on the tl like that shit was funny nothing new but the internet really too much 
that's what my sister believes. there's no reasoning with her. i don't know what it will take, if anything, for her to see the truth of how despicable trump and his administration really are. 
that librarians generally silently mutter to each other “they don’t understand our value...but i expect them to inherently understand why we should be paid more”? why yes, yes i have. 
ahh thank you so much!! you put it so well omg i’ll really keep it all in mind !!! thank you so much 
i don't think there's a true lgbt community. the most vocal of them mix politics and shitty adgendas with who they want to fuck, and that itself is a stupid combination. i fuck dudes. why does there have to be a political movement to it? who fkng cares besides me and my bfs? 
i’ve driven the model s a few times and, other than the acceleration, i find it to be an extremely uninspiring car to drive. i’m looking forward to trying the jaguar! … 
it's never going to be the same is correct. it's going to be better. for your information idiot we have what's called mixed marriages which is a good thing. so of course it won't be the same and i am glad for that. 
just stepped outside and some 4 year old was running around with a steak knife yelling “my dad isn’t home” i can’t do this 
i’m sorry i just meant be glad you don’t live in nc. have you tried engaging the young people? i’m sure you have you sound to be very committed. please don’t give up, we need people like you, … 
every time i see the sunfish cover i get to see my bubbie and ... do you know how emotional that’s making me? very. she was so beautiful and tough as shit. i wonder what she thinks of being immortalized on a book cover 
i'm the luckiest girl everr 
addendum. later that night i vomited once again 
i believe he labeled one of his tweets “day 30” so i’m pretty sure he has a calendar on his phone or something 
‘glasgow fire: major blaze ravages art school's mackintosh building’ all i can think is there must be plans and drawings behind this and this is a test. what do artists of tomorrow need today in their places of learning? … 
check the dingles pig pen i say haha. 
but for real though, if someone ever got me flowers just because, i would melt like butter, right then and there 
nah, but i’m sure an l for kanye and an l for nas on the same day has jay-z doing that squeaky laugh somewhere 
aye, but unfortunately kdy has leslie laird, another labour mp & one i did meet re: council making mistake with rent a/c then trying to evict me, she seemed very nice but proven since just empty words. 
i'll bow to trump when hell is frozen over about five feet, then i'll consider it. 
what am i supposed to say now? i've been here for a year straight while everyone, and i mean everyone, was away for several months or weeks without saying anything. it breaks my heart to see how my daughter's story doesn't continue. i just want to get the first chapter done. 
i love you i love you u deserve to always be happy i’m so ummmm proud that ur confident enough to post selfies ugh your mind @essy 
i know i am hehe 
i love the outfits the twins have too ugxhdnf g guh 
"ed... i know you.... i know you're lying to me right now." 
at #otriilondon i did shaku!! really repping my pipo 
i just assumed old johnny rolled a rubber off-screen, so we wouldn't have to see patrick swayse's dick. 
he wont sign it! there will be a loop hole in it. not what he wants this is a rhino bill paul ryan will be leaving soon when the rhinos leave they always leave a mess! no! way this bill will pass. it's not what he wants! i don't trust him... 
it's gone now... i burned it. 
i don’t care much about elo either but i never need to hear the beatles again in this life 
i will be forced to thrash you. 
wow!! you really are using the garage for its actual purpose i had forgotten about that. cool wheels by the way and the bloke on the side not looking bad either. 
he has psoriatic arthritis!!!! give him a break!!!!!! he’s practically handicap. hitting the ball before it stopped rather than him breaking something trying to retrieve it in the sand. i’m appalled!! 
elephants i’m sorry but i need to meet you 
i wish the war raiders had a match #nxttakeover #takeoverchicago 
so don't hmu even tho i'm ugly asf but i don't want none of yall 
i don’t know if i want to be cheryl or veronica @ cw_riverdale 
we're in the fate extra setting and i'm eixjsicjsinxisnd 
when will i ever learn that all you do is break your promises 
i liked a @ youtube video pokémon insurgence 5-player randomized nuzlocke - ep 85 "the death montage" 
i'd say "get a hat," but i figure you'd just eat it. 
what is the most disheartened i've been for a while now. 
i believe so. what strengths are in lies? … 
friend told me that i should make this. decided to categorize it based on how realistic i think my potential wishlist items are. i usually don't ask for anything for my birthday cause i hate asking for anything in general, but i was told that i should at least try. yolo 
i’ve taken a few film classes so i’ve watched a bunch of musicals from the 1950s and i hate the way they kiss. they literally just smash their faces into each other 
i don't have a specific brand, just buy whatever has the least english on the label. 
do any of you guys have sinus infection or ‘disease’ ???? i needs to ask something 
got you back! i always followback maga 
he plays guitar while i sing lou reed 
i see what you did here lol … 
chinch keeps saying to read nichijou climax and at this point i'm struggling to find it. 
i’m freezing and it’s 92 degrees outside what 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 24 days (since 23 jan 2012). and you? 
i’m not the only one omg 
when you are arrested and convicted for crimes against humanity, i want them to carve a swastika in your forehead. 
good for me, dear. keep hating us. the farther you are from us the more blessed we'll feel. i'm elergic to peeplies. 
so fuckin annoyed i just want to kiss my dog!!!! 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: soprano cut out skater dress. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i’d like to know if atheists think humans are inherently worthy and why. i think i have an answer but i just want to know what others think. @ elharsh @ skepticnikki @ thennanna 
yay... 11 hours into my first shift back from vacation i finally get to sit down for a minute. 
my eyes rl watering. i’m holding back tears this is crazy 
my least favourite thing that people do is say something is “rats”. who came up with that? how many times do i need to hear “nah she’s rats bro” during my time in england? 
i’d follow a dog anywhere … 
hottest of hot takes: if i could only cut one person from the out//laws it would be flame 
“i didn’t mean to-“ his hands were raised in surrender and he undid another button, but kept the one above his sternum buttoned. “fair?” he said with a chuckle, leaning in and nuzzling noses. “i know what /you/ want is to look like a couple out here.” … 
68° and a light rain...no complaints here....i also don't have baseball to work....so let it rain! 
then introducing myself to the number 1 sports radio station in chicago..then introducing myself to everyone on twitter..so no matter what happens...i know ill be fine...because i have proved it..while being manic..now im not....can you imagine the change i can inspire? 
member when i said today he would be an indian? forget about that … 
mmm, baby, i don't understand this... 
i asked my friends to send me their apple music playlist and needless to say my music library is finna be 
if this isnt hypocraciy i dont know what is but then again she will say anything to get elected … 
lrt i'm gonna have a heart attack 
thank you! i absolutely agree with you, senator! but if the administration will not change its policy we beseech you to cross the aisle and sign the keep families together act! 
i really need to stop fighting what in my heart i already know 
tetreault is another guy i like. 
guess he liked how well they responded last time with funding for his hotel project and trademarks for ivanka. most people will think i'm joking, but if they do it again and he softens his stance, we'll know 
remember when the 1975 were soundchecking at acc and i almost snuck in but didnt because i kno my limits and play within them 
"space force" wow sign me up, i love space. i think i can kill at least 100 aliens. i am ready to defend. #annexcannada 
i have questions by camila cabello honestly speaks to me on such a personal level after a heartbreak 
i rather take derozens $55 mil over the next two instead of covington’s $45 mil over the next 4. derozen has player option for 3rd year. in which he will opt out to try and get one more max deal while he is still 30 
im ded i aint even in mikey's lane … 
what if enya’s chapter 4 is her announcing tour dates i- 
holy crap. i was searching for some keywords on twitter to see what others thought of the new voltron season (i like to see what other people are saying) and it’s a wall of erotic roleplaying. 
the problem runs deeper tho in as far as i can see; the undercurrents of what you’re broadcasting/advocating is highly concerning to me, to say the least. i’m scared for my kids tbh and i don’t know how to prepare them for what’s coming from the unfolding i’m seeing. 
ok so my girlfirend and i are arguing about masturbation and sex: im of the opinion that sex is masturbation 2 because you typically experience masturbation first and she erroneously believes that masturbation is sex 2 because we evolved it first settle this debate please 
the only time i’m actually productive (cleaning, playing music, laundry, etc.) is when i’m trying to not do my homework 
is it wrong if i'm slightly turned on? 
that’s weird but also same i guess. or they go and tell everyone but me lol. 
someone said x not really dead and him and pac bout drop the hardest collab of all time in 2020. i’m dead 
i liked s1 of supergirl but not enough to finish s2. i've heard gotham's gotten much better but i never finished s1 
i liked a @ youtube video girl says shes preg with baby jesus 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 3 months (since 20 feb 2010). and you? 
i'm always down for now and now it looks like this when i go live 
i’m hoping you were an educator of home-ec. 
if me did know me woulda tell you but i really don’t know why people can just mind them fucking business ... is not their place to ask the girl that that’s so out of order 
like was he in treatment for his mental health challenges? i’m even more confused at this uproar now that i’ve listened to the songs his fans love. it’s mostly just dark content and i’m legit confused. do his fans feel the same way? like..... 
hey gary i took that pic at 1:30 pm at college and lamar. 
the clock is all over the place. friday i work at 1:30pm.... 
that is the most cringy thing i read. just wow do research.... … 
bummed today because the comic book shop i transferred to is shutting down next week. and the only other shop near me is run by incompetent jackasses. 
yeah i might need to take a trip to @ publix since they have organic ice cream 
student: i want to work for nasa me: woah cool i went there it was awesome we ate pizza under a rocket ship student: oh. me: yeah, it was pretty great, everything taste better under a rocket ship. #nasa #counseloroftheyear 
i'll respect you more if you just tell the fuccin truth weirdo. 
when cheryl cole sang ‘just know that you’re not in this thing alone’ in 2009 i felt that 
so many members of the toronto chinese community want to protest marijuana regulation and control. i mean sure, that’s exercise i guess have fun lol 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 3 months, 29 days (since 20 feb 2010). and you? 
i liked a @ youtube video australian e-grill plays degames live ~ come say hi 
me too! i promise i won’t! 
driving in northern va is going to be awful in my truck smh but until then i’ll use work cars 
okay so i just saw the dispatch pics and i am now dead bye 
please tell me that you are not using money that i pay you for service to pay corey(wah wah) lewandowski. i will cancel my account with mobile nation. 
if loving you is wrong then i dont wanna be right 
ed, i don't know you but i like you. 
i came to this feed to harass my #deadbeatdiscodaddy and ended up finding more bothers and sisters 
mainly i tweeted that because i’m eating raw veggies and ranch for “dinner” and i really truly want a baja blast and crunchwrap ya know? 
so many great players and you take some sorry ass dude that looks good against a bunch of scrubs 
he gone be able to do anything in atl.... free reign ... i’m sure he gone be more than a role player 
gowri n i are definitely gonna meet but i have yet to meet nina uwu 
im starting the killing of a sacred deer i hope its not scary 
i approve this message 
i want jaren jackson's jacket. 
haylen: i'm emotional bc ive only eaten bread today... 
i almost have the opposite issue where my vibrator is way better than men lmao 
sooo @ jurassicworld .. while it was good it's more dramatic than adventurous like the other ones. i cried like 3 times. and humans are evil. but it will lead to more jw movies so that will be cool. :-) 
i always say i’m going to do my makeup on my days off ...yea not happening 
i need another tattoooooo 
maybe, but for you love is a gangbang in the basement of a run-down building. i'm not sure we can compare here. 
while i love the lois as batman cover, collecting more signatures to accompany jlgl would be too hard to pass up. 
why am i ok with this? 
when cardi b said “pussy so good i say my own name during sex” i felt that then she said “i like dudes that been in and outta jail” i cringed and changed the song. 
i'd wear that jacket to a u2 concert, b/c i really don't care about them, but not to any type of detention center. especially one for kids that aren't criminals. 
i 100% agree. i just have zero faith we get it done right. fingers crossed. 
some people are destined to fight forever, we so happen to fall under that category. i wouldn’t have it any other way, nothing brings me more joy when i step into that ring and see that the person standing opposite me is the woman who inspired me to get into this business. … 
i gave a chuckle if that makes you feel better 
i will think about this 
i am such a happy egg i got to see the supreme court (i was so excited i took such crappy pictures) and wowie wow i love it i’m so inspired and my dc trip has barely begun 
sorry, for not putting any update' s on the channel. but some stuff happened this week/last week and i will return in a few weeks. can't say a specific date in case something happens. i not be active on any social media until i get back. @ ross_mackieyt 
that's true. it's good to accept any body make and to love ur curve but encouraging big is beautiful is not good. when your obese it comes with diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, arthritis and possible heart attack/stroke. i watch my diet, exercise, no drink/smoke.. 
have i crossed your thoughts because your name is all over mine 
i'm the kappa right next to tue new one xd 
mm my mom bought this for me raspberry muffin with sugary-sweet frosting, i had to scrape it off, it was too much for me > < 
if i'm reading it right these camps will have the capacity for over 100,000 people. 
i really just wanted teyana to make sex playlist music because all those songs are bops but this new stuff is cute too 
i'm not sure "both these series involve x, therefore if a person likes one series, they'll like the other" is the best method for getting people into anime or anything else. 
i believe her name will be roscoe in cellblock 9! 
i’m actually very proud of leith. one of my favorite characters. he went from a kitchen boy to a man with a title and land. he lost two of his loves 
i kno 
our waitress was vegan and understood our pain i love the world 
omg why am i realizing melissa mccarthy was in gilmore girls 
halp 24d3da96 :battle id i need backup! lvl 100 yggdrasil omega 
@ jasonwitten thank you for all the work that you did 82 you be miss i followed you since college can i have been a cowboy fan for very long time thank you 
idk why i thought it was even possible.. have you met ducks??? 
#likeapp what a magic video posted by @ garcia acevedo, i just can't help sharing it! … 
i’ll have to watch! … 
i just keep circling the block, hoping to catch you with the blinds up. 
i have created a new channel. … #guybehindacamera 
my fucking arms are going to explode but i got that last climb 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 20 days (since 4 mar 2012). and you? 
i remember when mike was a man of faith, that ship has sailed 
ok no. seriously. no. white woman calls cops on black 8 year old child for selling water without a permit. that is unquestionably racist. you don’t get to school black women on racism. i am sure you pretend allyship too. you are dangerous. educate yourself 
i think bbqbecky and her as sisters 
pissed a liberal off today. was in line to check out and he asked if he could cut in front cause he had 1 item. i told him no. the lady behind him had 4-5 items and was wearing a trump shirt so i let her cut. he was pissed. called a manager over and he said it was my decision. 
i've come to twitter because well my life's falling apart 
not like i exist or anything :/ 
and that is awful. i am so sorry for that. 
im not the one who started saying one was better than the other. i orginally said i couldn't decide between them to prompt appreciation for their genius, but then i got a ton of replies saying it was easy to choose between them, why are u struggling. 
i liked a @ youtube video welcome back to bull!! [super mario bull bull!] [#142] 
emma: how’s it goin friends!! me: well i’m wearing sweatpants so it can’t be going that good!! 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 9 months, 5 days (since 18 sep 2010). and you? 
deciding wether i want to stream or not tonight, it’s gonna depend on my mood tonight 
2 months. ok i need to stop it. 
it’s. so. good. i watched it today. you’ll love it. 
if my future shawty’s dad doesn’t like sports or doesn’t talk about sports i honestly have no idea what me and him are going to routinely talk about. “what nice weather we’re having...yep”... 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist jacob lee - chariot (official music video) 
i hate seeing babies in their walking stage still having a damn pacifier i personally feel like they don’t need them or needa be out that habit at 4-5 months. but i’m not a parent 
i’m really excited for pose 
i lost my fucks when i lost my virginity 
i’ll never get over them 
now i got to listen to it 
i need to do something before i fall asleep to point of pulling an all nighter. 
i swear if you gave me 36 hours i could eat 14 gallons of @ marbleslabcan new flavor “cereal milk” 
i mean... they did go to north korea and stood next to a dictator... … 
i liked a @ youtube video buying a super rare dragon ball collection 
good luck to all mah doods at #sgdq2018 ! especially mah man @ komradekontroll , i'm sorry i couldn't make it for your couch bro..... feelsbadman 
hapy birthday @ nita_ramos_ i hope your day is as amazing as you are! meeting you has been a blessing, you are such a sweet and funny girl best wishes and again feliz cumpleaños! 
should i react positively or violently fren??? e pwedi kaku la migmana kagandahan? 
i want a myha’la layout but,,, john has my heart 
it’s mandatory that i eat dem cheetos hot fries 3times a week 
oh wow, if only yikyak was still a thing at this point in my life, the place i went to high school would be having a field day rn #missedopportunity 
stuck - mxmtoon - i love this already - wow this is so relatable im crying?? - no really this is so relatable. im actually crying (ive kinda had a bad day and this hit the spot) 
idk what ur talking about i came up with this myself. 
… soros mccain reform institute & immigration- 2/15/08- “i want the third generation, the seventh generation, i want them all to think ‘mexico first.’ ” these are the words of juan hernandez, mccain’s “hispanic outreach director,” on nightline 6/7/01. [2008] 
why tf am i going to work 
i didn’t call it nearly full, merely reused the phrase. 
i wish any of my art teachers had let us use a process of revision, and reiteration. it would have been good for my anxious and therefore perfectionistic elementary school self. i didn't need to hear "nobody's perfect"; i needed to see there were chances to revise. 
how long are you in town (i consider emu/ypsi to be "in town"). i live in dearborn. 
guess which two funny people i didn't know were on twitter just got follows? :) 
wow! a nazi who has the jewish prime minister as a friend, who goes to the wailing wall, who moves the embassy to jerusalem! i bet they take his nazi card away for that one! are you really that uneducated? 
i want pigs too lol 
i believe in your ability to do both! 
ahh, trumpie doesn't like it when other people know bad stuff about him. don't worry you'll soon be notified i'm almost positive 
i literally second guess liking someone because of what phone they have … 
i often wonder if i'll ever get to see xiphos' full body drawn, oh well 
the universe has been guiding me and telling me to trust myself for so long. finally i’m listening. 
i’m sure she’s taking a job... 
i need more space! @ chloessims @ devonbumpkin @ penappleyt @ whitneymathis17 @ uglywolfturn @ tonywgus @ nerdi_nikki @ eluminella @gavinsims0 
i want some english mutual.. 
i found this awesome recording of "malaya" on … 
thanks lewis at #winecountrytrattoria for getting my friend and i a last minute reservation! #pixarfest #castmembercompliment @ disneylandtoday 
nope, just learned to disregard it i have noticed though that i often have a dozen or more drafts for the same email listed in the gmail web interface. it's like saves a new draft each time instead of replacing the previous one. 
i swear i’ll never understand how you can stand there straight and tall and see i’m crying and not do anything at all 
i just can’t with this shit anymore tbh 
yo stg i thought it was only me … 
i want to meet matt maeson so bad 
depends on what i’m working on 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 10 months (since 27 aug 2012). and you? 
me too. i heard their names to my friend. maybe it's not the right time to stan with them that time because i cannot support being a fangirl unlike now. lol #teenchoice for #choiceinternationalartist is #exo @ weareoneexo 
in case you were curious, i've pooped twice today. 
more or less too afraid to openly condemn them. deep down, they might be all for it. but i guess that makes me an islamophobe for saying that. but they're not gonna speak against their own ppl. 
#snowflakking you are a #useful idiot. dirk everyone knows it's you. we don't know because some silly conspiracy theory type nonsense. about who's initials, or who said what common acronym. if you think i'm bothered by that idocracy wtf am i blowing it like there's no tomorrow? … 
omg i hope you’re on the 17th floor every night 
i love that shit 
i must’ve been smoking some fuck shit when i tweeted this because there is no way in hell that any of this was a good idea. … 
i am sorry but that face right there, i don't even have words to explain that face 
i made parmesan crusted chicken and zucchini and it turned out ok!! 
i appreciate the sentiments, but since i’m not twitter elite and don’t act like a know it all (ok with this) my exposure #onhere is limited. appreciate the good followers like you. 
i’m livid to the point that i can’t even look at ppl who voted 3rd party, stayed home or voted for trump the same way. … 
yeah it's just a shit organization and the guy who's gonna give roman polak 3x$2.75m on july 1 isn't gonna turn it around lol. screw it, i'm writing the damn column. 
imagine how mad peole would get if they didnt bring it back but i have a feeling they will bring it back later today or tomorrow with the week 9 challenges 
i had a horrible childhood. i had nightmares everywhere, and everyday. 
i got chills … 
such beautiful pics and that bread looks delicious. i am so sorry that you have to endure the bigotry of this administration. 
trying to stay positive but it’s hard when every visit or test brings more questions and disheartening news instead of answers and treatment. i can only say i’m glad i came home because even though this is all costing a lot of money, us care would have cost 1000 x more. (no joke) 
if by legendary, you mean soupy sales wore them, then yes, i agree. 
“i wanna hold you when i'm not supposed to when i'm lying close to someone else you're stuck in my head and i can't get you out of it if i could do it all again i know i'd go back to you” i miss you 
why am i not surprised that elon musk thinks artists should be grateful for exposure and shouldn't need to be paid 
all my life i been about that life 
2am crisis hitting hard, thinking about how i'm 24 fucking years old and i've never even been on a fucking date... what a joke 13 year old me had so many hopes, but now i just feel like i'm unlovable and that's fucking stupid and untrue, but what can you do 
i want a burger but i only have 14 dollars in my bank account :-( 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 10 months, 27 days (since 31 jul 2010). and you? 
all i did was sleep today rather than actually try to be productive lol i think i've officially declared the month of june as my resting month and will resume productivity in july 
i said the same thing if i can get my face a lil more clearer i really would hardly ever wear makeup … 
i bet you believe europe is real too 
i don’t care who you are, what you think you’re doing or what you think you know - these are the 5 things you need if you want to live the life you want to it’s maximum. 5 things, explained while too... … 
i just blocked someone for making a snarky comment about my cat and i have never felt so justified in blocking before 
collage trial day starts in less than 7 hours and i can’t get to sleep? fuck me. 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 5 years (since 29 jun 2013). and you? 
i bet u pack one... 
every time i ask , “ where is your bonnet ?!” … 
im calling my girl millie :/ i hate fags 
i liked a @ youtube video baldi's basics: the story you never knew | baldi's basics in education and learning 
i really want a jeep!! 
the boys having their free time enjoying local area is the reason why i love the world tour..the kind of freedom they will not get in korea 
he needs to be banned from existence. just kidding! am i doing this right? 
you know i haven't seen no big . you didn't bout no fella shooting a dude in a ape suit did ya? air-ya-go. 
i have fury. journalists are my heroes. 
dm me and i can put you in touch with some resources and some people! 
i know what's going to be my gift for my bday next month, yes! interpol new álbum (red vinyl of course) ^^ 
i tried telling yall he snapped on emotionless... … 
i make them hoes walk together like i’m amber rose 
“ i wanna thank god for workin way harder than satan “ 
my horrible hot busy day almost turned into the best day when i thought @ marenmorris followed me and it was a fake :-( 
i know, it doesn't seem possible. 
#blackadderbot it is customary on these occasions for the groom to marry the bridesmaid i presume you will honour this 
i’m on my way!! 
i got a new case for my 3ds!! i picked another sentimental circus one, this time with a marine theme to fit nanami 
anybody looking to find an apartment in portland? there's a couple nice afford 2 bedrooms around rn and m/ecas giving me hell about getting nushki up here but i trust the facebook queer exchange about as far as i can throw it for that 
why did i not know about it realistically 
i’m so stressed about everything i can’t sleep. i’m tired all the time. i’m losing my hair way too much. and portions of it are turning white/blond. doctors don’t know what’s going on but i’m not going well and it’s killing me. i can’t even work or rest properly. 
say less i leave thursday hope u ready 
im absolutely fucking smashed and im so glad i was able to be best man at an amazing wedding, may mr and mrs love be happy forever 
it’s so hot in vegas that when i put bread down in the trunk of my car to make a sandwich it deadass got toasted. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 9 months, 13 days (since 16 sep 2010). and you? 
hi bob, our names are di and robin. we are in the affiliate marketing industry. i found your twitter account on linkedin,, would love to talk with you about the great companies that we are involved with. 
this literally offends me i’m about to fight every person who voted … 
oh oh fuck fuck sorry guys i’m dropping my lovefor my ari all over the place sorry @ arianagrande 
i’m pissed but not surprised. 
i thought they had tougher environmental restrictions … 
sis if ur gonna say phil outsold our favs atleast own up to it and don't delete the twt . why puff that shit back in ? — i deleted the tweet because some dumbass put the n word in a reply and i don't want that racist s... … 
i'm at roosterspin in westfield, nj 
days until i see 5sos in my city 
rt this and i’ll draw your avi (tomorrow) im so talented i swear... 
@ hillaryclinton i 
the best date i’ve been on was at ikea lol 
and i tell them i’ll be right back and where i’m going. admit me lol … 
the girl at sally’s like “why you bleaching your hair? it’s not healthy” first of all, i’ll cut this shit off and start over again. do i look like i care bout being bald 
hey so i was younger with their swan ep 
big bucks in the child sex trafficking???? sounds that way to me??? wonder what the price is when this drug, i mean child hits the border, then whats the $$$ when they are in the us, and how much it cost to warehouse/ship to the end user??? … 
i used to see cnn in men's clothing in macy's...now it is anything but...of course macy's almost anything but as well … 
johnny and i really share a birthday..... one year difference. dead 
the last time i had it i got just shrimp & the shrimp wasn’t clean lol. ima just stick with veggies only 
i blocked the fool 
today i came to know that even lions do cry..... speechless to see @ sergioramos like this chin up captain 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 2 months, 10 days (since 22 apr 2014). and you? 
i didn't think liberals took showers.... 
\/ u c k o n t h a i l a n d s 
dang, i have a right thumb on top as well 
i want chippies 
and i thought @ thescoopnba was … 
i have just been a good day and i dream of dinosaurs. 
i know most of yall have seen it already but yall its about to start im excited 
i’ll borganized them both, if they like being trekkies so much 
mexican elections goin on i sneep.. 
i thought they both looked like they’re plants. … 
winning an election is one thing. defeating corruption and curbing violence, quite another. he'll have his hands full, and an expectant constituency demanding change. i hope he will be up to the task. 
appropriate - that shit is no joke. i’d rather be pale af 
know i am better off without mine.............. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 11 months, 1 day (since 31 jul 2010). and you? 
may god bless you in this time of need. my prayer is going out right now. what is his first name? i would like to use his name in my prayer. 
how do i become one of these people who are addicted to working out and healthy food? is there a secret club? do i have to sacrifice a goat? help a girl out!! 
girl you doing all these subliminals on here and took me off of all social media for what because at the time i told you i ain’t have it ? oh ! you can ever said i need t more than you some come at me different cause i’m not them bitches period !!! 
why cant i retweet you 
thanks k i have now done that. 
how tf am i only seeing this now?! 
throwback to when i was given free mezcal in taxco but had to refuse because i was too hung over from the night before 
my friend library shared bbtag with me so i could at least lab and shit before i buy the game myself on ps4 bless <3 
you saw the cbc radio live stream the other day right? did you catch where they mentioned harborstone? i don't recall what the time on the video was. 
my grind doesn't stop cause you don't like it... i have a dream and i am doing any and everything to see it come true! be along for the ride or get lost #workingwoman… … 
i hope this is the week leo gets a one on one #thebachelorette 
i stopped at camp for like the first time in three years and pastor leon’s kids recognized me and then i felt special inside. 
i wasn’t aware that low rise jeans are not a cute thing to wear anymore i’m embarrassed and my friends are fake for not telling me 
thank you. i do sometimes break down lineups (if key guys r out, hence the regular usage of the term "dead bat backup") & bullpens but a)im sometimes told i already write too much and b)cant keep saying the same things about bullpens (ex. ive already covered mil's great bullpen) 
i'd pay a lot of money to watch the first training session this off-season lol … 
i liked a @ youtube video christmas 
jthug? she’s good, i got an update about her like 2 weeks ago 
i watched @ _mermaidbarbie youtube channel with bar & she seems so much different than the way mtv pertrayed her her & bar seem like such a down to earth couple 
not saying your wrong, was just saying what i saw when it all went down 
i know the feeling... so sorry for your loss 
i read it through jkr’s retweet but yes, the internet is forever. hopefully one day some kids will be reading about this pres in their school history text files and laughing their arses off at the ludicrousness of it all. 
i don't even listen to x like that but the amount of emotion he put into his music is intense 
i’m here for it 
i’d let them slap the shit out of me … 
after doing it “right” for years i’ve now found the perfect way. par boil, drain, shake in a sauce pan to rough up. hot oil and marmite!!!!, cover the pots in it, 45 minutes at 180. nice savoury, not very marmite taste, crisp outer, fluffy inner 
i mean maybe it was a woman but i feel like only a man would attempt to explain the meaning of an author's work to the author. 
everything i wear gotta go with heels 
i've always wondered what they're friendship ended up being after cubbie left... 
in related news, i have purchased a membership at proformance fitness on river road. … 
@ uspshelp 1. i tried to call in and complain about a delivery today but your phone system is literally the worst. 2. i came home to the image attached. this is unacceptable. maybe put a rock on it so it doesn’t blow away. 
i’m gonna be pissed if the yankees get greg bird a ring 
i miss making out with someone 
i've just unlocked miner achievement in paradise island 2! #paradiseisland2 #gameinsight 
day 2 of 10: i've been nominated to choose my 10 fave films. we all know the drill: post a film poster, don't explain, nominate. today i nominate @ jstn_vn (bukas ka na dais prepare na 
wait, it’s an interesting choice to watch? if you are an editor, i’m worried 
@ l8on10dell254 you’ll never believe what happened, i dropped that dark haired one i was with and got a blonde 
as i said earlier, photo op with #sarandon i’m so off this bus. 
lol i just really wanted to use this full house gif. 
tell you father i soon there. know he expecting me. and i bringing the fucking potato with me 
a bath? what am i, a lady of olden times? i do listen in the shower though - my bts playlist on shuffle but skipping all the slow songs because i don't need to get emo in the shower. wrong vibe wrong place 
ok i need to calm down but i can't stop 
i really hope the mets starting pitchers did not pack their parachutes... 
@ dovecameron in this world there were people who helped me when i needed them most but not necessarily to be there if not for their incredible talent and the immense love they transmit to their fans, i love them with all my heart and gras all. @ thomasadoherty 
speaking of the wookies. somebody has copied your video, i have sent you the link via email. 
well, classical liberalism is possibly close to that. it's a little bit centre but could go left or right, depending on the particular topic. … also, i'm not entirely sure that i am a complete classical liberal. centre left is probably a good description. 
i have been on twitter for 7 years and 4 months (since 5 mar 2011). and you? 
i only speak the truth !!! jimin has been found dead in a ditch 
i love herrrr! 
i'm sorry but power by exo deserve more!!! #dafbama2018ex0 @ weareoneexo 
good, because i couldn't have an episode like i had yesterday. 
i gotta mute destini. i don’t want to see none of that north side peasantry on my tl. 
don't get me wrong, i work hard - but something completely different and better always seems to just fall in my lap out of nowhere. has happened throughout my entire life. #blessed 
life is a tragedy, confront it. life is an adventure, dare it. life is luck, make it. life is too precious, do not destroy it. life i #iyuz 
i liked a @ youtube video yung bans - ridin ft. ybn nahmir & landon cube (dir. by @ _colebennett_) 
i just slept through the hour i usually use to get ready for work and now i have less than 10 min to get ready 
can’t wait to go out tomorrow i need to daaaaaaaance hunny 
ima always fend for dogs when some wild shit happens to people in their space.. cuz i dont even like when people parked out from my house and i got the ability to think more rational than a dog lol 
@ evangravess @ geminiforthewin @ lvlur i told you all but you wouldn't listen 
day6 - shoot me blackpink - really nu'est w - dejavu apink - i'm so sick vixx - is this love (ost are you human too?) day6 - i wait ikon - best friend <> 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist rihanna - unfaithful 
i hope one of these days you drop your phone in the toilet. @hassfawazz24 
if my life depended on de’riante at this very moment, i’d be dead! 
i need to get out of here 
i cant wait for monsoon season. 
bitch don’t try to play tre p i really pray hustle stack 
[food] muffins are easier i am still trying to figure out a reliable way to defrost the pumpkin ones in my freezer. diy microwave meals etc 
i read this thinking it was august 17 and classes started in 3 days .... lol it’s july 5th we got time … 
we love you, you love me i know but you love is fake love 
i don’t understand how moms can go to bars and parties every night??? 
i'll take it. just make it all stop. please! 
thank you for saying this ellie. i love how you put faith in our god in meeting our love taylor 
@ chelseahandler dear @ realdonaldtrump i apologize for this fall down drunken losers post on the 4th. she is a morally bankrupt circus monkey who is void of understanding politics and complex subjects. she is an empty shell who has an inner hatred unmatched by any normal person. 
i'm still just gay in theory, tbh 
sorry i'm a little #late going #live right now playing some #fortnite! some #solo warm ups. maybe some rainbow six later with @ 
i could never fall in love with u 
i told my gma a barista gave me a free drink & she said he probably just made too much. lmfao i hate her 
i am the exception #exceptionalexception … 
i hope i didn’t lose my wallet i don’t remember where i put it 
i love trees i would never eat their leaves or veggies because unlike soulless vapid mass consumers i value what they have done for our way of life 
i feel this so hard in my soul. 
i test mfs to see if they have a sense of humor or not i just be wanting to see 
hey guys i'm streaming now come check it out and get some convo going in chat :p youtube - … twitch - 
my lil sister gone be straight in a couple years i promise 
i want this on a phone case 
i see the need for or rage happens next! 
i mean, hats off to her, i wish her the best and i'm glad to see a young face replace some uninspiring dinosaur. i just don't want the dems to think that kind of politics is their midwestern meal ticket when it's just gonna get their lunch stolen. 
they played this at the pool while i was in jamaica. everyone looked at me and my wife to see if we would join in as they did the dance. we did not... … 
i have the same hunch abt unfolding politcal drama by nawaz sharif 2 gain sympathy vote. how cruel are they.. one cannot think cashing one's mother death. these politicians are ruthless ppl … 
a little bit of me dies everytime i clock in for work 
i'm ready for life day? 
now i’m curious can you dm me it!? 
sweet christmas i need season 3! 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 11 months, 6 days (since 1 aug 2013). and you? 
we was also right on my back bumper so i couldn’t move 
i don’t want croatia to smell finals so i’m actually rooting for england now 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist bobby darin - beyond the sea 
"parliament can do anything".. there i completely disagree, as just mentioned in an earlier tweet.. dicey's `introduction for the study of the law of the constitution' defines nation through parliament as `the present sovereign` 
you know what would really help getting over this guy is if he wasn’t in every single dream every time i fall asleep thank you very fucking much 
go man go. i have him. 
i thought it was one of the better exclusives this generation. didn't have any performance issues either. only thing i was disappointed with was the lack of dialogue. 
"a skilled sniper will ignore everything in waiting for a perfect shot. i do find their level of patience admirable though." 
well, you have won. now, i really will be "the soccer mom on the sidelines". congrats! croatia all the way...i knew it all along ! but i'm really sad about sweden . #savetimeless just hashtaging out of habit @ goranvisnjic is it 2 g's or 1? 
a shirt i recommend. @ 
caesar's route is out and i couldn't finish the second route of klaus yet i'm a loser 
meeeeeel i love you so much baby <3 
i feel your pain 
im suing vivi for making me cry i love u and hope things go wonderfully for u too!!! sends a biiiig hug 
i’m saying tho ... like .. 
still can’t believe that i met him and shook his hand, simply razy 
i can't get no freedom 
i just realized maybe my wifi would work if i restarted my laptop but im not gonna bc im too lazy to ever turn it off lol 
i started sweating just looking at those 
agreed! but i'm hoping with rockstar and haleigh knowing the swaggy plan ahead of time gives them time to plan for a way to still send winston home. praying the bros don't make it to next week #bb20 
on ig bro i’ll look for his name right now 
you are kinnnnd to say that i shall continue, then 
i just cast my final vote ballot to send jean segura to the all-star game! help him win the final vote! via @ mlb 
“my titi said your food is so not healthy.... i know right?” she’s so silly #myheart #healthy #healthyfood … 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 9 months, 22 days (since 16 sep 2010). and you? 
i feel like it would cheapen it if you didn’t have to be. 
i still remember the look on your face lit through the darkness at 1:58 the words that you whispered for just us to know you told me you loved me so why did you go away... 
i liked a @ youtube video 15 funniest adult jokes in icarly! 
i took a nap and woke up to you not saying anything about 9 years of me being gone 
it’s okay don’t worry! the sushi was way better considering i’m melting in this heat lol y e s, the moment you tell me i need to wear a bra i’m like oh honeeey, in this heat?? u sure?? i would cut my hair short but my curls keep me from doing it, they’ll only be harder to tame:( 
sometimes, i feel really annoying 
i need to find a strain that makes me as social as i am when i’m drunk 
@ kfort1n probably the only way i know 
rank: how come you boys never come out on the lake with me? me: you never invited me out. rank: well you know where i live! best. coach. ever. 
i am rubbish don’t like tea. i have tried and everything . i feel like i am genuinely missing out now. quite like pimms outside though perhaps that could be my thing! 
usually get in from a model show still in the glow of "well i didn't buy much really"... lasts until half way through the process of listing it all on our website's "my stash just grew again" thread, when the sound of an "oops" is heard, approaching as if from a great distance... 
ok, so playing some destiny 2 as i purchased the game after the free weekend. i"m hooked! who else plays on pc? 
i agree with you. the stings of some of the atrocious stuff in my past can still linger, but when those moments happen, i remember the love and betterment they also taught me to cherish. even if you can’t shut them out entirely, you can make more positivity that outweighs them. 
i liked a @ youtube video top 5 endangered pokemon! 
oh my god yasssss i love her 
push me to the limit and i might goooo 
i had a moment man i had a moment! 
james reese europe jazz king of world war i via @ youtube 
i feel this too. 
i liked a @ youtube video splatterhouse 2 by zallard1 in 17:41 - sgdq2018 
i liked a @ youtube video kodak black - codeine dreaming (feat. lil wayne) [official audio] 
i hope this is not true. are any legitimate news outlets confirming this story? nothing surprises me anymore. but, i have taken too many buzzfeed quizzes to trust this entirely. 
just imagine for a moment that justin's wedding is published and beliebers around the world can go to see them i only ask god to go there with all my mutuals that have been by my side day by day for the passion that make us a family you're part of me 
this summer did not go how i wanted it to go 
#saveshadowhunters #shadowhunterschat i'll second that … 
y’all know those crappy cheap ass chocolates in the like, dollar valentine’s day hearts? i love those fuckers. i wish they were sold year-round. 
i'm all for a kickback 
praying for you bean !!! i love you 
your locations include universal city which i showed up to before 5 pm, so thanks for the false promo. 
i had a friend bring me some. i don't think it's enforceable unless you are loading up trailers full. 
i liked a @ youtube video dragon ball z - perfect cell theme guitar cover 
go get my diarrhe!!! i just go mine and im so happy. @ mirandasings @ colleenb123 i love it so much!!! go get yours now! before it sells out!!!! 
im quick to let someone know how i feel lol im happy to see others doing it too! 
it’s brutal out there right now! protect yourself and take time when you need it, meows the time to embrace it and see what can be done with it rather than wallowing in it (i’m struggling to not wallow, myself) 
i met her in april. so dreams come true 
wow so you're lecturing me on video editing and ethics? seryoso ka? i bet you even don't know how to splice simple videos. 
a high five to his white supremacist followers is all i can imagine it das. 
i don’t know why niggas don’t understand what no mean 
had a lot of people ask if i would do it..just curious who would watch if i made a pregnancy story video, day in the life video, etc. (open to requests of course) 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 8 years (since 12 jul 2010). and you? 
where can i get that shirt? 
everybody that’s asking for my discount before i leave better be bringing me a gift 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist skrillex - all is fair in love and brostep with ragga twins [audio] 
i liked a @ youtube video baby boy name reveal!!! 
i just sneezed 13 times in a row wtf 
was able to troubleshoot my pc hardware problems on my own, but i still wish i knew so much more 
i was at jordan - israel border crossing in eilat 
new post (i'm doing an online food order. can someone please comment with pictures of heck sausages and frozen) has been published on - … 
#drawingtsathabosejesho during the nights like i promised clementmosa work still in progress color pens on paper @olievenhoutbosch … 
also, @ speakerryan "we should set high standards for ourselves, so that we can be role models and set examples, and clearly people have been falling short of that, and i think we always have to endeavor to do a better job." … 
dear @ netflix i want to watch black books. please put it back on soon. thank you & kind regards. 
you’re lucky i’m in nebraska it i would whoop your ass 
that movie is a ride it's very good but i couldn't watch that bit 
my lil sis is so disrespectful, when i was her age if i even raised my voice to my mom.. it was over. this new era is crazzzzy 
if i have kids i’m raising them to be yankees fans. they deserve a chance at happiness 
just one month from today, i get to see @ jacobbryant1 @ mohegansun w/ @ brantleygilbert in ct ... countdown, can not wait!! 
i won the thieftaker achievement in assassin's creed syndicate for 25 #trueachievement 
in short, the story republicans have been telling is you can’t have a political opinion and serve in a job that involves oversight or investigations. #projection but ok, i’m looking forward to 200 resignations so #trumprussia can be properly investigated. #partyfirst #gopbastards 
i was so emotinal when i saw the video of the show and i don't know you, but im so happy for you!!!!! you have to be proud of this incredible gift! love is love, no matter what! 
i call this a shopping cart?? … 
oh my god ben was so horrible to juliet i want to scream 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 13 jul 2011). and you? 
i just wanna scream off the top of my lungs 
the best part of this video is when the lady says "..salsa dancing has actually been a tradition here at orchard beach for over 50 years!"...all while people are dancing to bachata in the background. i can not. @ thrillist @ delta ya'll … 
i won the come take a look! achievement in nier: automata become as gods edition for 25 #trueachievement 
i keep a good thought for you 
maybe i should be a coyote fan? 
i would pay triple the price of a build a bear rather than wait in one of those lines. 
guess i’m not black because the cars beside my car would be smashed up like an accordion if i backed in … 
how did i miss this omg im sorry hongseok i love youuuuuuu … 
i thought of inception at first, but i feel like this could be part of a lab or secret headquarters. 
when living in the midwest doesn't broacast the yankees. it's life. i adapt, overcome and move forward. let's go yankees!!! tomahawk some indians tonight 
i liked a @ youtube video the evolution of three days grace (1997 - 2018) 
i’m really starting the day off with 37% battery. what a mood 
i won 4 achievements in 2 games for 378 #trueachievement … 
i’m dead wild n out is so funny 
you're welcome & no problem! i've been off twitter for so long, i'm super out of the loop! lol! 
i won 21 achievements in 3 games for 476 #trueachievement … 
im crying, why do i follow daesung's pics accs #lrt 
i lost in a ranked and is was the most funniest game i played 
i think this was the 35 footer pull up for the win in okc day classic steph shot … 
i love this.... what a adorable pupster. 
i can think of people who need it way more than illegal immigrants crossing the border 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dominate self awareness and life perspective 
i was on ft with my friend and his little brother was like “wait does she wear make up” i was like nah , he goes “good , she knows she’s beautiful on the outside as well as the inside” 
if i'm going to be real with my niggas i must be real with myself ! 
i won the marked for death achievement in halo wars 2 for 23 #trueachievement … 
i won the escaped! achievement in warhammer: vermintide 2 for 10 #trueachievement … 
please, do send me a report which is due today, 20 mins before i leave the office 
i feel you! i just got one a few weeks ago! dam near had a panic attack. by far the worst thing that’s ever happened to me. … 
there's a part of me that's waiting for cory monteith to appear in a new movie or tv show as if he hasn't been gone for five years and i don't know what to take from that. there's just some people that stick with you forever. 
hi, my name is marisa kirisame. i'm an alcoholic #jpzbot 
i just read that whole thread and wow. 
ugh, tears. i hate caring. just gets me hurt. 
when i think about it my favorite track off beast mode 2! hard 
fake love is so catchy i've been singing it all day! pretty please play it! @ mostrequestlive @ bts_twt … 
i won 2 achievements in microsoft jigsaw (win 8) for 25 #trueachievement 
i think she said rockstar was campaigning to get brett out, but i could be wrong 
i hope tonight go by fast 
i liked a @ youtube video #freetommy: police refuse sargon at anti-tommy demonstration 
i won 2 achievements in fallout 3 for 59 #trueachievement points … 
i love the summer bc when i’m tan i don’t wear makeup & i’m nice and glowy. in the winter i look like i have two black eyes 
my cousin just told me she loves me so i gave her a muffin 
i won 3 achievements in gnomes garden 3: the thief of castles for 201 #trueachievement 
i dated this musician who used to play songs for me over the phone. then i realized he was just putting me on hold. #teamfollowback 
all i want is a nacho bell grande from taco bell 
i won 6 achievements in 6 games for 158 #trueachievement 
man. i want junk food now. dammit. 
i won 16 achievements in 4 games for 989 #trueachievement … 
i won 9 achievements in 2 games for 194 #trueachievement … 
i'm okay with that realization. 
scorekeeper can write it however tf they want to, as long as there’s no pencil whippin’. but when i play with my yaadies it’s all about giving that six-love … 
i suck at taking hints.. 
but i will be watching some from my to watch list now that i have free time 
i introduced zo to harry potter this weekend. i think she a fan. 
yeah mines coming up and i was ready for it but now i’m reading so many bad things and if you think about it, it’s not natural so it’s really not healthy to take 
loool i love how mad carmella makes everyone she’s doing her job well ! 
i won 3 achievements in 2 games for 58 #trueachievement … 
happy birthday ghado, i hope your birthday is the best ! 
i think i do, danny. i was trying to explain that to u when u told me, in effect, to get lost. i know u for the decent man u are. i think u want to engage. but it is hard. really hard. and i’m sorry u think i patronised you. i’d like to try again. there is a lot at stake here. 
time to draw and listen to make music tho i would do this visual/audio corresponding art work series thing lol 
@ rocketcatgames guys i really wanted to share with you about my emotions of death road to canada,i never played an any game with such a pleasant interest and hardened and i know that much possible that you guys wouldn't mentionn my tweet,but can you add in game alcohol drinks? 
ya girl here needs to lose between 10-15 pounds lmaoo but i love food y’all 
the simple truth is that my buzzsaw harmonic qualities, which are starting to form the effect of a backup singer (b1/c2, g2, + g3, as pictured below) will likely make me reviled by most of the members of the workshop. i may as well go all-in on both the melodic + harmonic. 
i shared this even before i could understand the whole thing. i parked outside infront the garaged door outside the house, my little dogs barked in alert to what was unusua in the yard. it was because i was... … 
i think you should stop hosting a show 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 7 years (since 16 jul 2011). and you? 
my guy! love this dude! i hate when he’s not around! … 
|| if i owe any replies, please let me know. i will try to remember to do them tonight. 
i’m an independent woman who is graduating with a masters tomorrow. self love is so so important. i earned this msc. i need to remember who tf i am. 
i won the you are not a human, are you? achievement in dmc: devil may cry: definitive edition for 15 #trueachievement 
ugh snapped. i stan a mutual legend 
i won the pitch veteran achievement in rocket league for 23 #trueachievement … 
i won 3 achievements in middle-earth: shadow of war for 64 #trueachievement … 
guys. three words. cream soda float. when restaurants start serving these alongside root beer floats, i’ll finally have a reason to shut up about star wars for a little while. 
hi @ twittersupport i am not a . i am just trying to save a show over here and occasionally re tweet some political stuff. starting wonder which one is the problem. please remove my shadow ban. thank you! 
hi. sorry for missed messages. i wasnt looking at my feed. you love art also? 
its raining hard and i'm emo gours with my soft day6 playlist uwu 
i won 8 achievements in yoku's island express for 447 #trueachievement … 
i won 6 achievements in fallout: new vegas for 177 #trueachievement … 
should note i yet to have a 4k player or a 4k tv. just couldn't help myself. 
@ cartelmgm where the new tape i thought it was coming out today 
i won 36 achievements in minecraft (win 10) for 1523 #trueachievement 
i won the c3 | taking the scenic route achievement in crash bandicoot n. sane trilogy for 34 #trueachievement … 
legolas nodded, reaching to caress her cheek before pulling away completely and he mourned the loss as he always did when they weren’t touching. “i know a place, a little ravine, so the horses may drink. i packed apples, carrots and oats for them as well,” he added, patting - 
well i just sent it again soooo maybe this one will get answered 
“bad news, good news!!!* bad news… i believe this will be my last year of being a domme. times have...” 
i'm at 3. gencer apt. in burhaniye w/ @ 
hey jim...i don't know what game you are playing but #maga movement doesn't need anyone slowing the train down. back off with your crazy tweets about trump and treason! trump is not a traitor! true definition of that word is killary and barry! #dems4gitmo 
i saw a clip and im so proud omg you were amazing 
speaking as a winner i can say hands down @ smorgsinnit is the best ! and honest . 
please i don't have that sort of influence unless i put your @ 
trump: “you have groups that are wondering why the fbi never took the server,” “why didn’t they take the server? where is the server, i want to know, and what is the server saying?" "...what is the server saying?" ??? dumb. as. fuck... #trump … 
i don’t even wanna think about the fact i know this person i just wanna find tae 
like i said, "banning common, popular semi-automatic rifles." "kathleen williams calling for a near ban on ar-15 semi-automatic rifles" … 
everytime i watch a yt video i get the same ad for the movie “the meg” with the shark following the dog and im not seeing the movie unless the dog doesnt get hurt 
if somebody told me music would be this different back in the day i wouldnt be able to imagine this shit 
“double my paycheck and i’ll stay ” 
i don't have an attitude problem, you have a problem with my attitude. that's your problem, not mine. 
no man's sky is actually good now after all the updates, though. yes, i know sean murray lied his arse off. yes, i know it was terrible at launch. but it's good now. 
lol i support barcelona but please respect ronald. good night. … 
(new vegas, obviously) you know what's very fucking satisfying? taking out members of factions i don't like with the silenced sniper rifle in the middle of the fucking casino lobby and having no one notice 
i liked a @ youtube video gays que casaram com mulheres - põe na roda 
i don't think she appreciates being woken for your benefit. :) 
i’m that red bitch with the freckles … 
i love my maid. 
i'm not that nice! // when you die de mgmt … #nowplaying 
not for this girl i hate people who hide behind social media i’m more of 
i've been a little out of touch. for those of you that still follow me, what steaming platform do you watch consistently/prefer? 
there should be a massive protest! i would go! 
first thing i saw was this piece: … 
what is a clothing line is basically "i want to die" 
(sighs) i should have known the truth would come out sooner or later. the fact is, i really was born on earth... tomorrow. 
kyle busch but i hope kevin harvick wins … 
10. raikou counts, right? if not i would choose jirachi 
i hope they both get the treatment they require 
this is what i get for asking for a link 
this is the cutest thing i've ever seen 
i don't know how you could bring in someone like kawhi with his attitude, and just trade away your most loyal player. he already wants to get traded. 
told raegan last night i'm gonna start being more politically correct and responsible with my twitter 
texas veterns with 100% disabled status are exempted from paying property taxes, which means lower payments. let me help you with the process. va land board certified. i have the expertise you need. linda moore texas global realty. follow me on facebook, twitter or instagram. 
i'm hip dude said it was weird 
« to this is: the boys who pine over a love that never will be. why continuously hurt yourself for the same outcome? what does that accomplish for you? love is frail and fragile and it needs to be nursed. love is broken in a lot of women. so, boys... i need you grow up. 
i hope you both hot guys had enough hot fun. 
i liked a @ youtube video noah cyrus - stay together (official video) 
i just jokingly asked austin what his thoughts were on me being a sugar baby just to get a rise out of him and he dead ass said “for $1000 and you would get free dinner? idk why you aren’t doing that” 
everything is falling into place and every time i think nothing else can come up, i get more good news. i deserve all these wins !! 
the thing is if someone tweets something like: “i dont like katy perrys music” and your initial reaction is to find who they stan and say “yeah well shawn mendes cant even sing!!! gotcha!!!!” what are you twelve ????? djdksksjs 
[txt negasonic] jane: yeah i can't sleep either what i do to sleep better is lay on my bed and start relaxing slowly each part of my body, from toes to head, also arms and fingers...or just take a pill to sleep. i have some lol 
ew i had my twitter on night mode for so long, i forgot what twitter actually looks like lol 
i’m totally with it.... one night and it’s not like you’ll need a lot anyway 
i have spent about $30 on strike force. i'm desperate for a universe focused game and it is filling in that gap despite how pay to win it is with the consumables. 
i'm so ready to spend my cc on exo 
5. my sister watched joeygraceffa and recommended him to me and i love him and daniel so much fun fact their ship name sounds and is spelled almost my real name 
i could go for a blizzard right now 
i’m here in virginia!!! 
i can’t trust people who put ketchup on the side of their fries rather than directly on them 
shut up i love you more uwu come and get this big hug 
i literally hate all of my mutuals oh my god fuck yall … 
na i think that would get all gross in there. not like plain, crisp salad! 
i’m very lowkey and i never worried about the spotlight or the fame. just respect me and acknowledge me when necessary. 
ugh i feel so ill i just wanna be cuddled and have my hair stroked 
it’s an incredible feat. every time i look up and see the moon, i think, someone stood on that thing. freaking nuts. also i would name my kid buzz. aldrin and lightyear.. come on. 
i'm sorry @ jamesgunn lost his spot at @ marvel because @ disney is shitting itself bout a merger. getting a fantastic four movie isn't worth watching micky mouse suck off the potus. 
omg @ cityofthefeels lola, paige, richard are not on here!!! what’s if it’s a sign!!! i could be freaking out over nothing but still what if someone dies in the season 5 finale … 
i think no one can 
i'm going to a horse show this weekend and hauling someone and her kid and omg i can't have a 4 yr old in my truck i'm storing coolant and brake fluid in there 
it's was actually so beautiful i had to read it to my friends i love love 
no one send me his pics so y'all need to believe that i really hate him 
this little fucker really tried asking me for my number rn while i’m out here dying. 
next thing coming for the 32 is seats. i need something to spice the inside up. stay tuned 
i will protect my girls until the end, can't stand nasty and manipulative people that call themselves friends to my girls. 
don’t worry my buttercups. i gotchalllll 
my client: so i matched w my eye doctor on tinder but he charged me $300 my last visit. i can’t date someone who’s gonna put me in the poor house i’m deadddd!!! 
going back to faceit now. i'll play esea for the league. going to test the cancer on faceit for a bit. 
i thought he had osteoporosis for the longest time 
gold was in my hands it’s what i get for underestimating people ..gotta perfect the craft and execute . tired of silver 
now until forever jesus i surrender show me what i don't know more of you 
@ austin_merrill1 hi. i believe i found your wallet. did you recently lose it? 
i'm over my cold! now i'm standing in a cold shower at 2 am, because i am covered in hives on every conceivable inch of my body 
i need a sweetheart in the streets and a sadist in the sheets 
dogs are great and i learned how they feel tonight 
hmmm i was thinking of the lyrics from the sharpest lives but i have no clue what the new fic is going to be called ah well... — if you consider what the fic is about, it's pretty easy to figure out lmao but yesssssss i was a... … 
yeah, i'm sure it must be hard to find competent japanese translators and as long as the english translation is fine there should be no big problem. 
i got some fun in too 
i can’t wait to get my damn-ass hair trimmed when i get home, it is so sad. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist how to have a garage sale | 15 tips | successful garage sale 
facts bro shit is sad them murals is odeee shit i would pay for one … 
been long i tweet ma about me 
had a pretty good zapdos day. i did like 30 raids, caught 2 shinies and a couple mid 90 iv’s and then my group went out to eat after. and i finally traded for a mr. mime. #pokemongo 
hello i am star wars twitter’s resident atla/lok expert 
i'm tired of seeing this tweet son. niggas witnessed 5 titles in 10 years and think we care about chris kaman taking a nap vs the cavs. y'all winning the game by 23 in the pic … 
i love shark week 
wow life always surprises me whem i think it can be shittier well guess what bitvhh 
i'd love to get back to this level of fat. i'm stuck on mayonnaise on everything fat. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist duke dumont - ocean drive 
also, destiny is a fickle bitch and gives me my least favourite poké, simipour, and makes it my strongest one. i never even used tyranitar. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist mindstate - how to get back on the horse every time you fall off.. 
been ready for work for like 2 hours. still have 30 minutes until i have to leave. i have a love-hate relationship with late night shifts. 
ughhh i'm wetter than his shirt … 
it’s no secret i’m a book worm! i’ve been wanting to read these two little gems after discovering this author. #bookworm #youareabadass #research @henderson, nevada … 
i’m not sure what #sundaynightsarefor but, i’m pretty sure they aren’t for staying up all night worrying about the week ahead! 
i created this world for a certain story, and while it could certainly make a good campaign, developing the setting more makes me think of past world events that shaped it to be what it is, and what sort of quests could take place there 
the is likely the only area in my life that i consider myself adept at. i’ve never honked. i’ve never sped. i got one red lighter ticket once for a rolling stop on s right turn, at night. i’ve never run a red. i always let cars in. i wave thanks. i like being nice. 
@ dosequis nada? ok that’s fine, i’ll try some of this tonight then . 
i dont know what i just read lol 
guys serious problem: i need a porn star name 
i heard you on that shit, i hope it aint true. was hard to holla at you last time i came through. 
let me get off twitter and finished this damn paper grid. i shall be back in some hours 
i don't understand....are they friends with him now??? wow so much was happening! 
lawd, less than a minute until i see @ kmichelle and @ kalisworld on my television and together at that! yassss! how could i forget @ missterray #lhhh 
aaaaannnddd i'm done with dk inlove with his pointed nose … 
you are a low life scum mr comey! how corrupt is the fbi? i hope you go to prison! 
aw, i see. that’s always rough. things are going to be ok though. you’re still in the healing process, and just because it’s over, it doesn’t mean you can’t cherish all the good times. 
i’m so tired of hearing come through and chill 
zhang yixing, i love youuuu~~~~ your happiness is my happiness too. so please always be happy 
am i the only person who is 49 years old that still has to think in her mind “i before e, except after c?”. like on a regular. isn’t that 4th or 5th grade? yeah, i’m that basic. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist e16: raw - international flair | kevin owens vs jeff hardy 
kaoru: oh hello sweet girl.... you ran so far and fast just to come see me? ;* rimi: i’m gay kanon: dude you’re turning red are you ok??? are you sick???? kaoru: she must be afflicted with a terrible disease... the disease of love kanon: then call her a fucking ambulance 
please continue with your “russia” theme. it will elect more republicans than you can count!! 1% of america gives a darn. we’re tired of you crying wolf for the last 2 years... really.. but.. if that is all you got.. then i can see you beating that dead horse...over and over 
i check twitter every night at 7pm to watch the protest videos. supporting you from chicago! thanks! 
i know you love me. i opened and threw your christmas presents at you. and your still here. 
i want to go to the county fair 
that was not the quote i was expecting. … 
if you told me 5 years ago a casual tuesday night would involve a conference call with me, @ sammijawsome and my boss on teaching comprehensive-ish sex ed to blind teens i would never believe you and also have a lot of questions. 
i've just unlocked best day ever achievement in paradise island 2! #gameinsight #paradiseisland2 
i will put out a link once i finalize the deets (aiming for a saturday afternoon in @ downtown_london with easy access & pastry) 
i’m so depressed cuz of this... 
omg i hope he bought that! 
also sais appointment ko today and i have to do it on this rollercoaster guess i’ll just die!!! 
i wanna see you win , just not against me 
i need to watch the search for spock again very soon 
i love you so much it’s surreal 
omg i need to catchup … 
i’m trapped! 
they have tons of free stuff shipped to the house for advertising, figured they ship out to the graphic side to show some love. but i have 4 or 5 pieces and highly recommend it. 
bruh i realize on his lmao i was tripping for a second and basing it off of hers imma go 
been there ,done it !! show me something i haven't seen before . 
tell you what chap, i'll put my soul on the line. i'll go to church when 1) philly teachers make as much in overtime as philly police. 2) public school teacher certs. are subsidized the same way @ ppdrecruittrng is free & w/ paid training. let's pray for divine intervention. 
i knew about patrick stewart and all. just not enough to keep me interested. it's just no comparison to family guy. 
in honor of @ jlo's 49th birthday, here's one of my favorite blogs i've written for small screen girl: 4 important life lessons i've learned from jennifer lopez 
i ride for my mf city 
hahaha i just have the flights locked down and confirmed and i was going nuts. i can only imagine round 2 ---sleeping arrangements. . where are you traveling to?! 
day by day i realize why people shouldn’t be trusted 
if anyone ever needs someone to talk to bc they feel alone, hopeless etc, please do not hesitate to message me. no matter our past or if you’re a stranger i will be here with open arms to help bc i am tired of losing souls to suicide or attempts at it. you always have me 
i’m just really bummed. doing what i can to stay in a positive headspace but sometimes it’s just hard. i miss mn. i miss my family, my friends and my dog. i miss having people around. 
i’m telling you chloe & halle are gonna notice me mark my words 
i was thinking about streaming for a good concept album 
i hate rand paul with passion. 
"actually, there's only one gender: human" i sneer as i tell women that sexism isn't real because "women" don't exist. 
no need to knock anybody. i'm simply stating the oa's doing an excellent job as a sports department but i'll opine there's a reason why the oa is hiring, and others are making cuts- quality of product. interesting, compelling journalism has nothing to do with corporate america. 
stop talking and start doing..i was told caps lock helps.. 
i’ll never understand black people who like beer. shit isn’t for us. stay in y’all lane. 
cnn is biased. not news. not fair. hates trump. for that reason, i am glad they were shut out. 
i see you outchea grinding in them books … 
i'm a sick bitch 
this is very odd timing in my opinion. i expect we will hear more in the next couple days. it’s a shame one of the greatest canucks ever had to go out like this. it is for the best of the franchise to move on from him, we need someone with more experience. hopefully we get it 
i made it 
uber but for potatoes, don't know what i'd call it though 
that was hilarious!! i couldn't help but picture an actual ipod!! 
earning #cryptocurrency for selling my stuff on @ listia! join me using code "cjgpln" for an extra 25 xnk. i just listed this: ted 2 hdx uv code (vudu code ) only 
in fairness to me, i’m a despicable pervert inside or outside of the house. 
i won 12 achievements in dead space 2 for 210 #trueachievement … 
i won 5 achievements in diablo iii: reaper of souls - ultimate evil edition for 291 #trueachievement … 
that's why alternitive news is gaining strength because of moves like these. alex jones paul joseph watson mark dice ben shapiro all of these guys are better inform. i like fox news but when things like these happens i start having my doubts.. 
okay but have you ever done the opposite of what the podcast tells you? podcast: don't take note of the numbers or analyze them or you will die in this specific manner. me: hmmmm... *grabs pen and paper* i wonder... 
earning #cryptocurrency for selling my stuff on @ listia! join me using code "cjgpln" for an extra 25 xnk. i just listed this: tower heist hd uv code only 
i won 2 trophies in fortnite for 36 #truetrophy 
i won 4 achievements in quantum of solace for 65 #trueachievement … 
i married chrom i killed gaius … 
@ bronk howard and staff are so mean to you. i like your segments. 
i won the appetite for risk achievement in dungeon rushers for 15 #trueachievement 
so i finally watched the paul mccartney carpool karaoke and oh my god... like imagine being in that bar and getting a free intimate up close concert from him like i would cry 
i’m sure they’d love to hear about that 
all these diamonds in my teeth i'm gone off a gallon of hennessy 
jockeys are hardly owners “customers” more like their inherited employees, acquired by trainer. that mentality is what’s giving them too much of a voice to begin with. they work for us i.e. r freedman and the owners. not the other way around. 
b47393b2 :battle id i need backup! lvl 100 yggdrasil omega 
i won 2 achievements in gears of war 4 for 389 #trueachievement … 
i liked a @ youtube video attack on titan author changes season 3 story?! 
i need you all to hold your applause, silence your cell phones, shut your mouths and listen to the new @ wellsmania podcast! #wellsmania … 
i won 6 achievements in the council for 279 #trueachievement 
i cackled. i didn't even know i could do that. 
a super successful day at the @ bt21_ shop in hollywood !! i got @ taegijm a tata, @igbtchim a shooky, and me a mang !!! i can’t wait to go back with alec next week !! i had so much fun today and even made a couple friends !! 
i’m glad we were noticed i’m just a bit upset that they were so quick to throw in another l.a date and we can’t even..... *sigh* #lytourflorida @ bighitent @ powerhouselive @ bts_twt #bts 
i won 9 achievements in middle-earth: shadow of war for 327 #trueachievement … 
don’t think i even come near that in a month before i’ve even spent anything let alone put aside 
i won 2 achievements in no man's sky for 44 #trueachievement … 
i’ve tried before and you took it from me somehow 
i’m trynna drink while listening to “mi enemigo el amor”... and maybe cry 
i thank you 
i know the rules change but not sure i see interference on this play. can someone please explain it better? 
that’s how i lived my whole life!!! good for you!!! 
i want somebody i can send all my funny selfies to and have the love reciprocated 
like no more taking sides any more i'm completely neutral. except with the paul's. fuck the paul's :) 
i'm at first ward in charlotte, nc 
i can’t wear hoops longer than 3hrs. my rings just be disappearing. can’t find my pandora bracelet have the time & my apple watch stays dead 
“damn these glasses!” “yes, sir! *points at glasses* i damn thee!!” 
i won 6 achievements in marvel's guardians of the galaxy: the telltale series for 211 #trueachievement 
i have no idea, probably the girlfriend of the guy who was throwing up in the bathroom for two innings 
thanks me. too. i'm still gutted about this i had written some good stuff too. 
i want to be a warrior princess 
yeah man, halo was one of the main fps games i grew up with. it's amazing how well the games hold up. but yeah, some videos do take a long time to make but the payoff is often worth it. 
i thought you were addressing the tweet i commented but i apologize , having a seat 
and i think he is still riding the obama train! … 
honestly , i still have to finish my readings for ap lit 
i've just earned $2.33 for completing a survey at … 
yep another virtue signal, in reality they can just scream they do t want my money. that’s cool, i will never have the desire to give it to them. 
is it sad that i actually believed the title for a split second? 
i love my cousins (yes, i only have 6 lollll) 
and i called her a ho, cause i mean, look at how she is lmao. if she wasn’t one then she wouldn’t get so mad when someone calls her a ho to begin with. gg tho at least i got an ass. 
i spent all days catching some good boys so i guess i'm in too deep now add me 
i won the creep from the deep achievement in yooka-laylee for 70 #trueachievement points … 
i like a photo @ viewbug. #photography 
same thing with @ barriecassidy to @ tanyaplibersk on @ insidersabc ... just surreal. when they said "insiders" were in an echo chamber, this is what they meant, but i believe it now, having seen it. plibersek's face was priceless, a memorable contained explosion of lols. #auspol 
i just cried tears of joy 
i type 69 words per minute. can you beat me? … #typingspeedtest 
sounds like my wife when i ask where she wants to eat. she responds, anywhere you want. the next three restaurants i mention she says to each, no, not there. 
lmao i’ll let you choose the place since i’m slapping you . … 
i have tried before but she doesnt seem to answer. 
i wish kat was here so she could go to the grill from ipanema with me :( 
my ts100 arrived today. time to create even more over led shields so i can write even more over engineered code to control them! #arduino #arduinoshield 
oranges are really cheap right now, and we’ve got a few in the apartment as well. i think i’ll take a stab at making oleo saccharum after today’s class. 
it is a brilliant idea, one that has been long needed in any screen reader offering external configuration extentions... i suspect there will be hickups along the way, but we are behind your efforts all the way. 
i can't even begin to count the things we've lost - the admiration of other countries, our ecological protections, ethics, honesty, voting that is not interfered with, civil rights, a free press, free trade, net neutrality. and that's just to name a few... 
theresa...., i like where you’re going with this..... 
if i was doing dairy and gluten.... give me the sandwich 
no, charter. i called their customer service and found out a fiberoptic cable is down. eta midnight. i`ll likely do a makeup stream tomorrow. 
please if any of y’all don’t like me, let me know now so i don’t continue to fuck with you and make myself look dumb 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 4 months (since 30 mar 2010). and you? 
#1 reason i will never be called a sell out with my art and music : nobody is fuckin' buying. 
i'm a basic bitch 
i liked a @ youtube video nottingham trent university uk part 1 | vlog 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: peanuts brand snoopy joe cool hoodie large black. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
he said something completely offensive but i’m hoping it was a drunken mistake. but one of those things that tells you about their true character. 
sorry to bother you is the most shookening movie i’ve seen all year! don’t read any log lines, spoilers, or reviews before seeing it. just go in with no expectations of what you’re getting yourself into! 
tryna get this cat to come out . i feel kind of like i’m gonna get arrested for loitering at this train station tho ...! i’ll do my best to look upstanding 
i mentally agree with this haha... my emotions will get there too. … 
hopefully it’ll be another year now until i have to see all this constant shite about love island 
wow i dont even know what to fuckign say you would think after sitting here literally all day that i would have it figured out but 
to be fair i did say thats why i be pushing a bitch off, not bitches ya’ll just trynna knock a crown of a kang!!!! 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 1 month, 24 days (since 6 jun 2012). and you? 
before i start my twitter journey i have to begin with an apology... my username is in fact incorrect. i meant to have put leaves and not grass. now that's cleared up. let's party ;) 
since we cannot crowdfund at our school i am retweeting to help. … 
that is too funny. however, i may fall over if it becomes a reality. 
@ tweetsfor45 it's very sad tht i retweeted a couple of your post! just to come bk a couple days later to see them untweeted!! this happens a lot from wht i can see!! 
on the plus side, i ate like one and a half bags of goldfish crackers today. 
agreed. i’d much prefer a dull axe and a partially blind headsman for the lot of them. 
it's sad to feel like i'm bleating, "can't we all just get along?" but kristol &c. really don't seem to have their minds right. who the hell supports voting for satan's handmaiden? seriously? 
i dont find it funny to make fun of dr. umar johnson for not opening a school that he cant afford to open. you and i both know if he had lebron money that school would be open by now. 
i would like to but i’ve spent so much money and time on my xbox account i can’t just reset 
had every intention on buying blue bell’s bride’s cake ice cream tonight, & i get to kroger and they’re sold out. god blocked it. 
poor leadernim~ but i can't help to laugh at this. hahahaha! … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist riley at class ii 
18. uhh i didn't know people actually had a favorite store 
i'm sure it was the purpose, but i read that in tfs popo's voice lol 
but i see your point. maybe they're planning on saving wily for a big reveal at the end like most of the games did. 
it's high time i went to bed 
i have been on twitter for 8 years, 2 months, 21 days (since 11 may 2010). and you? 
@ ikeausahelp can i buy a lillången door by itself? i got the tall mirror cabinet for bathroom because it wasn’t as deep as others, but the mirror doesn’t come off the door. 
i wish both of you are always this happy i love both of you 
i just wanna wear my ovo hoodies 
i just subscribed to him as well 
i don't think building more homes is the answer. i think we should instead be protecting our green space and creating more council accommodation. 
i'm at 京急蒲田駅 - @ keikyu_official in 大田区, 
god this is bringing back memories. hated doing relays in gym class. that was pretty much the only time i was glad for my period because i got an "excused from gym class" note from the nurse lol 
@ _vesperteen_ next time ur in nm i’ll buy u some nm piñon coffee 
i've been looking up ideas on how to do this and i've got a pretty solid plan for how it's gonna work, but i need a base to start with! 
i'm at 上野駅 in 台東区, 東京都 
i thought it was a picture of us 
$25 on ebay. god i love club hockey. 
hope i can see u walking around at some point love u so much x 
i had years to waste. #whyijoinedtwitter 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist clade x - they're getting prepped! wave 2 disease wipe out plan exposed 
are you not grown? fuck you thought bitch? i'm not taking responsibility for you fuck you. adult bitch 
havent played gen 4 in a long time but i remember i really liked her 
my brother's new girlfriend told me that i'm really beautiful. it's his 4th girlfriend and the 1st one to tell me this. she's a keeper 
me in everything i do … 
i just emailed president trump at white house! i was asking for recommend candidates in the upcoming election for the state of idaho! this is my return email! i hope i can get a more detailed response to my question other than a generic response!? @ 
our time is up! #godsprayerroom thank you so much for joining @ michael1holford and i as we intercede for #antigua/barbuda until next week, may the word of christ richly dwell in you. amen. @ momisnowtweetin 
i should be storing up sleep for the coming school year, but instead i stay up watching #johnoliver and shit. this segment on #transgenderrights is very close to my heart and is 
honestly, having read the article, i struggle to understand why the behavior by cuomo it describes is even a big deal. and i hate the guy and pay close attention to elections. this one just seems like a nothingburger 
can you guys please ask some questions please i know i am flop … 
all thanks, honor, and glory unto the lord for letting me reach august of 2018!!!! not by my power or might that i made it this far but by his grace 
oh no i’m over tweeting again. i will stop. 
youngblood say you want me say you want me out of your life and i'm just a dead man walking tonight but you need it yeah you need it all of the time 
fishboy scholars and historians: is it public record that i got five songs into writing/demoing albatross 2 and scrapped everything to make classic creeps? 
the lemon twigs - i wanna prove to you via @ youtube 
i am good with bringbackscorpion. #savescorpion 
i'm boo'd up like you now and niya 
i didn't buy a textbook my last 2 years of college … 
i was tired but in a condo but idk what her canon point will be great for saiki 
hii mommmm, i love you 
17: i really love boar 
i liked a @ youtube video 25 tattoo artists reveal their craziest client stories | inked talk 
but the other day you said i was worse than audial? 
wait i’m sorry. did @ notyoungjavier have snakebites at one point? need photo evidence. 
again that was meaka she's a dick head & thanks i didn't realise u had a heart tho 
save the date thursday 24 jan @11am @ tcmf_official 2019 only show! very excited to announce i’ll be holding my very own full band show at tamworth country music festival 2019!… … 
my sense of humor is terrible i will genuinely laugh at anything these days 
"we'll see if he can get to an mvp level, he's just not there yet this season." on @ javy23baez --local sports station. haha. baseball, man. "i like rizzo better because he's hit 3 home runs in the last 6 games." haha. baseball, man. you're stuck in 2001. haha. baseball, man. 
i’m at simpson’s trivia rn and this is another league of fandom that i have never experienced 
everyone knows to not use the '.0' release; i'll be waiting 'til web 2.3. #facebook 
dad and i are both at two different airports at the same time and we’re both having the flight time but different destination. 
i’m so sorry she’s beautiful 
@ naomiaklein one of the (very) few voices in today's society who brings hope + solutions for a future i believe in. read, share, act, act some more … capitalism killed our climate momentum, not “human nature” by @ naomiaklein 
i can’t wait for robin to have her baby so we can get drunk 
that first track off @ hermusicx i thought i was listening to lauryn hill 
i love what i've heard so far! 
i liked a @ youtube video galacta knight remix - kirby's return to dream land 
i am in stitches … 
yes is beautilful express love to him i'm happy too.. 
@ therock - hi dwayne, i just thought i would let you know that we cancelled the "glow bowling" that we invited you to in fort saskatchewan, alberta. i hope does not wreck your weekend plans ;-) 
i was looking at my laptop camera and had an idea... i could take a picture and use that as inspiration for an ogre vtt monster token... let's see how this twisted idea develops! 
oh, immagration, sole authority, commander and chief. could be a lot worse i would be! 
if you’re looking for online retailers,i think the container store has the largest selection,but they can be pricey. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 3 months, 15 days (since 19 apr 2014). and you? 
i get tired of wasting my breath . when i keep quiet . you gonna be a mad mfer 
hi guys we're in some gross traffic so im not at the venue yet! when i get there i'll let you know where i am! thank you for your patience! 
you sure? i think we had this discussion already lol 
i was just thinking that “seán signe” sounds a lot like “john cena”. i am dying of laughter. @ jack_septic_eye @ wiishu i hope you enjoy this little joke type thing. 
if i had enough money i wouldn’t have to imagine … 
always good to be in san diego so i can listen to @ mighty1090 broadcasting from @ delmarracing 
oh right that's the real reason i keep them 
there is no job in the private sector that would pay someone $275,000 to travel the world while doing little to no work at all. it’s so awesome and i’m so fortunate to have landed such a job in government. my smarts and work ethic have paid off. set your goals high! 
the reason i’ve been feeling like this whole week has been diagnosed: stress induced anxiety 
saw fallen kingdom tonight. man, i saw the original two weeks ago and i’m still riding that high. this is in no way that film, more like a lost world. this film asks one question and gives two answers. which is right? i don’t know. good though. 7-8.5/10 
i support mr. lebron. he did what we all supported. the right to express & freedom of speech. mr. trump & those who have forgotten. our men & women fought for freedom. it might not be our practice but it is his right. he did good. 
unexpectable a written ask and a response knowing the bush did it i don't kino i fight fiercly;. 
i love you guys!!!!!! happy birthday to us @ weareoneexo @ b_hundred_hyun @ lay_zhang_ #happyexolday 
i stepped on a staple today and it will fully inserted into my foot 
they don't have too fox also have competitors in netflix etc getting extra subscribers helps them. its why channel 9 want games in smaller venues. it comes across better for the home viewer. the clubs, nrl and tv broadcasters need to be working together. i will leave it at that 
lol! i’m still eating popcorn 
i'm scared that if i lay down or do any movement i'm gonna throw up again 
me thursday night at like 4:30am when i had to get up at 6: please for the love of god i just want to go to sleep my brain: 
i love you and i miss you 
well, it amazing we can get that kind of an admission from a genus such as him (and yes, i misspelled "genius" on purpose). 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: women's cute sundress. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
tbh i had sprint when i was in nc and it was shit but even when i was home it was garbage 
@ sebastianbach i’m hoping to meet you in october while you’re in tulsa ok! i want a chance to talk to you since the last time was sooo long ago(1989?) in little rock ar. & i was so star struck i couldn’t speak . fingers crossed. i’ll probably cry again. 
i appreciate y’all for sticking with it. working in the trenches out there. i have to rep motor city. 
sarah dickson could literally say "go off" after anything and i would laugh so hard omg 
“she said life ain’t about smoking weed and fucking bitches, grow up. tears rolling down my face heavily so i smoked one.” 
honestly i like that work keeps me super busy cause then i don’t have to think about my shit life 
i don't see any issue what's the problem? 
am i the only one who prefers my lazy finger with my pinky instead of with my middle finger on 4-finger paws? 
so i finished andromeda and uhhh, i was sitting like this through the whole ending sequence (and through jaal romance scenes, jfc that was cringy as hell). game certainly has some good sides, but it's not wholesome and glitches oh shitload of glitches. 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 6 days (since 30 mar 2012). and you? 
anna’s new outfit looks great but i don’t care about her or lei. i care a lot about one of those 3 unannounced characters being jun though. the chosen one is back on the cards. 
i owe myself the love i freely give to others 
@ lmaokristinaa were you at target today? i think i saw your mom... 
like if some guy on he street told me i’m ugly and then i walk into a bank and a bank robber tells me the same thing i’m no more offended the second time other than maybe for it being the second time lol. why is it different? 
y’all probably think having thicc hair is great, right ? wrong. i’ve had to buy 5 combs in the past month due to me breaking them. 
no need to dm, can you just have one of your reps print all statements from both my accounts with names and addresses of all charges, and have them printed in english. rosy, they know who i am, have them call me. thank you. #cyberbullying 
i had such a great weekend, ya know aside from getting in an atv accident and having a bruise bigger than my hand 
how am i meant to teach with this news hello all i want to do is ply some god dam tekken 
man i really hated my makeup yesterday 
that's what i meant, if u ain't looking don't sweat it plus we young got a whole life ahead of us 
when i was 5 roger waters scared the shit out of me why? i still don’t know 
ima second this lol i’m so proud of you sis i love you 
i’ve never seen the kids in this wash dishes but i’ve heard they do. i left puah there and she’s says she washes them once 
roughly translated, it means "i like weird tv shows, especially those featuring incidental kangaroos" 
what's stream goals you have or like to do? like 24hr stream or x-day stream challenge i'm looking for some streaming challenges.. 
don’t tell kyren i’m coming im surprising him 
they were simply amazing. i had the honor of working with dave s. 
i’m falling asleep and if i do i know i won’t wake up till waaaaaay later 
i thank god i have been a ham or amateur radio operater since 1966 cal sign w4mte, the phony news or fake news cant block world wide news i have seen this u.s.a news media lying for years and years. 
i have eczema too and its terrible. i know the pain. my doctor told me to pour a cap full of bleach in my bath and it helps dry it out and get rid of it. i know it may sound crazy but it works! its just like if you were to get in a pool. 
i wish these angry stans made me as famous as they made you … 
i need to slander the other afc south teams more 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 14 days (since 23 jul 2013). and you? 
huhuhu yes,, jjks techniques are fucking amazing hes learning so quickly i sincerely hope he will do a video series hnnn ;;;; 
i want a strawberry bag like that irl. #characterdesign #outfitdesign #clothingdesign 
it was that ponk twan than she came i thought she was coming to save me she talking bout unt unt you going in 
i’ve watched this video way to much 
68, police shooting, taxi cab. i don’t particularly like it though … 
the good thing is that for me bug bites dont last longer than a day the bad thing is that i still get fucking bit by a goddamn bug 
a kick to the balls can't hurt a guy that much — if i kicked you in the vag i'm pretty sure you would be on your period for a month … 
that's our president who has spent a lifetime honing his negotiation skills. i love this man, our president trump 
always nice seeing the reaction to when i give out a gift sub #mfam @ 
@ arwbs3 i wouldn't bank on it #bristolcity 
i was nothing but nice to this girl lol 
any review that starts with ‘a departure from the books i usually read’ makes me nervous. but when it unfolds into the wonderful endorsement of #thehonourablethief via amanda @ mrsbbookreviews, it just about makes my day. thank you amanda . @ macmillanaus 
i just earned the 'lagunitas cherry jane sour ale' badge on @ untappd! #lagunitas #cherryjane #onehitter 
my boy n i. love u so much son 
i thought you were talking about physical confrontation. stop talking bs, casemiro had an ok season. how many rm games have you watched? he was both unstoppable and out of form, meanwhile vidal was on the bench or injured. implying case isn't a top cdm is beyond logic. 
i voted for @ cybertronpc for a chance to win some extreme prizes. check out their rig and get contest details at . rt and you could win too. #intelrigchallenge 
i’m always going to eat. i’m always going to find a way. 
ballot shortages my ass!! i was there at noon....lunch time! there was no one voting but my honey & i. i'm calling bullshit!!! 
just when i think my heart cannot break any further, i realize it is now splitting at the atomic level #resist and call congress 
i haven’t had boba all week 
i love to roll but some guys be weird if you smoke and they don't. if they complain i just don't bother lol 
still haven’t recovered from #thebachelorette finale last night. hot take: i’m way too emotionally invested in reality television. oh well, #bachelorinparadise tonight! 
and with this class, we're basically learning about a software which can potentially replace me as an engineer. bitch i don't wanna learn about that, burn that shit down 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 8 days (since 30 mar 2012). and you? 
i was upclose at the stage at the end of the parade. my eyes burned over that jacket, the weather & the #stanleycup champagne. #foreverablackhawk 
@ kiyanghahreman welcome back i assure you the people tryna come for you are just jealous that you're that bitch. stay slaying our asses 
i came here to say this. 
interestingly @ jcasatodd, we had prepped your poster for “a class social media account”. that was given as a handout today. lol. i love the pledge sheet. i see it as inspiration for a bulletin board! #tvdsbllc @ mountsfieldlc @ dawntelfer @ kariharding9 @ emilycarrlc … 
fgs. can i not just think about school for abit please. i think it would make me a lot happier 
@ maddie_murphy10 i thought of you 
i love the way it feels, it's got me stuck between my fantasy and what is real. 
somebody knocking at my door and i'm not answering 
mrř'hŕ'a̭wr, crew! ensign murakami reporting for duty. lurch, androids, and duplicate kirks. i'll set the replicators to double-strrength liquor orders. #allstartrek 
i may have gone to drastic measures to see if i can get my legs to tan while on my bike rides. 
the only new categories i'll accept: most money made minus the 3d/imax boost, best toy tie-in, best designed red carpet premiere. you listening @ theacademy? 
when u get the tix and realize i haven't studied for ass 
… i'll save you the click on this crappy crappy #clickbait article the "journalist" gives 1. no sources 2. no proof i. e an opinion based article by an #mcu fanboy. #jamesgunn 
my face is clearing & so i’m just naturally fea. 
please!!! fuck me til i cry n keep going,,, even if i say stop. use me how u want im all yours 
i just added this listing on poshmark: dainty earrings. via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
haha, i gotta get some of that mentality 
some of my favorite photos of paddington <3 i miss him every day since he ran away in april..i hope he's safewherever he is and i'll keep looking for him. 
i wish they would admit their mistakes. if you get it wrong just say so. i got burnt out on that movement as they refused to move on and reset when it didn't work out. instead they just keep building on it to save face. 
got a new job sorry if i been out the loop 
i'm sorry but i still hate you. 
and yeah, i’ll take your word on it. 
i will literally die if i ever see the weeknd 
check out refugee council of australia. i just joined. … 
i see what pov you have... and i don't say we should lower our guard... but still for me, as a german, the onhding hypersensitivity is sometimes a lil bit...annoying... growing up in germany means get penetrated with our history... we are weary! when will there be faith in us? 
now, i don't normally do this, but i am having coffee on the train in one of those paper cups. this is because i was running a few minutes early and a new coffee shop, which i wanted to try, has opened next to ashfield station. 
"one day, lacy conducted an experiment: after an idea she really believed in fell flat during a meeting, she asked a male colleague to present the same idea to the same group of people days later." i'll let you guess what happened. … 
i always forget and open twitter all the time at work 
i just rewatched my astro hi touch andi. wanna cry i miss them 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 11 months, 15 days (since 24 aug 2012). and you? 
if i do it will you send me another one because they’re low key gonna be pissed. i’m 22 living rent free and now i’d be eating all their food too 
i was going to see the meg and blackkklansman tonight but decided to watch preseason football instead. now i’ll prob never see those movies. 
hi frank, can you please identify some dates when you would be available for your placement. woot woo ---only trouble is i forgot where i wanted to be placed 
ever since i was a small child i have dreamed about a us space force. now as potus i can have one. exciting! so expensive but worth it to protect the moon from mexicans. 
yes!! i feel like this is a bigger problem than we know! 
now, i know why you want to break india into 1000 pieces, insha allah, insha allah. 
i would like to thank @jaeminnnie for filling my timeline with the god of the sun 
i feel like when my life is going good, i need to stop talking about t because usually that’s when it goes to shit. 
because eating live corpses means you're living in a season of the walking dead. also, this is why i just generally airlock vegans upon detection. 
all so true! and i totally agree about it being ok—and for some maybe preferable!—for grad school and whatever comes next not to be related. and a big yes to listening to students’ expertise and investing in resources to fill gaps in faculty knowledge/experience. 
like this for a like spam when i’m not busy i’ve been ia today 
"can i help you?" -merkkury #pitbullsofinstagram #dogsofinstagram #cute #businesspup … 
i’m scared of stairs and this tweet gave me anxiety 
seeing pictures of the my lai massacre in life magazine when they were first published. my dad was in vietnam at the time. created great struggle in my mind. ever since then, i have sided with the people, the poor, the powerless and with all those who fight against oppression. … 
i am bumping this again bc i was rewatching it w classm8s earlier today & im dead 
i’m trying to go get margaritas 
i have crackshot and its rare but honestly don’t care if it returns it’s just a skin which everyone should get the chance to use 
oh ok uhhhhhh idk man it's your average rhythm game i guess the main thing is there are a lot of characters (tsukiuta and tsukipro) and events rotate between all those groups with little down time so it'll be easier on your life to just focus on your faves lmao 
i'm at 阪堺電車 新今宮駅前駅 (hn52) in osaka, 大阪府 
why does the media have to do this. nancy is the new hillary. next there will be screams to lock her up.they think they have to have conflict to get ratings i guess. maddening. 
i’m a really impatient person i hate it 
it’s just because i don’t want people with who i fight to be in my mention 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist deja vu 
i can book em cheap 
i was gonna call you andy’s sister 
wow i am starting to stan in2it and learn about their group's history and watch back boys24. i cant say how proud i am with isaac. 
i don’t know what’s going to be more lit, the pregame or the event it’s safe to say both of them hml if you’re coming so i can getcha to the pregame before the #privateparty 
aww. yeh same size. i tried feeding the little guy but he wasnt having it. 
i am now on a personal crusade to rid them from the world. 
me either, hawey... but i've been good since thursday! 
you’re the reason i believe love is real 
yoo i dont even remember leaving im sorry ! ): 
okay, can all of you send in positive messages so i can tweet out anonymously to your mutuals? i need wholesome posts on my tl 
@ emlacking had the best day ever i love you 
caroline and i at drum corps international world finals! go bluuuuuuuuue! 
you’re the shadow of the one i fell in love with. you complain about every little thing i do 
wooooooooooow, i literally never got this mention. i’ve been waiting two days for this. i stalked your page waiting for pictures anré. i’m disappointed. i feel betrayed. let down. allat. … 
i guess its a mo thing 
oh and i have to wait 2 years. yup. so fucking excited. 
to whoever tweeted about trader joes japanese fried rice a while back: thank you, and i love you. 
that's pretty cool but i'd rather it be a different pizza place closing. 
with you! i said goodbye to 18 “friends”, it on the beginning, but the last 6 months after they started to talk stupid in trying to defend him. you’re not alone! 
that person makes it so much better! but i’d definitely like to go spain, italy, greece, finland, norway, bora bora, london, paris 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist diamond platnumz ft p'square kidogo (official video) 
lmfao i matched with my best friend on tinder but i’m pretty sure it’s because we both had the same thought process ; “hmmm bet they wont” lmao this is gonna get interesting 
woah!!! folks i believe were are getting somewhere now!!! … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist wale - black bonnie (feat. jacquees) (official video) 
i’ve been dming him and he hasn’t responded to me either i hope he’s ok 
happy birthday seb. i love u more than words can describe. ur selflessness and kind heart makes this world a better place and i am so thankful for it. i could go on forever about how much u mean to me but that would take ages to write so im just gonna leave it at that. love katie 
well where i'm at school starts back tomorrow and yes i have a senior 1 glad single mom 
i won't have it any other way or i'll email the russo brothers myself demanding my money back. and everyone else's too 
"hmm. i've always wondered how strong kale from universe 6 is. hopefully she's learned to control that insane power of hers." 
ugh i love getting drunk and texting everyone in my contacts 
today i worked out, wrote, grocery shopped & watched some of the stupidest videos the internet has pooped out! 
i'm a firm believer in positive affirmations and speaking things into existence. glad you're having a good day. but i keep telling myself i'm gonna be rich one day yet here i am wondering where my million dollars is... 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: peyton manning indianapolis colts “century” jersey. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
it is no problem my child, that’s why i am here 
i wonder...is this a real account...nah, but it's hilarious that this fake acct has set up a gf me acct...bahahaha . how freaking stupid do you have to be to donate money to this knob?? 
i wish i had that “tell em’ to go to hell in such a way that they would enjoy the trip” type of voice. i just don’t. 
i appreciate the professionalism of the @ americanair crew and the safe, on-time arrival. 
jimin in these photo concept you are beautiful ... i don't have other words 
i’ll drown in the sink before i go to bed with my makeup on. … 
i wish i could say that but i’m just not surprised at all 
because you’ve been down there for almost a week. i haven’t seen you around the hospital, your name hasn’t been on the or board. if you need time off then take it but don’t sit in the morgue. … 
train ride reads i feel like i’ve already highlighted half the introduction. @ sarakahmed 
unfortunately this has been the case for many years, it was the case when i served. i thought when reagan was elected, he would change that, but he only went so far. but there's nothing in it for trump, so do expect anything from him. … 
i have been on twitter for 4 years and 4 months (since 15 apr 2014). and you? 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: ps3 game bundle. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i was a part of a team that analyzed fins from hong kong’s market, and we found that protected sharks are still frequently being traded. that’s a big problem, as one of the leading threats to sharks is the trade of their fins, and hong kong is a... … 
thanks @ ziositalian for a bad experience because i was able to enjoy a superb dinner at @ olivegarden! #italiandoneright 
but if i’m connected i can’t it’s a mindset thing though 
when i grow up i want to be able to raise a hand in the air and have the band behind me launch into a thrilling live rendition of my boss battle theme 
help me god, i trust you. 
oh yay! i haven’t gotten the scoop yet. thanks! 
i shouldn’t be terrified to send my kids to school, and yet 
i pay $780 for the exact same but water is included, definitely a good deal 
i liked a @ youtube video *days of summer event*iron curtain ii/prestige rewards/call of duty ww2 /master 
i volunteer as tribute … 
i’d much rather read the instructions on the back of rat poison. thanks. 
what kind of headset can i purchase? … 
that's what i thought. i was like how did i lose 17 followers today? was i hacked? lol did you see what happened to acuna? 
i love messages out of the blue 
should i be a fidget spinner for halloween? 
@ pldtent_cares i've been messaging you everyday. please respond to my dm. 
i'm really sorry that's terrifying be aware of your surroundings and stay near people and if he does anything or follows you call the police 
i’ll never stop believing that one day you’ll follow me 
why is the world so cruel, i just want to know. i'm starting to forget what my mother's voice sounds like. 
one of my bigger anxieties living on guam (and this applies to hawaii too) was that if the world ends or society collapses while you're there... you're never getting off that island if we're on the mainland i can at least go all mad max and take a roadtrip to find my grandma 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 9 years (since 16 aug 2009). and you? 
this is what i pictured when @ dubdotdubby said he couldn’t do the shoot … 
i don’t think so. i believe he spoke exactly how he thought and as he thinks many of his constituents think. which is telling. i’ve moved amongst people like this and i’ve heard it, decried it and been denounced as all kinds of “@&$&$@“ lover. they’re out there. 
sorry but accounts like this one make me get myself out and i don't care anything. really sorry, anyway it wasn't supposed to be a joke 
actually it turns out that 'dan from long island' is the victim of some guy who fabricated a story for his vox blog due to the low turn out of the actual altrighters. the whole thing is fabricated by this zack and i'm honestly quite disgusted that someone would do that. 
because @ marcusreports and i are #avgeeks we have discussed alternatives to the #militaryparade over dinner this evening. so here’s an idea (bc no one *really* wants to see tanks anyway... you know?): 
what are these so called catalonia countries? i am sorry but i can not find them on any map, i can only see retarded people making retarded claims. firmado, un español. … 
homegirl didn't spawn in for like 2 minutes. and i could have just switched to codcast. thanks for the kick tho :( 
@ darkskyapp please push an ios update soon. i love your app, but i’m having widget/watch sync issues constantly. 
do it do it do it or i swear 
and it’s back to not getting home until after 6pm sometimes i miss living in oxnard ... pero despues se me pasa 
i am an even 6 feet so i guess you could do that with me 
@ jloss__ i fuck with him 
i’m so blessed to have the kinda mom i have 
"hi, site memorial international architecture ideas competition is open. application deadline is 22th, september 2018. i hope you'll find it useful. …" @ 
i ever get money imma be in so much shit 
hey ucf i’ll always love you but college should be way more affordable and accessible … 
no, i'm fine! i just... noticed late.;; it's difficult sometimes... 
u already the best chef i know bro … 
can't believe i fell for this 
i, too, do this … 
soooo i’m just ready to here omw … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dapple effect 
no! what i’m saying simply is, there has to be better vetting of those that want to purchase weapons. 
- " i-- uh! many thanks for the help, once again. " 
i seriously can't decide for splatfest im just gonna see what sumi, ika, and maybe rainn choose (if they actually decide to play splat since its boring) for splatfest. i honestly think they'll choose fork because fortnite and im the only one who really plays splatoon anymore 
it's fine you did a really good job. i enjoyed the stream. you and @ tealful are a good team. oh and i like your style. you pretty cool. … 
i believe that trump thinks that america needs to eat less turkey. he thinks that all turkeys come from turkey. 
i'm using cercube for youtube by @ freemanrepo on my ios device to download youtube videos for free. 
i'm very concerned. 
i usually make it with vanilla and chocolate layers but then i saw white chocolate pudding 
( •̀ω•́)っ i'm #listening to シンデレラガール by king & 
meanwhile i am still cute 
streaming simpsons then either zenon: the zequel (2001), i am legend (2007), or split second (1992) here in 10 … 
i need this full song 
i might could do three bottles in a weekend. four would be pushing it. 
i hate you 
i’m putting my money on #markwahlberg, he’s going to kick some serious ass in #mile22. who do you think is the most badass? vote to receive a reminder for friday's @ mile22movie premiere. 
when sprites dance better than i do. … 
i can't pile on. i feel bad for the poor millionaire. 
i'm not taking a position on their decision to forfeit - but to suggest the decision is why they aren't in the playoffs is just stupid. 
all this ‘you my brother’ talk i can’t relate to nothin 
did i ever tell y’all harry and babies was my weakness?? 
this is even worse i have a headache … 
i used to rly hate my nose but i’m actually starting to love it bc it makes me, me. no one has a nose like me and i love it 
wait what i thought your bday was today 
when i grill a burger, my mouth waters. do vegans salivate cutting grass? 
lmao i can’t be on twitter in public 
i miss how simple life used to be when i was a kid 
equipping ast like i am but a balance machine 
nice! i'd heard decent things. good to know they were sound. 
i’m still picking 3 females to pay for at the door we got yall covered fr fr … 
i won a dollar at the pub once 
i saw this tweet too late. i watched it earlier lmao it was really cute. good acting for a netflix original … 
i’m done talking about what i’m tryna do, i’ll get to the next step and go from there 
"together, you and i, we can be like beauty and the beast. what do you say? would you be my beast?" 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 11 months, 28 days (since 22 aug 2011). and you? 
pushing myself too hard is just what i do. it's who i am. 
i hope that u never switch up 
having finished altered carbon like i get ur lone anti hero trope but i don't get why anthony mackie sleeved tak can't just date riker and ortega in s2 
yes!!! i'm drinking this zip it !!! 
hummingbird moth aka bee hawk moth. i wish i could’ve got a pick with it’s tail fanned out. sounded just like a hummingbird buzzing around. … 
lmao, i’m sorry but you’re alone 
i am certainly too novice to have any true expertise, but in my experience they can all be pretty rough. jlr seems very slow right now, and jort seems troubled as well. i have had mixed experiences with leisure sciences, and jpra seems okay. 
the other thing is that even if there is another vote, both main parties are for brexit, so there’s no difference at all. then if i wait too long, i could regret not moving sooner as i had that knowledge of facts.... it’s a brexit or brexit choice. 
«when you try to come for me i keep on flourishing» «so baby, take my hands, save your soul» 
i'm just the pussy with no gf that'll never get one 
i liked a @ youtube video tulare county 
before seeing the car, i thought it was me … 
omg i didn't seen that coming.. 
ahhhh man i hate bedtime 
this why i didn’t come back to statesboro this summer … 
i enjoyed my trip to missouri back in november. got to check out stl, como & kc. the arch is no longer the gateway to the west, it's the gateway to the sec. 
this shit so funny cuz i done did this shit on a couple occasions … 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 5 months, 27 days (since 22 feb 2013). and you? 
no matter what enterprise location i work at we are always understaffed!!! 
new life nazarene’s altars move from the old church to the new. doing some inner rejoicing with them while i watch :) … 
i don't know why i'm still up it's 1am 
it's a good cause, and i hope she does well, and that her husband doesn't undermine the effort. but i'm not holding my breath. 
lie all day, then when i lie back it’s a problem. wow the nerve of niggas 
wtf . i'm thinking of a word.... oh yeah, assault 
yay, i can finally play it! 
can y’all please say a prayer for me tonight i’m interviewing for a second job tomorrow and i’ll take all the prayer i can get bc i neeeeeed this job. i can’t take this debt anymore 
i wonder if that tan looks ugly in person 
not only is it amazing that @ simone_biles has gotten even better with age (uncommon when you’re 20+ in gymnastics) but you can tell she’s just so confident in herself despite abuse and never-ending criticism. i admire her more than words can say. … 
guys i had 2 bites left but only 1 dog... 
happy birthday to this amazing woman!!! @ emcounts i adore you to pieces! i hope your day is as amazing as you are!! 
this the most i ever tweeted in one day 
i just lost motivation for legit everything.. 
it is such a dealbreaker and also i’m like how do you people think this is okay 
@ hirezajax @ titanisiah hey i’m on xbox and when i load into a game it isn’t showing my kills, assists, and wins when i load in with a god with the mastery skins?! what’s going on is this a bug? it better not be done on purpose! 
that's actually really awesome to hear! calgary's kind of overlooked in some ways, more people are interested in vancouver and toronto. calgary's definitely a great place to watch a game, awesome atmosphere. i hope you can fulfill your dream some day :) 
drew these 2 bois once again also, the cat guy has a temporary name it's mason for now but idk if i should stick with it or not 
lmfaoooo bruh i stg it ain’t worst than francis marion one … 
i literally am soooooooo excited!!!!!! 
i will block you 
i'm worried for that child's well being...... 
nah yall killing me with the “i stan twitter” songs 
i'm at rua k in salvador w/ @ bleifordl @ admilsonperei20 @ alinekimberley @ andreassis19 @claudin29657130 @ luuamaral13 @ andreza41163753 @ 
yall ever play that game called “my gas lights on lets see if i can make it to work without it running out”? 
i still see people giving instructions almost everyday on twitter or facebook to smother ticks with oil or use other equally dangerous techniques for removal. this is a desperately important lesson here. please watch. … 
seriously, though. i don't understand why paizo's inclusion of this is so grating to some people. it just states that the game is for everyone, not that your specific group is not allowed to be what it is. 
i know god got a blessing with my name on it. 
i'm always the last to know what i'm currently doing 
there from work lol i keep accidentally hurting myself with the ladders and boxes, it’s nothing too serious 
i doubt it y’all 
plus i'm childish immature and love a good wabbit season duck season skit, or a 3d through a table. 
courtney barnett and dnp r in the same place rn i am fed 
it’s a good source of anecdotes; i worked at tower records for almost four years. i’ll think of more. the one that comes to mind immediately requires actual vocal and physical performance though, that may be outside the bounds of me on twitter. i’ll tag you if i post more. 
i understand that it's not major for the news but to some it's serious,or to most, just annoying. everyone has a different opinion and you happen not to care ( that's fine ) but people are getting annoyed on how light she it, this is the one picture i agree with them on 1/2 
i just don’t wanna fight with anybody. i want happiness and peace of mind. 
boy, am i glad i glimpsed this from inside. perfect moment. 
np: sana by i belong to the zoo 
on trd when i get all the cards will i be in heroic mode? 
it's crazy how in shape i feel when i run past people that are walking. like ha why would you move so slow peasants. 
=w=b i'm regretting it for you 
i hope not! 
luckily i’m inside and not in a place that’s likely to be an issue but this still seems so wild for late august in utah 
and if you don't know what i'm talking about, well....here's a beautiful version of the poem as a song. see if you can guess why it's so twisted. (other than being written by mr. poe). 
lauren tomorrow is my birthday and i dream so much in waking up with the follow her would be my best birthday present plus i think you hate me then you will not follow me 
goodnight i love 24k so freakin much 
if you drop da blunt i’m sorry to tell you dis my guy but positive thoughts only 
nooo this is dead me. i really be ponderin why i’m breaking out and the foods i eat is the last thing i wanna blame but i know it’s the problem i be like it’s genetics lmaoo 
i'm at martin o'gradys irish pub in madison, wi 
i know it’s ridiculous! hope ksi beats the shit out of him 
okay i’m ready to settle down now 
i need a shrink, i get bored easily in relationships. 
once you do me wrong, i never look at you the same way again....... 
i swear ww2 is the worst cod 
true and i need it right now 
i have absolutely no idea what she's saying but i felt that. … 
i can do all this through him who gives me strength. -philippians 4:13 
@ missravenhart - just checking in! . all ur classy sensual work i see on here - it’s always freakiness but so grown mature and tasteful! ur a real woman! always have - always will be! miss seeing ur smile and engaging in our conversations. hope to again soon friend. #bestwishes 
i liked a @ youtube video #69challenge......i'm fast asf bro 
i freaking love and miss my friends man today was nice 
thank you, i appreciate it 
i promise i won’t fold 
that is what i am getting from you two. 
"everyone who exalts themselves will be humbled, everyone who humbles themselves will be exalted." - jesus "humble yourselves beneath god's mighty hand that he might lift you up in due time." - st. peter this i have done and will do again. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist $uicideboy$ x pouya - runnin' thru the 7th with my woadies 
i can never forget when the lady said the people are deading 
|. i just don't understand why i have to be an outcast in the community. 
when people say i use sarcasm to run away from my problems..... 
i'm visiting my grandma and the old ladies made us turn on wheel of fortune. so, very on brand. 
i can't stop watching this … 
i used to take hydroxycut when i worked out consistently 2 years ago but it’s too much of a gamble with the jitters and shit. 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 7 months, 14 days (since 9 jan 2014). and you? 
yeah, i don’t think your wall is going to stop drugs and gangbangers coming in through tunnels. tunnels are underground...js on the bright side you sure stop those killer toddlers! … 
it’s been three weeks since i started investing in and trading stocks. i went in with zero experience or knowledge. i’ve increased my net worth by 12% 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist lil peep - save that shit (official video) 
since everyone’s talking about anne hathaway, i’m here to remind you all how perfect she was in the dark knight rises 
i took the photo … 
if you guys loved the twitter thread from @ hfinch61 about the brennan interview, i made it into a video with the video clips running along side :) thank you for your work @ hfinch61 
he'd huff, rolling his eyes and wiggle his plump cheeks against the hot and thick rod, slight smirk on his face once again, shuddering softly as it's shaft dragged ever so slightly against his hole. "yeah, yeah...i suppose you're not wrong~..." 
i’m just walkin without feelin 
unfortunately that's just the prelude to when he fingerbangs her. just two midwest kids, i guess. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 6 months, 21 days (since 3 feb 2013). and you? 
so far i’m diggin #russellsreserve @ 
i had to mute a "conversation" with one reply because twitter thinks i'm interested in the "likes" that reply received. kindly fuck off, twitter. 
i’m feeling nauseous watching him though. 
thanks to toffees instagram acc i get to see people who uselessly block me from seeing their stories how has this already happened like 3 times i need answers 
maybe someday, i'll be cool enough to open for ron weasley. #detroit #edsheeranconcert #fordfield #eightarmedkiller @ford field … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist grace - you don't own me (clean edit solo version / no rap / extended) 
he closes he’s eyes and wraps his arms around her waist “will you be here when i wake up?” 
why? i applaud a self made billionaire who created something so valued by society. also people have a choice to find altern work if they are unhappy at amazon...otherwise amazon wouldn't continue to be successful. also bernie is a broken record, literally the same msg over & over 
i don’t miss texas but i sure as hell miss those texas prices...booooyyyyy 
i liked a @ youtube video tus mentiras se terminaron aca. 
i challenge exo to make a damn comeback in the next month 
i would love to hear “idol” by @ bts_twt (feat. @ nickiminaj) on @ mostrequestlive please!! #idol 
let it be known i love hanging around with my dad. he’s so silly and is such a wacko. we’re identical 
all i want right now is happiness 
i have two job interviews tomorrow and i'm battling between "what do i wear, none of my usual interview clothes seem right" anxiety and "not that it matters, they won't hire me anyway" existential dread ....ideally i will have a better attitude tomorrow but this is just venting 
i can’t wait to have someone who wants to kayak, hammock, hike, have bonfires, and stay in on weekends to cuddle and watch movies. being single is great and all but there’s no better feeling than waking up next to someone you love every day. i got my pup for now though 
i ain’t even close to bein ready for school 
in a month and a half i’ve started my career and bought a brand new truck , life’s goooooooood 
i’m trying to get some bottles tonight and play uno 
what account do i keep need serious help? @ devilarmy_ @ gfxcoach @ sgrtwts @ graphicsguild 1st = renegade raider + merry marauder + nog ops + raiders revenge and 60+ skins 2nd = skull trooper + crackshot + 40 skins and reaper axe 
yeah, i rather see them in corsets, tights, and high heels. 
all this vacation talk... i need to renew my passport 
i asked my son what this was and he said "a cd player?" … 
*watches her disappear.* hmm i wish knew where she lived. 
i just don't want nothing thats goin to have grease on my shirt and be on the toiletbut i'm down to try something new 
yoooo why is it so hard to have a friend that’s a girl like can we just be drama free & chill cause like if it’s gonna be stressful i’m out 
in my case, none. i play a turn based strategy game. but your question is a valid one, and applies to the vast majority of gamers. just thought i’d point out a minority opinion. #amf … 
it's #mytwitteranniversary! i have been on twitter for 9 years (since 27 aug 2009). and you? 
i'm at the patra bali resort & villas in badung, bali 
not to be aggressive but rhys better be ready to be friends cuz like if adrian’s hanging out with him then i am too by default 
i wouldn't vote for this idiot 
well, i hope so, because he's been fired! 
so i was gonna meet up with wenis last night in vegas, and then... … 
i honestly thoughr u were older :o 
ate well today and still have over 1000 calories i could eat. so i ate a #sascupcake , chocolate. i think i need an insulin shot. i am about to go into a coma... 
is anyone else experiencing problems with the vehicles. i buy i car or become a bus driver and i can't drive the car or the bus. i sell and buy the car again and now i can drive. it's a waste of money. please fix this. 
i have been on twitter for 9 years and 3 months (since 28 may 2009). and you? 
at that point i was working 3 jobs and going to school full time. i spent a lot of time driving/eating/studying/napping in my car! 
i hate going shopping because i know i need something and i don’t find what i need but i end up with other things i really don’t need the struggle 
#againstbetterjudgment i’m face timing @ s8n on this #ouija board 
“how quickly things can change but with no day promises to us i rather embrace things as they come and enjoy it” 
a cyoot new character i made #art #doodle 
can i help? 
did anyone else catch that tornado warning? i’m watching @ etnow canada on @ globaltv and i’m legitimately worried for people up in the barrie/orillia area. #toronto 
abby will buy them, i'll send them 
i’m there for all my followers brother(gust an expression for a friend) and i’m there for you 
making small talk w this girl and i asked “so where on camps is your dorm?” wtf?!?! might as well have asked where she lived who her parents are and if she likes ppl climbing in through her window smh 
didn’t think i had a type but nahhh, this is definitely it 
me every time i walk into physics … 
today i've been with rosa two months, it makes me doki doki 
if washington is only held to four turnovers again, then damn. i expect we'll see a better start from atlanta next game. defense was uncharacteristically sloppy in the first half. no need to reinvent the wheel, just execute better. 
really excited to see papers about negative partisanship on the apsa program. unfortunately, i don't think i can make any of the panels! please send me your papers -- i want to read them! 
i’m sure. they don’t get it... 
...he has been incredible to me and never had to be - he is simply a wonderful man. i am grateful for our friendship, and know that even though amazing things have already happened - there are many more to come! thank you @ jon_anik! 
cometh! i'm going to stream real frickin soon #pixelbass #dbfz 
i want him in my team … 
i need this. … 
why didn’t i take chemistry in high school why didn’t i take chemistry in high school why didn’t i take chemistry in high school why didn’t i take chemistry in high school why didn’t i take chemistry in high school why didn’t i take chemistry in high school 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 5 months, 3 days (since 26 mar 2013). and you? 
i was in the shower and i needed to hurry up so i could rinse my hair 
whenever someone tells me they are at a yankee game i regret being here 
i really just sent a whole ass email to my american lit prof about something i remembered that ties into our lectures in case i forgot it by thursday :) how much of a nerd can i be :) 
@downeydancy i love u 
i love this. … 
so am i now! 
according to cardinal cupich the important things are the environment and refugees. i am puzzled why he always refuses to address those who question him. 
i genuinely have trouble trying to remember stuff i really wanted to do but all of a sudden forgot 
i like silicone breasts too :-d 
oh my fucking gosh i am so fucking jealous ... @ alltimelow help me get out to la to see you @emo nite day @ alexalltimelow @ 
i wouldn’t take graham over kelce but the unknown with mahomes is a fair point. 
i have many facts i just muted all of your insanity! i didn’t get the alerts....lol! wait...you guys might be bots so never mind - you’ve never had a sense of reality! 
i need this code to bring to fighting tournaments at @ winthropu … 
ahh my noisy downstairs neighbors are having a party again. i guess i'll read fics instead of sleeping ahaha 
after working a few 80 hour weeks, i actually got out of work before 6 pm and have spent the extra time in a depressive episode, crying. moral of this story is to always work overtime because it suppresses your emotions and keeps you on track to file your taxes at six figures. 
i second the motion, @ microsoft @ … 
that's true. i don't have any view on his guilt or not - i've not seen any evidence beyond the leaks - but i'm concerned when it feels like a lot of ppl have made up their minds before evidence is presented. 
how so? i’m genuinely interested to know and i’m sure you must have a substantive reply since what i stated was, to you, wrong on “so many levels”. 
i feel like the shorter the email, the more shit is getting done 
this is breaking my heart! so much love for you @ maxjoseph and what you’ve brought to 7 seasons of @ catfishmtv you’re friendship & chemistry with @ nevschulman is just beautiful, creative and funny! i’ll miss you so much! i wish you all the best! x #catfish … 
:s if i ain’t the greatest , then i’m headed for it 
i'm never fancying anyone ever again 
everything about @ lushcosmetics is so magical. you would think they sponsor me with the way i promote them. every single product is way above standard and i’m seriously obsessed 
term limits and severely curtailing corporate donations i think would be a good start. 
wow, nevermind, now i know what i'm dealing with. all of these have been debunked, but i know there is no hope for this debate. 
i liked a @ youtube video defining moments...in the life of a dog trainer 
as long as i have eyes, i will watch your stuff. 
well, tried being on ark but even with lowest graphic settings (and my graphics card up to date) the game lags so badly that movement jerks. nearly died to a dino due to lag (jetpack saved me). so... guess i’ll build on conan until i can figure out why there’s lag x.x 
i would not dare fuck wit them @ gstarupnext … 
i feel bad about it. 
broooo my uber really oht of town so now i gotta ask one of my coworkers if i use their car for my behind the wheel.. i hate asking for shit omfg 
i’m down with that. … 
i liked a @ youtube video welcome to hell! green hell story part 1 
i can’t believe i gained like 100+ followers because of a tweet abt todoroki’s pee, thanks king 
having said this tho: yesterday at lunch i sat next a table full of cute med students and unfortunately i'm extremely open to that 
@ mynameischapel is honestly the best. he looks out for everyone and just wants the best for people. i love him a lot and i’m so thankful for him. 
次の @ youtube 動画を高く評価しました: can, could, mayの使い分け！can i have? もしくは 
i am so not ready for september 19 
edit: i need anchors and pizza* 
i love it! start practicing your 80's hits @ bretterlich 
who's this "we" boo? i just want equal pay, equal rights, and control over my own body. 
i feel you. i grew up in chicago. stepping over dead bodies on the way to school.the bill should've included remedies, however. 
g-eazy x ty dolla $ ign collab oh fuck yeah halsey's there, i bet lauren is filming... i love these 4, they're like my 2 favorite couples! would love to hear them all on a song! … 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 3 months, 11 days (since 21 may 2014). and you? 
i’m just gonna play as myself so i can run around as a thot 
got another pencil for a different softness of lead and i’m bumped. you can tell which is new because the other one is deadass black with dirt on the handle 
brother i’m praying for you! you have made it through and i’m proud of you. i’m ready to listen! much love. 
his mom always tries to feed me frijoles as a joke cause she knows i don’t like them lmaooo 
progress is good brother, keep up the motivation. 16 days ago i was 212, put down my beer and went full carnivory diet. loving every minute of it! today i weighed in at 191, and feeling great. (havent started exercising yet). i cheat only with my morning coffee. 
same i love iced coffee, i love coffee in general but iced coffee is amazing 
another option would be to bring in pereyra for richarlison, but at the moment i'd rather hold the everton forward than ozil. this is in ofpl, by the way. 
thank godddd i’m okay i’m lowkey just mad that i filled up my tank yesterday and now my car a total loss 
#vidconauasksaftyler can you see me next i the isle 10th row back ?? i’ll wave when u read this also love you and your vids 
because he is the truth said he is so real and i love the way that he makes me feel and if i am a reflection of him then i must be fly because his light it shines so bright i wouldn’t lie 
i knew what you meant. i get the hamburger helper hands a lot, too...haha. but i disagree, i think you've seen the culture change so far in such a short amount of time. the toughness fact of this team today proved that to me. 
i’m not on your level, but i find myself feeling like that at times. i counter those thoughts by realizing that every day is an opportunity to learn and improve myself. 
made me hold her through dinner only for her to finally fall asleep after i finished. #jediprincess #leialenore #princessleia #thelastjedi … 
i’m constantly posting about the weather i’m so sorry 
i'm getting goosebumps just thinking of "ragtime cowboy joe." 
i mean what would the judge hear that wasn’t already in front of him or her? ‘do you really mean what you already swore to under penalty of perjury?’ “yep.” ‘oh ok, well in that case i’ll approve this’ 
i liked a @ youtube video bebe - 6ix9ine ft. anuel aa (prod. by ronny j) (official music video) 
who did i send my nudes to? 
hi, #mostrequestedlive i would love to request #idol by @ bts_twt feat @ nickiminaj please? #youcantstopmelovingmrl 
me: why can i hear this gif?? also me: stop denying bish... this is your favorite part in touch. … 
#exploration #adventure #friends i love going on adventures with family. yes, my family gets excited about certain trips especially when it’s planned towards them. to top it off, when… … 
i liked a @ youtube video are we getting what we're paying for?!? [switch game analysis] 
it’s only so much i’ll put up with 
i hope i don't mess this up but your talking about fred van vleet right? 
it ain't like these empty arena or underwater edits n stuff it's just a small part of the song with some effects to use it for an edit but i wanna know peoples thoughts n all … 
i’m the sun 
people on crime documentaries be like: "i had a normal childhood, you know; hanging out with friends, riding bikes, smoking meth." 
i titled this one “the dragon cometh” [thought it was incredible] 
most people are thinner than i am, so i got that going for........wait a minute!!!!! 
find the infinity gauntlet. i've had enough. 
i don’t take on one seriously until they prove themselves. 
i am fed up with rinos also 
#meekmill ft #chrisbrown #tydollasign #whateveryouwant waiting on this bbq i should go bug my babies i don’t like the distance we got now … 
like are tweets like this not unconsciously designed to support #remain? we are doing great exactly because we are in the eu. so why would we #brexit? i’m genuinely open to suggestions x also open to … 
i don't care if it's cringy it's about the message 
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 388 #paradiseisland2 
sadly i won’t be able to make it to madfest due to funds and taking leave off work, i’m devastated 
i'm at @ tacobell in dallas, 
i mean c'mon.... let's get some answers here! 
me: “sorry we don’t serve lunch until 11am”... customer: “okayy sooo can i get a 10 piece with a large fry” innerself: “can you feel that” .....”huh cannn youu”..... “i’m choking you”..reality: “i’m sorry!! we don’t serve lunch until 11am” 
holy... i didnt even know you’d seen that what is this crossover 
if i die young, bury me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses, sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 8 months, 13 days (since 20 dec 2012). and you? 
oooo he's a dead sob i swear 
i just started crying at oktoberfest seeing an older man playing the accordion because i miss my grandparents 
i don't know. 
i been trying a lot harder at cooking and now some of my stuff is even edible :) :) :) 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 27 days (since 7 aug 2013). and you? 
i am waiting for the defense to be "you knew he was a crook when you elected him so live with it." 
amazing trip to chile for @ conceptosuc. so inspired by the work of everyone i met there. such passion about providing better access to and better standards of care for their fellow chileans. reminds me how lucky we are here in canada and how we must work to protect what we have! 
i dont know who is the worst actress mimi faust or lyrica 
@ bostonglobe i'm a loyal subscriber to your home delivery and online edition, so why am i bombarded with super spammy pop-up ads on your site when i'm trying to read the sports page?? 
i actually planned on cancelling red thread au before and im glad i didnt! 
i’m both, it all depends to who is around and watching … 
yeah, a ton of people agree with you. the idea that this campaign is bringing enough new business to offset the losses here is wrong, i think. curious if everyone will sustain the boycott though. 
i can’t wait for candids of ariana this week 
idk why. i had it opened when we went to little tokyo. 
agreed, i know many people like myself (;)) who have never given up. h1 all the way. 
i guess nike can stand a 20% loss. i sure as hell won’t be buying my grandkids anything with a swoosh on it for christmas. 
@ msnbc saw a tweet from katie hill, president obama's communication director. "reject the rising strain of authoritarian politics and policies" i am confused, shredding our constitution, orchestrating a coup to get hrc elected president is he the rising strain? 
or maybe i do both? 
wahhh thank u rin!!! i give u the biggest virgo high five as it is our season 2 be merry 
i should start keeping some beer to help as sleeping pills 
@ cupojoeblow hey drhk, look at my first 2 tweets now. you'll love it. we could try it ?? i'll give you a ph.d, then you give me a . 
i think she is curious about technology and trying to figure it out on her own 
i was goin' through tragedy bitch, i needed you drastically 
i don't have this kind of power. hahahahha not everyone can freely choose what they'd do to other ppl … 
i'm a scorpio, texan, cherokee. i don't even know what back down means. i'm gonna be like the old granny on smokey and the bandit sittin on my porch with a rifle on standby mother fuckin everyone that goes by that's how far ive been pushed 
i have been on twitter for 7 years, 1 month, 18 days (since 18 jul 2011). and you? 
i liked a @ youtube video nightcore - go go go - (lyrics) 
death it may have been him staying alive and staying with the woman but it’s open to interpretation i guess 
so i thank you thank you thank you and i love you love you love you 니가 보내준 사랑 때문에 내가 여기 서있어 이렇게 #2pmforever #2pm10thanniversary #10yearswith2pm #2pm 
ok i think the hospital is starting to eat sick of my lung failures. can you stop attacking me?! 
i'm not retweeting the "burning @ nike sneakers" thing because it can look like support for it. but i think burning sneakers look hot, colin kaepernick is a hero and i'll be buying nike forever. 
i know and they seem like regular resistance until something like this comes up, oh and @ ahamiltonspirit just posted 
i hear ya. i called my mom today and cursed up my most wretched storm ever about kavanaugh. this farce of a hearing is not only infuriating, but terrifying. we’ve been depending on a non corrupt judicial branch to check the other 2 branches that are thoroughly corrupted 
i wish i could do more for her. she is such a good person she doesn’t deserve to feel sad. 
at this point i’m like “what are they honestly going to do about it.” 
i liked a @ youtube video the western tradition #41: the industrial revolution 
i start college tomorrow, technically today cos its pat 12... and guess what i did tonight? you might say, 'you chilled and relaxed and prepared and rested'... but you'd be wrong, i went to a deadly gig and now all i can hear is ringing in my ears. 
i just need a better way to express my attraction because i don’t care if you don’t like me back you can’t make this bitch bleed but i do want your attention 
here’s the thing about real friends, you may not see them all the time, but they’ll always be there during your time of need and you don’t even have to question their loyalty cause you know you can trust them. i love you @ victoria_agape thank you for being my real friend 
i tried to make a tatt apt and since i’m only available on weekends... 10/9 is the closest one 
of course i did yon good toarres 
no what i think is crazy. when ya ex break up with you then gets another girl pregnant & you get back with them. like lmao not in their wildest dreams would i ever, some of y’all crazy 
@ skypesupport with the new record call feature, do all call participants need to be on the same version of skype? for example, i'm going to be on linux where the feature is available, but my friends will be on windows 10 where it's not. can i still record the call? 
i don’t know what styles i want 
i love the smell of your hair 
i have been on twitter for 4 years, 2 months, 15 days (since 22 jun 2014). and you? 
i struggled leaving zenon and smart house off the list, but it said movies you would recommend to get to know you better. sooooo.. 
oh my! i do wonder how this happened... 7 clown mainframe computers are shut down. communications satellite also offline. … 
i would like to steal one naruto, please 
you sound rather sad george. i hope everything is alright?? but perhaps your joking around with us? i know how you like to kid around. 
yes, mueller’s report will define how you committed treason. i know it’s business as usual for you but working with the russians to get elected is a crime to those of us who believe in the rule of law. #impeach45 
i'm sorry that our stream and podcast schedule has gotten a little strange lately. i got a new job. there's hot summer nonsense. we've had out of town guests. all of my tooth stuff & it's not done yet either. my mental health has not been great. just blah! 
i liked a @ youtube video the black arts movement 
yh i don't know anyone that woyld be on it. maybe over the weekend, it comes out tomorrow 
@ jackiesepticeye "i dont like yellow starburst" 
decided that i’m keep my 500 million ps4, and when i have spare cash. hunt down a 20th anniversary ps4. 
the same youtube that allowed the paul brothers and their antics. i closely monitor what my kids are looking at on youtube 
i pull that same face every day, too. i teach 8th grade. 
she's very good. she comes from a family of good competitors, and knowing who she is always compared to, i'd have a chip on my shoulder too. there's the good then there's the bad that comes with it 
they had bases loaded no outs... got nothing... i’m going to sleep 
how is it even possible there’s an artist who’s “multi-platinum” and playing songs on national tv before the nfl season starts and i’ve never heard of the guy? 
i love this … 
why am i constantly making a fool of myself 
i racked up 30 points! how long can you survive on the gridiron? - via @ bleacherreport 
i respect opinions but never degrading comments 
i am so excited to have all the disposed from my life!! i’m ready to go out & be the bad bitch that i am!! someone gimme their number so i can not text them back 
i think its about time for me to get a dog 
if you find my reasoning cogent, perhaps you would like to question him on it at the plp meeting? the apple can rot from the core. since 1978, i have never not voted labour: but i will not again until he goes. sláinte. end. 
they sounchecked run i need u and anapanmab 
son ,,, i was at work but next time i see you i will grill you a cheese 
i'm live streaming on @ youtube. come 
i saw some shit today that made me want to @her and politely ask her if i could be her stylist.... because i'm not here for these early 2000 bangle bracelets and unnecessary accessories like who's responsible? i have a few words. 
i remember you asked me for th download link to it.. 
im really about to move back to ventura and have my same job with better pay and my mom is selling me her beamer. how lucky am i 
transphobes are fuckin annoying. i hope yall get poison ivy in yo ass crack and then your hands get glued to a wasp nest. fuck you. 
lmao they deadass have a buy one get one free joint on their twitter. idgaf i’m gettin it 
tears in my eyes listening to this. he helped me get through some things i thought i never could and he couldn’t get through them himself. shits heartbreaking. … 
i honestly just don’t like being around people sometimes 
regular lobe piercing hurt more then all the piercings i have 
today orange man said again "i liked him every much he was a good guy"....then orange man said i only saw a picture of him, i really didn't know him...just like everyone he throws under the buss... 
i see her in some years. hannah montana to miley she might be the meghan trainor of our time but not a bey 
:) i welcome whatever insight and information he offers to purge the church, but i understand how you feel. i reject his benedict option on the same grounds. he ditched the church already, which nullifies his argument. 
i remember him being treated pretty good 
i love you @ annemarie i just wish you knew who i was and had the opportunity to meet you 
i liked a @ youtube video ariana grande is blamed for mac miller death by mac's fans 
i have been on twitter for 5 years, 7 months, 23 days (since 14 jan 2013). and you? 
i grew up in philadelphia as a maurice cheeks fan, but his act of kindness in 2003, while coaching @ trailblazers, was better than any assist as a @ sixers point guard. all these years later, the video still makes me … 
man i swear i’m down lol 
i’m only going home in november 
well truth be told i was reading them through the darkest days of my life...kept hoping 
brooke and i are gonna be together for 2 weeks during christmas break beatingmy meat 
how do i retrieve an old twitter account that has been deleted? i thought if i remembered the login and password it would reactivate. 
@ usta you blew it at the open, jimmy connors used to say the f word and not lose even a point, serena got screwed and your umpire took her chance away, i hope he gets ban 
on saturdays i mostly surf between channels in search of a game with inclement conditions played on real grass. found one. 
i will! i promise! 
we don't need a definition of the idiom of calling off dogs. i don't need your pathetic mansplaining of how someone who described the grassroots labour movement as dogs didn't mean dogs, he meant we are snarling masses on corbyn's leash which corbyn has control over. we are not. … 
god is w/ me, i can’t lose. 
if i tell you how i feel can i fuck?? gotta see if the pussy good before i cuff 
very insightful website i came across today. looking forward to see more articles about issues and research topics on minority oppression and ongoing #uyghur cultural genocide. thank you @ dtbyler … via @ centralasiaprog 
she calls it her ‘scarlet’ poncho, i’m sure. 
i just downloaded these poster graphic assets from @ baugasm check it out: 
am i hemsworth in this situation? lol 
@ serenawilliams well for years i’ve tried to give @ serenawilliams benefit of the doubt turns out i’ve been right all along @ serena you’re a #bully this will be a match that you’ll be proud to share with your daughter #teamosaka 
lmao this shit funnier everytime i watch it 
i mean, i want to believe but isaac's from a dead franchise and elma isn't really relevant right now so... 
i think they are suggesting that competent implies "enough" but its hardly objectionable. also if someone's going to use a "wtf" and "smh" (without using "." ) then maybe don't play twitter syntax police 
i really like the name eve!! i think it’s really pretty but i also am really happy w the name i have now 
i believe mental illness deserves to be treated like any other illness. do you? #mentalhealthishealth 
i liked a @ youtube video 5 players they finally fixed in nba 2k19 
i had to catch up on m&c mornings. m&c mornings ep 84: spider-man launches on ps4 but is it "great", battle... via @ youtube 
how many parents of the still-500 separated children would that money find, i wonder... … 
memories is the best shawn mendes song ever written, fight me (actually don’t i’m fragile) 
... alright.... that was a lovely surprise at 4 am... ........ i just... can't.... i'm so conflicted rn 
you're very welcome! there are some incredible bloggers i have connected with on here! 
get her off my mind when i'm wasted 
i doubt savannah will get more than bad tstorms at this rate, but you may as well start reading up now because we're in peak hurricane season. prepare for 5 days on your own, not 3. 
wait what happened while i wrote that hoseok mini??? 
i appreciate that, but unfortunately i am old enough to remember. i was a huge mcenroe fan, hated connors. i'm a big serena fan too. there's no double standard here though. mcenroe was crushed in the media for his ranting and got plenty of bad calls and penalties. 
i saw this and thought it was cute!!! paparazzi for fur babies!! wrap bracelets!!! … 
i truly am the ugliest that’s crazy 
i will. thank you so much! 
@ nanayere1 i can't stop laughing 
kinda chilly outside. i don’t wanna jump the gun here but merry christmas everyone we made it 
josh's new chick is not at all what i expected. she's cool, don't get me wrong, just surprising. 
me either! i’m still laughing about it because he liked it just fine for over two years! 
while watching #yugioh on netflix, @ leiascyr and i keep noticing soooooo many plot holes 
i want some of the crack bh are on today can they please give me some 
thanks to y'all i am now only 83,000 followers away from 100k please help me in this final push i appreciate it 
i did ! terrific, thanks !!! 
my condolences to you and yours! i hope you get through this tough time soon. blessings to you! 
i need to lose like 5 lbs before i do this photo shoot 
i liked a @ youtube video when you trashtalk zero 
i liked a @ youtube video green day - wake me up when september ends [official music video] 
@ rainbow6game i haven’t played a game today where i didn’t get teamkilled, i’m not having fun, plus joining games late and getting kicked for literally no reason. i feel like you should get 100 renown everytime u get teamkilled, or even 50 renown 
that’s all i was saying fr fr lol...was quick to make sure i knew what was up 
me when i think your inbox is chillen >:) 
bryson love fighting his sleep when i want to take a nap 
i'm judging you for still watching insecure 
fitbit told me today that i’ve walked over 8,046 km since may 2017 ... not all on the commute though ... 
i hate that i will miss you next week at a&t. i know you will bring he house down!!! 
ofc when i don't go on twitter subaru's twitter is just causing trouble 
have you ever known anyone who frequently called shows "gigs"? i feel like that's a thing that only happens in the movies. 
i love u and i know you are genuine in all aspects and i’ll fight everyone to preserve your honor 
100% accurate. that’s exactly what it is. i need to do it more often. 
i liked a @ youtube video demon house so haunted no one can enter ( demon attack caught on camera ) 
hey can you explain to me why you hate lindsay? i get there’s the whole nyberg thing and that sounds pretty shitty, but is there more reasons? (i’m not trying to roast you i’m genuinely curious) 
im currently getting obsessed over wynonna earp but i can't help it bc it's so good 
i’m boutta drop some crazy shit nobody ever done lmao. and idec 
top 6 reasons why i switched—lularoe to agnes and dora: via @ youtube 
i can google something & get a million answers in 5 seconds. yet we still don’t have answers about what really happened. #bothamjean 
i liked a @ youtube video imagine dragons - radioactive (synchronice remix) [exclusive] 
i thoroughly enjoyed it but won’t get too ahead of myself. 
i just entered for a chance to win his captive mountain virgin by madison faye in the pick your bestseller giveaway! … 
@ cosoricooks sent me 1 of their pressure cookers to try out. my 1st meal-i chose this yummy tandoori chicken recipe by @ pinchofyum. i’ve never used a pressure cooker but this baby was ready in 25 min! i know i’m late to the pressure cooking party but i kinda love it! 
emily texted me and just said "wanna get coldstone with me?" ... i think i'm in love. 
hey - i'm a size 8 fitted hat 
@ harry_styles i command you to show up 
i’d like to think support to and from the troops is above politics. they don’t choose the fight, politicians do. 
arrggghhh i wish i were there! 
just turned on the game, where is chris sale? i see eovaldi pitching. this is a confusing process. 
dhdjkshdksjht thank you i've just never taken a dance class until this semester but i like to think i'm pretty graceful ;-; 
i’d start with tos. it’s the one that’s truest to roddenberry’s vision, which was about modeling a society without war, poverty and racism. also, although it can feel dated and corny, the storytelling is remarkably economical and seems weightless compared to the others. 
you’re the coffee that i need in the morning, you’re the sunshine in the rain when it’s pouring 
i thought dana loesch shot herself … 
that is definitely part of the puzzle from my perspective? because let's be honest there is a lot of shitty fanfic and shitty m/m out there! but the way i got through that problem to build my core reading list was through hand-to-hand recs. + 
i called it, they just tweeted for attention. … 
this is what i’m working for , and i’m going to get it … 
remind me how i act hard on the gram pls ? 
i’m going to every day! at least until i get a response. being a business teacher who teaches entertainment marketing this could be a great lesson! so i guess we will see! 
i’m a player yeah it’s true, but i change the game for you 
idiotrexus calls joshua his pincushion brother lol why so mean? jk lol. his story is sad...but, also inspiring. he is one of your best characters! i relate to how he feels and it touches my heart. amazing work! 
i ate a lot of cheese sticks when “if we were a movie” by hannah montana came out. so now every time i hear that song, i can taste mozzarella 
i feel this. 
finally getting my hair done , wish i didn’t have to pay for it though 
a necklace, what’s the place called so i can check it out :-) thank you 
if my future husband doesn’t call me moon of his life i don’t want him 
guys! listen to this “perfectly wrong” audio with headphones. i promise you will not regret, i’m amazed 
i know but my aunt looks like shit and she's 37 … 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: lularoe blue orange carly dress medium. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
@ patchbae hi, i'm a journalist working for noisey on djsforpalestine, could it be possible to ask you some quick questions by pm or email please? 
i got a solo victory on fortnite hype your mans up 
hate that i could never measure up. 
i’m a piece of … 
his nose thankyuoso mcuh god i’m gonna kiss you thanks 
there is plenty of research on this. i've read hundreds of articles. 
i want it all, sight unseen. 
as much as i wish this storm to pass through coz i want some people to suffer but my compassion for others who are good, id like this storm to be far away from people 2 cruel individual against millions to sacrifice not worth it #ompongph 
i’m flying into taipei, which is missing a supertyphoon by a few hundred miles, this weekend, and i’m psyched for the weather. this is accurate, is what i’m saying. 
y'all believe the bruise i managed to give myself while i was drunk on saturday it's the size of a large apple and i am actually a danger unto myself 
i lived at the lafayette last year and i’m happy to say that i don’t anymore. rent was too steep to deal with tidal flooding twice a month. … 
i was hesitant about this brush because i am a beauty blender fanatic all the way. however i have no … 
now i know that i /can/ do it!!!!! 
help me? — its like the walls are caving in sometimes i feel like giving up but i just can’t it isn’t in my... … 
i’m smart, right? 
i’m booked all weekend tonight my only eligible night to go out i’m finna act tf up after my lil date of course . 
not here. i really don’t talk to anybody here 
i love coming to your page you guys make heads explode !!! i love watching it !!! 
jesus will save us. we just have to ask. #jesussaves i pray often. included in my prayers are for god to also save #connecticut & the usa. i think we need more people praying. "living on a praaaaaaaaayeer!" … 
i heard everyone knows at least 5 dave / davids 
i was fortunate enough to have an amazing 50 something boss in my early 20’s who taught me the value of older friends and mentors. she knew what it meant to truly pay your dues, and tried to makes things easier for those who came after. 
such a shame those 2 never got to raise a champ flag. i thought when we got jose for his 2nd go round paired with the coming together of the fab 5 sp’s that we were setup so nicely to win 2 outa 3 maybe 3 outa 5 especially with all 5 of fab 5 locked in contractually for awhile 
fixing printer just put bee movie got approved. i’m 
eminem shouted out the lox in the smoothest way possible i love it. 
2013 was when i discoverd attack on titan then i read the manga all up tell the uprising arc cause i didn't want to get spoil 
what we got is ok but i wanna build wit you and make sum you won’t forget 
i've become someone that drives around listening to classical music. help? 
i have to step up my game, no one blocks me 
i’m so ready for this iphone xsmax 
i hope that those who are affected of bagyong ompong will all be safe. may god save us all. 
hey rachel- i have many qs when i clicked on your profile... 5% are about adobe analytics and 95% are about barack obama following you 
holy fuck my mentions today. not that i care but i gotta get caught up. i've been in isp hell all day. 
looks fantastic. one thing i have to tick off my list 
when daddy cooks for everyone mommy’s croatian native food ... after months of pressure and hard work ... tonight i’m going to eat ... ... with my 3 boys .... unplug form work… … 
baby i'm in love with you. 
btw how's the whole situation in that area going, haven't followed in a bit. last i saw was an update from david hays many moons ago. 
if jesus is coming back, why is he taking so long? i see christian's as kids from divorced families sitting on porches every weekend waiting for a dad to come pick them up that never comes. as a christian i felt abandoned by christ. an absentee father that continually lets down. 
there’s nothing left to say, so i shut my mouth. so, would you tell me, babe? are you happy now? 
‘roxi don’t encourage them what if bts finds it offensive’ bitch did i make them go to texas? no! they brought this on themselves! 
hopefully that dude can get back on his feet i like cowboys, packers, pats as possibilities 
jeon jeongguk is so talented he can draw a perfect circle and i cant even draw a horse 
ugh i want to go to sleep but i just know for a fact that grayson is going to tweet soon and i really fucking miss that guy 
watch me go to disneyland next week & no one "famous" i like goes smh lol 
you know it lmao i hit em w make this order fresh 
i have josh gordon in 59 leagues. damn. 
i'm sure most browns fans ask that every single day, and yet nothing changes. 
i'm innocent 
i’m so obsessing over louis being an x factor judge like that’s the show he started from and also !!!! he’s so good at it the feedback he provides is so helpful he’s definitely a great judge 
the only #knicks fans spouting that jimmy butler nonsense are mets and jets fans also. i know loser shit when i see it. no thank you l, jimmy butler on the knicks is some old yoenis cespedes ass move if there ever was one. 
i see...good point. i don't believe it's immaterial whether true or false. i also don't believe letting this woman testify to the committee would delay the vote...let all the facts come out and be looked out...let her have her say. good evening :) 
zombies? but it's not even friday! @tempestadera and i are back on with chris and piers! come watch the silliness and wrestling moves. #twitch #streaming #twitchstreamer #gamer… … 
i never know what anime 'seasons' are so i can't answer this sort of thing but in general there hasn't been anything good since gurren lagann wrapped 
i’m not watching 
i than went and got some more stuff for ke'mairi hair 
it takes a village to eat a pizza, no slice left behind, did i read that somewhere, idk 
i don’t think everyone agrees with you just yet...but thanks. still have more to prove. 
alan sugar is a racist. pass it on. i’d normally say just ignore old racist dinosaurs like him but if the jewish chronicle want to advertise a racist then we should point out the racist sugar’s racism at every opportunity #alansugarisracist #sugarisracist 
i just need your address again jan... 
but daz de world we live in i guess 
i’m highly upset 
bri will get suspended not i <3 
i can see her responses in the dm group, and i could have sworn i’ve see her responses before. 
i was thinking the same thing 
i cannot stop crying. holy hell what is wrong with me 
i’m bout to get a drink or 6 
nope; i was fortunate to be online when he posted it. sounded like bullshit to me at first too until a few other celebs chimed in. daffy 
i need this love … 
i hate leather chairs 
it’s been a short detour into the mountains of new hampshire — but i’m so grateful for the glimpse of beauty. 
how about the 65 women who came out in favor of #kavanaugh i thought the left believes all women's voices should be heard? 
i better apply at dutch before i decide to spontaneously quit my job 
i been looking for 2 days now wtffff 
i look like i have everyone in this screenshot im laughing … 
lol but i love y’all 
tears come streaming down your face, when you lose something you cannot replace, oh and tears come streaming down your face and i will try to fix you.. 
i highly support your decisions 
i like those rules of engagement! 
ugh. these are the ugliest dresses i have ever seen. they are even worse than the ugliest ugly dresses from 1989. everyone looks like they are superhero villains dressed in reynolds wrap, with football shoulders, while using lasers for accessories. #emmys 
fuck you i’ll put hot sauce on a slice of pizza again for you 
yes i already wore this shirt, this my fav shirt.. 
one time in my life when someone asks me what i'm wearing i wanna be able to say *chanel* 
same except for today for the first time ever. ate a bowl of fruit and fibre for dinner then put on a clay mask so that i couldn’t eat anything else 
i liked a @ youtube video top 10 animes harem que no conocías 
i hate when people be breathing down my back when i’m in line like why are you so close! 
i liked a @ youtube video machine gun kelly exposed, ninja makes history, youtube changes, kavanaugh delayed, & 
@ cheetosantino on ig stories speak i’ the truth. 
if i was a haleigh fan i’d be rooting for tyler to win so that way haleigh gets afp! if tyler loses he’ll get afp for sure #bb20 just saying 
i miss my brother so much words can’t explain #ripweezy 
@moms who’s kids sleep on cots at daycare. does anyone use sheets? or one of those little nap mats to make it more comfy? k is used to a mattress at home and a crib at daycare so i feel like he’s going to hate this new cot thing. 
hey hey shgurr hello my name is kevin poitra i just got to say for you i feel in love you 
i have no idea what to tweet or how to even use twitter lol i just got this cos a load of people have it lmao 
i hated this so much it took fukcing years for it to stop fuck everything … 
i have really came a long ass way omfg 
i'll be gettin up to mischief behind the decks at my favorite spot in vancouver this saturday. @ dmvancouver showcase is hitting the @ redroomvancity crowd with another one. free tickets are… … 
he is i and i am him 
1am n i've purchased some hair crimpers, today is going well already 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist 2. liftoff (story version chapter 2) 
i'm slowly coming around to this. very slowly. i'm not there yet. … 
i love you neomu saranghae @ pledisnews 
hai everyone i’m back and predator was awesome! 
i’d be far more inclined to play denzel at the 3 and use jabari as a 6th man. 
i didn't even got a chance to open my mouth #58fabiola58out 
i hate public transportation 
come see me perform october 25th ! a little info about me that most of you don’t know growing up at about the age of 13 or so and throughout high school, i was a member of this amazing dance... … 
i only 2am 
portion of i-95 in the pee dee to close due to flood threat … 
i told my mama how tired i was & nothing but bullshit starting coming out her mouth.. i just walked off. 
congrats , i just found about this ... but girl enjoy ! show them so much love 
i liked a @ youtube video rob $ tone - chill bill ft. j.davis & spooks (dir. alex vibe) 
the only time i block people is if they have done anything to me or if they are annoying me 
i adore @ thebillallan, if you like dnd related thing and just awesome people in general go check him out. #dnd5e #dungeonsanddragons big inspiration and awesome web series. 
i think we'd benefit from having a latinx candidate there. i don't think we'd even have to even worry about the seat if we had a latinx candidate. it isn't just about candidate policy it is also about fitting the district. 
hahahaha sorry. ok lang yan. kinoconsole ko sarili ko by thinking i’ll have more time for freebies hahahahshjaa 
btw all this happened on the day i decided to wear my skillet jacket. you can thank me later … 
i'm not really a wolves fan, nor even an nba fan at all, for that matter, but this was my first impression, as well. sounds like plenty of blame to go around, but butler's being pretty dickish. … 
i miss that so much!!! 
you go girl i thought the impressionist cookies were a fabulous idea btw! @ thealgill #lindseypeterson 
riddle me this : why do lawyers charge $500/hr ? i’ll never understand. it’s criminal and is discriminatory towards low income earners. rant over. !!! 
i’m always surprised when ppl follow me because i make a quality tweet like one (1) time a month and the rest are just me blindly clicking send tweet and hoping it’s not complete garbage . 
// ah the feeling of worthlessness is back... i hate asking this but i really feel like this character isn’t worth shit... some feedback/criticisms would be great help but i don’t wanna bother anyone 
i’m guessing you just got your license and your flexing it by making fun of people that don’t have it. weird ass flex but ok 
nah i would switch dbz kai with my hero tho tbh 
i want a refund @ sovietmethod @ kentaku77 @ kidd9423 @ … 
i liked a @ youtube video why people are freaking out on kristen bell, australia's hidden needle problem, & 
hey, i would like to buy this, but how to make sure these are really pep’s exercises? i mean how you have collected them? 
i say this on my third tweet down. sounds about right. pre-offense. therapy only. post offense, a lot more violent options. 
if only i had one … 
you do know that judaism has been in that land looooong before islam. i have been trying to find articles that say different but just about every search shows judaism as the original religion of the land. 
“gen z only has an 8 second attention span because they be smoking that kush.” coming from a baby boomer. i was deadddd. 
i feel like you knew this already 
finally got around to making my text notification sound the star trek tng communicator beeps again. it feels like healing from the fire and sounds like i can't possibly have ever had sex 
i’m need to get cuffed before halloween. wish me luck guys 
wish i could relate … 
just when i thought he’s trying to make an effort he went back to being a 
lord thank you for giving me atleast 4 hours of sleep. 
i'm not a yankees or bosox fan, but you had some good insight into press box food and those legends seats sound very cool. good job. no 
the amount of support that small #youtubers get is very bad rich will be rich and poor will be poor for ever! i guess! no matter what thumbnails you make, how good your tags get ranked, you just never get viewers! on the channel no matter the work you put on your videos 
some friends are just temporary on another note, i'm watching get out for the first time ...... with all the lights on 
autocorrect you absolute cunt i missed this one 
helping isn’t political. i get it today’s environment is hyper partisan, but i’d like to think i help my community in some regard. not because of my political affiliation but because help is needed. 
i used procreate before because i didn’t have a intuos! i will! 
if i collab with ways right now 
no i heard off white yeezys are coming out tomorrow 
i'm at 東京テレポート駅 - @ twr_official in 江東区, 
i have secretly been hoping for the apocalypse so i can justify avoiding responsibility. [via ] … 
i have some of those, would you like to buy otc? 
oh i like this! 
lol i’m down but michael won’t wake up!!! 
i don't think i could wish the worst on any of my enemies 
i liked a @ youtube video tarzan low cost (alex ramires & guests) 
repeatedly asking "what's wrong?" after i've repeatedly told you that i'm fine is hands down the fastest way to piss me off. shut the fuck up and get out my face with that bullshit 
amazing song! i can't stop listening! i love you so much baby #bottledupoutnow 
? we have given the palastinians billions over last 40 years and today they still teach thier kids #israel does not exist . your lies are just that lies nothing more. i am enjoying watching democrats squirm while everything the built up is torn down by @ potus #buildthewall 
as i mature i start to realize how important it is to be mindful of the way you do onto others. something minuscule to you can impact another human being in such a huge way & while we’re not always responsible for the outcome we can choose to be better people. mylifehisimage 
mykonos grill on #yelp: it had four stars and i thought i would try something different as my chinese restaurant wa… … 
i just watched #nappillyeverafter with my daughter and it was wonderful a very positive message of finding yourself and loving the skin you’re in 
when i stopped working for georgia, they won the sec & the rose bowl. when i stopped working for @ longhornnetwork, texas beat two ranked teams back-to-back. if you want your team to win, tell them to hire me & then find me another job. 
good morning. i can't believe how disgusting those rats can be‍ 
i played the search the waves mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 10 #paradiseisland2 
i liked a @ youtube video dear tumblr, school shooters aren't cute 
i agree! 
listen i didnf see it well ok 
i-. this really became a hit tweet 
oh yeah i think players in the police or swat team can break into it but, lot of players plays in this team. 
maybe i'm over thinking this coming back thing too seriously and i just need to release a new fucking video. 
i’m so grateful to have met you too! thank you so much kait i love you more than seb’s arms so ha 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist instant karma - instant justice - road rage compilation #72 
i, cirno, am the strongest fairy. #jpzbot 
girl i can’t even laugh tho cause i’ve never been cuffed my damn self 
i’m at 5 below and i see ac amiibo for $5. the sad part is i can buy them for even less at gamestop. 
i liked a @ youtube video encontramos uma pessoa no lago!! - férias escolares #18 [ rezende evil ] 
it's so important today that educators hats are easily removable to fit the situation each student brings into your classroom!! after 45 years as an educator i have worn so many hats in order to meet the needs of my students. i have loved every hat! 
i bet trump actually said “remotely” 
people will judge you anyway even if you do not give them a way to express it. as far as expressing anything .. some will no matter what people say .. i will just refuse to read it 
i just got matched with this guy on tinder and he has the prettiest blue eyes ever 
bitch i just started crying again cause i’ma miss niall 
@ k_rosa17 i'm sorry you went through this! i hope you're healing! those ?!*$$ shouldn't have a job in law enforcement! … 
going to be streaming while i sketch some death stranding stuff and do some nose and mouth studies. 
i remember that 
oh i failed that saving throw the instant i started trying to do art! 
my mom has an instagram now and at first i was like oh no but now i’ve decided i want her account to thrive 
i’ve been waiting all day for my game to come on 
this falls under the "i meant to say, 'wouldn't' " defense. … 
normani kordei derri’ka hamilton i’m tired of ur games they not funny 
also i’m hella tired but i have an interview tomorrow super excited 
the cold part is, i'm not sure if he's as effective here because defenses would just exploit or sorry linebackers and secondary. we're like that dyke that's always got a hole in it...no matter how you plug it, there's a leak somewhere else. 
i miss @ taejkboyfie 
last night when i let my brothers dog out she pissed in one of the hallways in the apartment complex and i just left it there and today i saw footprints coming from it cause someone walked through it thinking it was just water 
every time this is posted i get angry all over again. well done is not an option. that animal did not give its life for it to become a charred, over cooked, flavorless slab of meat. (of course i joke, order it how you like but if i’m at your table expect a look of judgement) 
i’m going to try and dance to honey by kehlani 
sunday night at the garden, only pre-season but i can't wait. 
can i join forever ? 
i had precisely this thought about 10 years ago when i created my twitter account. it's the first one. … 
i’ve been thinking about this picture all day, it’s a still from a video which is probably unreal 
i do. i need peter. stop attacking me 
yes i’m happy happy 
only big bank i acknowledge is by big krit 
i got distracted with pinterest and voltron and now there’s a t-rex in a city and destroying things. 
i'm a very supportive friend i swear 
i agree. we're looking into verizon tomorrow. 
today for me is one of those days. he knows when i need his guidance & word. it has been a super busy and somewhat stressful monday. so blessed i worship a forgiving god, so thankful for promise of forgiveness and... … 
things i was completely unaware of until becoming catholic. still catches me off guard. … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist #breakiando un lunes 
aww i love you soooo much princess 
i don’t go to sleep till damn near 2/3 & now i gotta wake up at 4:30 lol it’s gonna be alot of sleepless nights . 
just whacked my head so hard i got a work wide oooooff. let me go home? now? please? i already smell like burnt coffee beans and would be covered in stains if i didn’t wear all black / a sponge sweatshirt that apparently soaks up every liquid it comes in contact with. 
that's the last picture taken of my dad when he was well. i'm sorry you're hurting 
yay! i was hoping it was requited. that would have sucked if she laid it on the line like that only to be rejected. :d :d 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: white and black polka dot skirt. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i hope hayley williams is having a good day today 
i joke a lot ab wishing i was back in oneonta but honestly i miss more than anything all the amazing friends i made there 
i liked a @ youtube video how dirty is your body under a microscope /w azzyland 
it was really good.. i’m just scared to see what the next episode is about. 
up north ohio, columbus, cincinnati, anywhere michigan, it’s called bags i learned on a trip but that being said anywhere around here it is corn hole 
i watched it right after housebound and i was like 
maybe i was, but now i’m not. 
been on the platform for a year b4 i knew it 
i taught evonomics and love when repubs try to explain supply side economic theories. 
that a girl kamala, dirty pool all the way!! true colors right? yours i mean. 
i think about this frequently, he had to have been called little dick 
i wanna be in love someone let me fall for them 
why doesn’t this have more likes damnit. so underrated.... i love it. 
i'm sorry, christian, i'm dying. 
the dreamies are literally all older than me or one year younger than me and yet i can never think abt anything like romantically with them lmao anytime i imagine them in my head i’m like making breakfast for them and like cooing at jisung bc he’s adorable or smth 
she really is love. i’m glad he likes hanging out with her” 
“why am i so easy to forget like that, it can’t be that easy for you to get like that” … 
this boy really is a sweetheart i don’t deserve it 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist [free] tory lanez x drake x 6lack type beat 2018 2019 instrumental real 
you know i’m trying to give everybody some smoke on squads 
but we’re both still alive and he makes me v v happy so i’d recommend if you don’t value your own sanity and really want companionship lol 
i’ve been looking at houses the past few weeks, i’m so ready! 
tw? i feel so nauseous after eating ugh fuck 
if i can’t make it with you i’ll make it without .. they say take the good with the bad i’ll take it without .. 
same! i lost my shit on fb last night. ptsd anger issues for sure. twitter resistance helps me know im not alone. 
i agree it’s my favorite 
omg!!!! the moment you check your blog insights to find that you’ve had over a 100,000 views! thank you so much to everyone who continues to look at my blog!!! i know stats aren’t… … 
i’m currently at barnard and i feel that thankfulness 
i wonder if things will ever change 
i watch that baker mayfield dance video multiple times per day 
i liked a @ youtube video dj clark kent on jay z making 2pac diss record, playing if after his death 
nah i’d be hot 
wish i could lol 
that's true, and i don't actually agree that it goes against that particular policy as far as i understand it, but the main implication here is that the guy was fired for being a white nationalist, which is very unlikely to be even remotely the case. 
made this unlisted, that being said i thought this was pretty funny 
calendar. stop talking about your damn calendar. would any guilty person put i sexually assaulted someone in it? @ cnn @ jaketapper 
i just signed up on the "curiosity fest 2018 volunteer sign-up" page for set up for event … via @ signupgenius 
i’m so excited! i bought new hella inexpensive prescription glasses for the first time in 6 years lmao. about damn time. 
i wonder if yall ever translated my tweets 
i understand showing sadness about his family’s situation. i understand being vehement about professing his innocence. yelling, throwing a temper tantrum, interrupting the senators, saying this is all part of a clinton conspiracy... that shows a person who is unfit for the sc. 
i can’t seem to wrap my head around today. i’m psychologically exhausted - confused, perplexed, disappointed...what a sad day for american politics. #kavanaughconfirmation 
i'm voting for @ bts_twt for favorite social artist #amas 
i liked a @ youtube video dragon ball heroes episode 4 hd english subbed cc 
man don’t give me more reason to bet on the vikes i almost went the entire day without placing a bet 
*friend hasn't responded back in ten minutes* oh man i hope i didn't say anything bad or they just don't wanna talk to me me - doesn't respond until 2 hours later sorry i was playing a game 
i love how the hashtag has a custom emoji, dj snake really came thru with the promo 
i am in for that... 
why tf am i allergic to everything 
omg this is, like, so cute opposites attract i heard 
i find myself needing to eat some comfort food after what we all watched today. how gutless these men are. not one would look dr. ford in the eye and show any empathy 
i really like quick break ups and affairs. oh wait... 
i dont know what to do next. 
i’m increasingly distrustful of research that completely validates this view). 
i hope u become closer w/ themm 
that's interesting -- i didn't know about the lubricant factor. what i forgot to mention earlier is that my mechanic also told me that when there's less fuel in the tank that there can be more condensation, which we don't want. (automechanics are not my strong suit though.) 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: nike high tops teal silver & white. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
so glad i have close friends that are boys cause y’all ain’t shit & i see the lies y’all shoot 
latex in art looks much better drawn then real life and it bugs me because i want to wear some latex some time. 
i've never watched **** **** and i told scar no one else know ha 
feel like we've got our own young legend in @ jacobstanek and i'd love to tag the great ralph freso, who i get on loan for non-ap nights, but i doubt he's joining twitter any time soon 
shall i? @ 
i mean i’m not that shocked but wow i hope so too 
bill bennett: where was the liberal outrage over ted kennedy? - - @ washtimes did anyone ask him how many beers he drank? i don't think so... 
i’m a slut for wing stop... white boy needs a 10 piece 
just done. i just want a check at this point. 
im tired of the construction that goes on in the city i live in 
i've seen it. it's true. 
book a fcking f l i g h t to nyc right this second 
. @ votemarsha this tn house rep is running for sen bob corker’s senate seat. she rarely posts accomplishments, but mentions schumer all the time. not once have i seen this man in our community or read about him in our local news. it’s time 4 her divisiveness to go. … 
i am on the verge of doing a huge social media cleanse 
lil wayne did go hard on this album tho i’m still playing it on repeat 
that's fair, but we don't know what happened. i'm not about to pretend i'm certain one way or the other. but i am certain about the other (current) character revelations he has offered. and that includes his unnecessary lies. 
sometimes i have a hard time getting things done so i rub this roller blend on my neck and wrists. 10 drops vetiver 10 drops cedarwood 5 drops lavender & 1 drop peppermint topped off… … 
i’d say on average you’re a cinnamon roll and all that cinnamon and sugar holds the flakiness down and keeps you so lovable 
@ jvn might be my most favorite person in the world and i've never met him. 
i deserve this. i deserve you 
i seem to annoy ppl just by existing at this point 
i drove by a house that had a “brett kavanaugh” sign in their front yard and literally slammed on my brakes 
sometimes i curse the manners i was brought up having 
hello, i hate to hear your install was not completed. let me look into this for you. please dm your complete service address and the name on the account. -dawn 
this shit is for life. i ain hitting you back, i’m done with you hoes. n w o - @ bas 
washington braces for battle as f.b.i. contacts potential witnesses to kavanaugh claims … 
well nobody has shit. target, walmart, burlington, ross... nada i may stop at home goods omw to my dads tomorrow. 
i s2g this kid play ddr on his death bed 
i saw over toronto island airport! … 
today’s mantra: i can do anything 
i have done everything 
i don't know...an awful lot of indictments, guilty pleas & prison time for that...they seem to be a little more than just looking busy... but, by all means, you & your buddies discuss amongst yourselves... #muted4blather 
damn i need to start getting shit done. life feels pointless everytime i wake up if i’m not working out 
i do like the color of your frame. whole scheme really. 
guess who's really really soft today yes sir it is i huehuehuehue 
happy birthday @ laco20maya !!! i hope you had an awesome day, you deserve it sweet girl!! love you 
i wonder if bts is in chicago yet... 
ugh boys are ’s i hate that! 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist another diy disaster to repair - toilet wax ring 
every now and then i re-watch @ rereztv's worst console ever series all in one day. i highly recommend them. 
and this white middle aged man is angry to! i stand beside you and proclaim enough is enough! blue wave 2018! 
honestly wasnt ready for another magazineho i wish we could go back just a few days so i could realise just how close to october we really were 
i'm so hoping this isn't the end of him in a seattle uniform. #class #humility … 
i went to see free solo and just to save everyone some time, it's false advertising and has nothing to do with star wars 
i pray that tomorrow goes very smoothly with no troubles 
i’m really mad she blocked me tho i had something to tell her. 
i mean, it’s just literally looking at police records, right? 
listening to partners playlist and i forgot susumu hiradawa was in here. i jumped out of my seat a bit because i was so startled 
no, i'm pretty sure the fbi doesn't realize that. … #comeyismyhomey 
i think i want my nipples pierced. 
i liked a @ youtube video jdm cars for sale in japan ep. 5 
i was facetiming @ viva_ladavid and i realized how much i miss my best friend 
oh shit, i read that wrong. i thought you said you put yourself first, my bad. you should start putting yourself first. 
probably beth or kate, but i will be shocked if it is annie... 
unpopular opinion but it’s a really nice way of saying you are a gay man but i don’t know if you want to be a good person … 
hahaha. well i do get about 5 to 7 miles of walking in every day with my camera. perhaps that drives the beer and stuff. i’ve been doing the walking every day mostly since march in japan, then vietnam and now cambodia. 
@ kylemhollis im almost at level 13 in pokemon go. i forgot what i was but i didn't think i was that low. 
i thought that was a tweet by kathy griffin, for a second 
i'm seriously debating on just dedicating all of inktober to soul eater fkjngdfg 
i said i was sorry it's monday okay?? 
i love tae tae 
i was so excited to make these 3 wigs today & the hair didn’t deliver today like the tracking said & im pissed my wig was included in that ! 
no one has it figured out. i had no idea a year ago either. was unemployed with minimal prospects. be fortunate for the opportunities in front of you, whatever they are. 
hmmm. i wonder. was her polygraph actually administered by a hypnotist? 
i stan taylor also and i know she would be disappointed in your actions. they are friends and taylor supports sabrina because she knows she’s talented so why can’t you? and i can’t believe you’d spread hate instead of love since that’s one of the main things taylor stands against 
i really wanna play rabi ribi again. maybe i'll finish my 0% run's post game, or start a hell mode file or something. or finally grab the dlc and play through that. 
at least 94k people give a fuck, myself among them. i would suggest that is significantly more than care about his opinion. 
oh my god i cannot believe this we were staying at that hotel right behind the top golf (the mgm signature) and had no idea this was going on i’m so happy for you though!! that’s an amazing story 
16-8 all-time with 41 tds to only 18 ints. i'd consider that a killer. 
w h i m p e r- oh no, she’s crying... tears that would break one’s nonexistent heart. … 
kk but i’m going to a concert in june and i can’t frickin wait oof 
i used to think like that , now search for the interview where he talks about their sexual life and jokes about switching her birth control with tic tacs and also he’s proud that bill clinton checked her out on a funeral . 
got so excited that i finally got wireless beats but now i'm scared that someone will just pinch them off my head cos everyone is literally taller than me sooooo now i'm going to have to use the wire :/// 
i liked a @ youtube video spawnei um dragão tier 6 no castelo!! - minecraft infinito #54 
sen graham's inspired statement comes to mind ... you want power, god i hope you never get it. 
ummm why i just see somebody walk straight through the bell tower 
i don't get why girls have to be so fucking nasty and catty. why would you wanna live your life like that 
because i doubt she truly is one. she makes videos on the internet, and not very good ones at that. 
nice, i can sleep before, cest is great for that :p it's at 1 pm pour us 
i literally looked up this song to try to exhibit this year that would be cool 
facts i just want it back up 
why r u talking in a riddles kasan i no fit understand am shade more light 
#igwritersoct day 2: nothing says spooky autumn than a fall arrangement stacked on black books. and yes, these are fake. no way i can keep flowers like this alive. i’m more of a low… … 
"sure did! but i've also been studying..." 
very highkey ready to give birth so i can get my tits done already 
i’m playin 3s rn 
remember when you said you love bill clinton. i am sure he loves you too, and would love to have you under his desk to make you try his cigar. anyone is shocked? #metoo #kavanaughhearings #brettkavanaugh 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: one layer light orange dress. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i liked a @ youtube video warriors cats •°tigerstar's death°• remake 
i'm gonna have a look if u still want feedback. 
it’s national. i’ve had numerous updates from my phone and i’m in florida. stay safe. 
: i hit 40 in march. i’ll make an exception this time just for you! lol 
i'm in mid-season form already hahaha … 
oh? it's waver-san's birthday! then... happy birthday! with that, i shall sing for you! yes, that'll be my birthday present to you! ~ 
i can't cosign this tweet with a like or a rt. it is disrespectful to lgbtq people. this is in no way a defense of that idiot, graham. please, reconsider your words. 
not to brag or anything but i just used a backup pair of glasses to find my regular glasses that a roommate moved while i was napping. come to me with your unsolvable crimes. 
i am not taking it as a necessity over anything, never did. soooo, it’s just like getting stars for a pet, has nothing to do with my progression. if it does! then wth. that means it’s blocking my path and must be removed 
in the video you said that you can talk about this for hours and i would really like to listen to you talk about this for hours. if you ever have time, could you please make a livestream or something because i want to learn more about this. i now have so much more respect for you 
i hope every time u buy a pack of woods they crumble when u open them 
#blackadderbot oh, yes, sir! provided they ask for sausages. otherwise they tend to get a tiny bit disappointed. saussies is all i got 
i'll be waiting for all 10 of them 
i am a master of engaging in class discussions about articles i didn’t read 
um i have a question but can u reply to me when u get this 
i cast my heisman ballot for #tuatagovailoa! click the player you think deserves the heisman house vote. ( @ nissanusa) 
i met a belizean-dominican dude at caye that insisted on saying “belice”, and i wanted to throw every rotten coconut i could find at him. … 
the kind of content i’m here for … 
jimin in person was more than i could ever ask for 
lmao wait i thought we could use both our brains for thism i'm jot that smart xhxbdjjs 
mr cruz, i read a tweet today. you stated your opponent was for abolishing ice, you are for abolishing irs. tweet is gone, please retweet 
no matter how many times i watch it, i’ll never be emotionally prepared for the final span over the empty apartment in friends 
i’m confused what is this 
imma commit for 6-10mos. then i need a schedule change 
i think i loved you before i knew you. 
dear women i know so many of you who know lots about sports dont worry about the guys who think you dont they are wrong 
so, we’re taking things here back to real life. i love a pretty picture as much as the next person—and insta-stories are fun and all, but i miss the conversations that used to happen here.… … 
thing they have done this year, the democrats should have never ,ever let it be known how they were going to vote, if they had done this, the democrats could have destroyed during the senate hearing, they could have destroyed i.e. judge kavanaugh on his character ,judgement and 
i know a few people who've been there, theirs were all amazing! i'm saving up for my number 4 
i really love this song … 
still all about that #blackops4 hype. hopefully i get better at black out so i can stream some of those sweet, sweet victories lol @ callofduty 
me: i'm gonna kill myself! me: but your mom will be sad me: cries myself to sleep to take on another day. 
chaeyoung’s music taste man i feel u … 
your decision is wrong!!what would you have done in the face of wrongful accusations in papers and media. i would like to see how you would have handled that stress 
it’s like hawk heaven i love it. 
as i was once told... lotta game #nyy 
tatum might be a tad better defender but other than that they’re both can rebound both can pass i’d say ingram a little better of a scorer 
what bothered me was. why is totty the only aro, is it because of his personality? i don't trust like that 
i was wayyyy too happy today @ jasonderulo 
i see you deleted the tweet but what did you mean a being a gracious winner? did you lose something? 
he’s been doing covers to songs for a looong time i dont see why this was a problem? 
glad you’re going to remain a part of the fold. i think we’re all getting a little restless as droughtlander comes to a blessed end. again, thx for accepting my apology for my boorish comments 
courage & logic that is the kind of woman i relate to. 
that miniseries was amazing i have it on vhs lol. 
larry and adele fleet bacow jot down their thoughts on the day of larry's inauguration as harvard's 29th president. he: "i love adele!" she: "i love larry!" @ harvard @ harvardmed #harvardinauguration 
fear does not suit you very well dear senator i had so much admiration for you i am so sorry 
omg i last replied to ur text on the 24th of september ok yea i suck 
i so hope you’re right 
@ playstation @ nbcsports do you have the premier league games available on the app through the playstation 4? i have the app installed and am signed in through my provider, but no replays of the premier league are showing 
is there anyone who can support me in problems about #npm #laravel or #vuejs? i am desperately looking for some solutions 
changkyun stayed quiet for a while, unmoving as he let hyungwon nuzzle and kiss him, and then suddenly squeezing him in his arms with a soft laugh. “i love you, my hyungwonnie...” he whispered, hands sliding underneath hyungwon’s shirt as his body melted into the other’s. he ➝ 
i wouldn’t go palming people off like that if i looked like you mush 
i really* 
if i dont want to so 
the wife and kids looking at him like they know it’s wrong. they’d never leave him because, , but i bet they pray every day he dies soon. 
a male american veteran of foreign wars, i am of a folk class who some might call victims. there are thousands of american men buried across the world who fought for fairness. millions of us would never claim victimhood, nor discard our institutions. #political #conservative 
i paid no attention to that 2011 game because we were at miller park for a postseason game. 
hey @ googlemaps stop asking me to review places i've been, but didn't ask you for directions for. that's creepy af. i know you're collecting data on everything i do all the time, but you don't have to rub my face in it. 
i've never laughed so hard while playing this game. 
with each beer i get more pumped for conor vs khabib 
i was there 
i don't believe so; just the usual- people not showing up/ bbtag kinda losing steam, and whatnot. we had a sizable cf bracket though! no streams unfortunately. 
there was a time when i would have been bothered by this 
my old name was too niche so i changed it to something a little more universal 
thank her for what? getting away from donnie? i don't blame her, but i'm not going to thank her! she made that problem by herself! 
game changer mindfulness of the thought “what i’m doing, saying, thinking right now.. does it make god smile?” 
they made a 2016 hot wheel roadster like the one that went to space. they’re all over ebay, but no 2020 that i could find yet 
i love you, @ taylorswift13!!!! 
i dont unironically want any anime reps in smash, id be upset if goku got in 
the look on @ 1303hrj face when i pint out @ kirkherbstreit at the movies.... she would love to talk some football with him!!! lol 
i might hit you up homie.. not sure what i’m gonna do tonight tbh 
fuck i want a pub burger now 
i before e except after c has been disproven by science. 
you may be right. i’m not sure how one defines something as “proper” though. if people in those neighborhoods are citizens of israel, i would think that it is considered israel proper. 
i'm cirno and i bite ice cream with my front teeth #jpzbot 
you guys, i am just in the most awful of moods right now. 
@ bts_twt i love you 
i get so offended when one of my pals haven’t even heard one of my favourite songs as a child 
i’m nicki and this is us on rabbit 
i haven't spoken to my mother in four years. i think about how she could have done what she did to me every time i look at my daughter. 
i just found a shoebox with shoes i don’t remember buying. this is how you know i have a problem. 
i think the saints going to win but you cant sleep on the redskins 
then why do i attract the players … 
is it any good? i haven’t decided if i should watch it or not yet! haha! 
i've never seen a tweet i've disagreed with quite as much as this … 
i’m so tired of these fuckin hairstylists like seriously 
wraith by t.i. might be the hardest song i’ve heard all year, and that’s in a year that has set the bar high for slappers 
i can't get over how good this 80¢ instant pho ga is. 
i feel so attacked … 
lmao i’m gonna start doing this … 
me too girl ! i have too much cute fall stuff i wanna wear 
supposed i wanted to be a bad gyal this particular weekend? 
love equatio! allows students to see problems presented in different ways. i also get to create my own problems 
i can't stand it, twitter gm's are the worst. if it were up to them our entire roster would have been traded at one point for nothing more than a bag of jolly ranchers 
here we go again i just can’t fucking win dawg 
sunday, october 7, i went into my dad's room and the light was turned on in the closet. i never turn on this light so it was bizarre to see this. this is actually the 3rd time since his… … 
i feel like no one is paying attention this … 
all i can hear is that she didn’t get enough attention as a child 
i just heard there is going to be a bill and hillary comedy hour! 
i just had to do mine since i’m a teacher and dear lord i’m never showing it ever 
i'm not sure that i'm ready to see this movie, but the article is a powerful read about the profound, expensive, and deeply weird journey toward #ivf. rt @ ringer fertile ground: the #netflix original movie that’s realer than real life #infertility 
"i won't fall victim to tropes, maid bait or anything of the sort-" <sees maid kurisu 
yeah because i implied that here 
were talking about annuities in accounting today and all i can think about is the jg wentworth song 
i hear the train a comin it's rolling around the bendhave not seen sun shine until trump stepped in! the lord blessed us with melania the most beautiful gal around she stands with our potus and makes us feel so proud 
2 dudes in the past week asked me if i wanted to send nudes or watch them jack off 
alicia and i snuck subway into the movies and everyone next to us wants to act like they’ve never seen a sandwich before 
naw i seen it, but i don’t think he catches better than those 3 or see the coverage that them 3 plus julio see every week and still catch balls.. he had a quiet night last night.. 
i didn’t go to preschool thats why im so stupid 
walking out the door with one in my hand i said “ashlan tell me i only need one “ she said “you only need one “ so i brought one . 
i don't get it how was that harming anyone in any way? these guys are ridiculous 
when i saw jungkook like this, my heart really just hurts...and idk if it hurt more bcos i m just super disappointed in myself at sch. guess i cld really relate to him at tht moment. 
just checking in & yep, i’m still sad as fuck 
yes!! i was sooo excited when my sis told me that!! 
i mean ariana did say she wanted to release the music while it’s fresh and she doesn’t want to conform to formula or routine anymore soo 
it seems the day i stashed it i remembered what i used the pot for, then promptly forgot again. i am so relieved i want to cry. honestly. the thought of losing that amount of money was making me sick and so cross at myself. 
i've seen it. she tried to sue him and got laughed at basically. 
yes i do live near florida im fine dont worry except for the fact that my school expects me to show up tomorrow. im not driving in a flash flood 
my faith in humanity was restored today. i’ve been going through some sit and wasn’t in the mood to deal with anything or anyone today but to my surprise i only dealt with positivity, support, and kindness from complete strangers. it was a nice change. 
since i started watching @ nbcthegoodplace, reminding my kids to use their silverware is a lot funnier. #fork 
i should’ve taken my ipad to apple like months ago but there wasn’t any point because i barely used it to begin with 
so found out i have an ovarian cyst the size of a 4 month fetus. don’t worry. i’m married to dr. hunnell, webmd. 
i just got bad news about #chicagopd and i'm nauseous now 
i too suffer from ptsd w/ major depressive episode and generalized anxiety. it's a struggle. thank you for saying this. 
this is rigged the surveys aren't loading for me and i watched about 20 videos and i got 1 entry 
i was right in front of her when i tried it. i already got my smack for that 
my dog has a bad uti and is peeing everywhere and i feel really bad for her because the antibiotics make her sick and she's been on them for a while and they just can't get rid of the uti but.....now she's wearing doggy diapers and i feel terrible but i'm holding back a laugh 
quick say something that you do out of context. i'll go first: when the old lady leaves i break into her apartment to steal her sodas. #outofcontextlife tag two: . @ kimboweenie . @ zoliphered 
best song ever!!! 31 years ago! now i really feel old but whitesnake still rules!! 
*i roll my eyes* at least i made you laugh, gimme some credit. 
do you think he asked ? nope so now we are at home and there’s no dinner and i’m hungry 
lmao you’re sad. and ugly. i don’t have time for u 
i would likely be ongoing. higher education is often created as a strategy that adds value to the end user of a system (those that don’t recall how liberating this feature was when introduced in a short video here. 
i'm probably less than 5 blocks from a poetry slam or open mic right now at this moment. i live in an emerging arts district. aka a shit hole 
i have a real suspect about how they see us as gamers, these article writers. they seem to think we all get off on watching lara die yet ive never met anyone who even thinks that. i like new lara, so the punishing death scenes add tension because i don't want them to happen 
shola 3 times and i’m not even kidding 
i agree with the $8m mark most are putting out as far as fair value is concerned, but i wouldn't pay that. the braves should be looking for more talent at younger ages, even tho it will come at a cost. shouldn't tread water at key positions and rely on youth. add to the team. 
wait i should’ve recreated charli’s 1999 look for pride :((( 
damn this gon be the first drake song i won’t know or wanna know lmao … 
i really just need someone to go through my clothes and put outfits together for me. i have so much stuff i never wear bc idk how 
this is the best i've seen today, it describes my life lol poor lil girl 
i thought you were a like hyyuh stan 
i don’t have an appetite at all i’m just so thirsty. so annoying 
oh okay, that’s what i figured. lol 
apparently i have severely low vitamin d. 
nope but we all know i’m good at spilling the tea too 
no reason i can see... … 
facts, everyone is in a party rn i refuse to get nuked on, i’m ending all streaks 
this feels awesome i cant believe it 
#hardball: trump's not going to wait to 2020 to declare war. i fear what's about to happen is 'blatant hacking' will lead to the 2018 election being 'disqualified'. he'll declare martial law against 'the mobs'. remember 2016 closed to drumbeat of voting fraud works win or lose 
i didn't listen to the highlights not to spoil myself but omg run back 2 u!!!! bassbot got what it deserved im so proud and so happy 
“i’m a mermaid. i lose thirty years and thirty pounds and grow a tail every night.” 
one of my best friends married a racist,climate change denying lunatic & soon after an outspoken fan of trump herself. we just found out her hormones have been going haywire & her hysterectomy is at the end of the month..i wonder if she'll leave the dark side after(just hopeful) 
stanford's is wonderful. i prepare for every big trip there. this will be weird. #travel #maps … 
michael and sara are actually the best fucking ship of my entire life i love themhith so much and they're precious and my favourite people ever i hope they have great lives even if they're fictional characters in prison break i don't care i love them both and they are the cutest 
well looks like i’m in a embarrassing situation that needs to be fixed quick 
@ lesliemarshall i read your article about biden... you are 100% wrong. trump doesn't drink, nor would i want to have a beer with him if he did. i voted for him because he's not a politician ! politicians say one thing and do something else... he follows through. biden never has. 
it is!!! i love it so much!! people in dallas are gonna hate me! lol 
fck. i can't think any. 
good morning, how are you .lee howon ... wow, you are very nice and i like you and very beautiful and you are wonderful and wish you success with friends and, god willing, always satisfied 
happy birthday manal @ reflectionnal i love you bitchshshhshs 
happiest birthday to my bb!!!tumatanda ka na rin wahaha i wish you all the best in life. thank you for everythiiing most especially for supporting me in every decisions i make in my life. em always here for ü! imysm and i love you always!! ingat lagi ah mwah 
i don't care about the adultery or her marriage. i am concerned about her and her husband's indifference, disdain, and cruelty. 
clayton co.: single car wreck; i-675/sb past ellenwood rd. (exit 5) left lane blocked. #atltraffic 
i’ll be there to impress you with my bunting skillz 
i remember our first dance bone 
monster house, hocus pocus, all the halloween town movies, twitches 1 & 2 n many more iconic halloween movies are all free on-demand rn n i’m living bitch let’s get spooky goodnight 
i'm a huge fan have been since your debut on smackdown in 2002 are u planning on being on the 1000th episode next week? i think it would be cool u & @ realkurtangle could do the promo a little different, kurt :who in the hell are you? you:i'm john cena the 16x world champion 
all sound checked and ready for my sold out show at the warming house! you can be at the show online at: the show starts streaming at 8pm central. and i’ll be doing two sets- so prob roughly ending at 10pm. much love to you from here 
how can i be so chill 
i give this one a pass because affleck was the bomb in phantoms 
he is retired, i believe. waited to talk shit when he won’t have to pay for it. 
@ mario_shroom @ lforwinner so i've found a perfect spot for your restaurant! do you remember the old toad café that was knocked down a few months back, the one near the centre of toad town? i can have that place given to you if you'd like? 
missing turkuaz go study for exams is probably the most mature thing i’ve ever done in my entire life 
starship is great, but i am just sticking with fantasy! i will have to check out saffron & peri, it's been on my list! thank you!! 
why i got butterflies going to pick my girl up like i haven’t seen her a million other times 
i think it's impossible to stay seated at a gaga concert, especially at artrave. you just wanna dance 
i wish! 
i paused it there for the screen shot but he had the road warriors even things up right before the horsemen tried to jump the ropes. i can't remember if this is the aftermath of the car door or when flair broke dusty's ankle in the cage though. 
what does it matter anyway, not like i mean anything to anyone. guess it's just time for a night of a heros call 
i honestly luvv listening to oldies 
i have this trinket (equip) from a bfa dungeon called "conch of dark whispers" and i hear weird voices when its effect activates. kind of makes me wonder if that's what the void is like #warcraft 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: kendall & kylie floral bohemian tunic size medium. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i hate when guys are mean to my friends when ik they have good hearts. fight me, nigga. 
i love it. the story is piecing together and a lot of questions are getting answered. next few episodes should be nuts 
i don't think he really believes them, but if he does and ignores our own intelligence then he's an idiot. hope 60 minutes calls him out on this. 
@ potus to stahl - “i’m president....and you’re not.” @ 60minutes 
@ chicagobears i agree with @ rodney_harrison like really smh 
i can’t wait for my sister to have her baby auntie court 
@ realdonaldtrump “i’m president, and you’re not” to leslie stahl 60 minutes, you are not a man... 
honestly, i love the animation, but i can't say the same about the plot. i will keep watching it tho.. 
my youngest friend i’m so proud of your development but with that being said, you must stay this size forever because uncle says so. #uncleroc #marieroselyn #travelers #familyknowsbest … 
trillo says he can beat healy and get 23%!! is that winning ??? i guess win, place, show. 
i've ordered my copy! … 
when pxndx said "si quieres saber lo que siento por ti, imagínate un dia gris". i really felt that shit. 
how dare you i am a patriot @ foxnews please put me on your shows 
tables turned i’m laughing,they use to laugh at me 
val and i? those bitches. 
hello! i'm afraid we won't point to unauthorised streams of the episodes on this account, but i think sooner or later, it will be straightforward to find with google. -n 
i heard bradley uses his own dog in it! soo cool. i haven’t seen the movie yet, but can’t wait. 
( @ jerkmyego) that soon i’ll be your wife and then you won’t be able to get rid of me. that is, until i get a very handsome life insurance policy on you... you’re the first person that i think about in the morning, mostly because you’re snoring in my ear. - 
@ atviassist is it because the game was more popular than expected? servers can't handle it yet? i love the game, blackout, mp, zombies, it's amazing, and i'll continue to play, but the ping is mad right now. please tell me you are aware and have a fix in the works! 
i’m not crying i’m not crying i’m not crying … 
i love talking to people that understand me 
now that’s what i call a great administration!! 
they took down jacquees’ remix of trip but i found it lemme know if you need it! 
it be feeling like i’m out here by myself 
that sleep paralysis i just had was pretty terrifying 
motekill: “flowers grow back when stepped on. so will i.” so fucking pretty (❁´▽`❁)*✲ﾟ* 
i just want a big bucket of vicks and some mint green tea 
when i spoke on the topic a metric shit ton of people gave me hate. its crazy 
i remember when he was going to buy #saintsfc back in 2007. still successfully owning two teams ain't bad, such a sad loss to the world. #nfl … 
maybe because you've spent the past couple of years making it all about you & him?? your life disgusts me. pole dancing porn actor who sucks d**k for a living, trying to be some admiral hero?? she has many followers who adore her. they are as disgusting. there, i said it 
yes, i do, i believe that someday i’ll be where i was, right there, right next to you. 
i gotta get this i'm determined to try candy corn everything as long as it looks tasty 
answer love myself already made me soft but after the concerts i truly am just a puddle on the ground while listening to it 
actually, i consider gen 6 and 7 to be great looking. the only complaints are the low resolution and lack of animation. the cutscenes in gen 7 in particular are beautiful and kalos, imo, is the best looking region yet. 
i’m not crying because of everything that happened today.... i’m crying because bts brings me so much happiness and i love them so much. 
kinda wish i never had to be awake. 
i liked a @ youtube video enem - descubra porque você nunca deve fazer 
i swear railroads hire the rudest mfs they can find like “now hiring: rude ass bitches only, if you are not rude af please do not apply” headass 
i can’t wait!! 
throwbaaaaack! you’re the best. i love/miss you soooo much. can’t wait for us to reunite 
i think he has already done that to himself 
i don't know what to say. … 
is it i or ... miss piggy is real? 
youre the greatest bffie anyone coukd ever ask for and i love you so so so much 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist swooty booty meme [animation meme -dbh] 
@ geekthehot didn't think it would happen it took years doubted me encountered setbacks and heartbreak but i'm still here did it regardless no matter what i felt it belonged to my heart carried on through the fear 
i love this concept of kaneki being the mad hatter, touka should've been the rabbit 
i’m getting stared down by somebody son this shits disturbing having to peek out the corner of my eye and here goes 
for real he block me so much i’m used to it. 
thank you for the civil reply. those are hard to come by in this mess of a conversation it seems. i must ask, would you regret it so much if our flawed political system actually gave third parties a fair shot? 
i said this the other day 
@ nellyshred4 hey, would i be able to dm? i'm trying to set up a xac for a friend with specific needs and struggling a bit. 
i love gowon's crunchy voice 
i liked a @ youtube video yo mama so hot! national parks 
what’s really funny is ms. myeonjiyong thinks she is dragging bts when it literally is a self drag to her own group. y’all this pathetic;;;; i can’t even 
i’ll ask the person who made mine if this is any good! i did buy a 1000mg bottle on line and it was 10% it made no difference at all, with this home made one i’ve stopped all pain medication x 
i think you should do the opposite. the metaphors in comics work very well in that way. 
my feet been cold all day and this folks is why i wear uggs all winter 
i can pick up the kids for you tomorrow,too. if your still sick. /my campaign slogan is to be helpful to the amish? and worry about my neighbor. 
some guy rear ended me and then he goes “sorry i’ve just had a bad day” like boooyyy i’ve had bad days but i still pay attention when i drive????? uhhh?! 
lol i would say some nasty things bout cardi but i fw set 
my brother after all these long years ... i can’t believe it we are free from this damnation 
y’all , imma hold a grudge against @ hollymarieacm , she gotta the monster jackpot on ball drop and i didn’t -.- 
roadrat monster week will cure my depression i should participate but i want to get outta this art block so bad. 
i wheesed sl hard my fckifn throad i knew youw ere rakifn long to reply because tou were thping some headass shit please 
i'm actually the opposite, was so glad to go back to something larger and easier to type on. the pixel 3 is too damn narrow. 
i liked a @ youtube video i got locked up for something i didn't do... ( prison story ) 
just finished a call. i'm available now on #niteflirt 1-800-to-flirt, ext: 03774052. give me a call before i become busy again! 
yeah i did so i can have more time for youtube and uni x 
yes. it’s my understanding that you have to be declared disabled by social security in order to qualify for this and the administrative law judges are extremely biased. i received a denial that acknowledged my inability to preform in my career and most tasks. yes. i have a lawyer 
it’s so good i almost cried 
there's somethin' i gotta say for all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way i been down that road, and now i'm back sittin' on square one tryin' to pick myself up, where i started from 
i think we went straight from summer to winter. 
i don't hunt and i don't own a gun. this guy! needs to get eaten by lyons. while i don't have a problem with gun owners or hunters. i would gladly shove a rifle up his #@?. 
my coworker asked me how do i get my hair like this and i was like “well it grows out of my head” and he was like “no really though” i was like “for real” 
@ toddeherman todd i love the show and intend to vote no against 1639.. but it does not make u a criminal if someone unlawfully enters your home and posses your unlocked fire arm. i have seen signs and heard you imply it does 
was lookin' at that cadillac, gettin' my dinner from a garbage can, when i heard the runaway boys are back. purrfect 
yasssss!!!!!! so the sansa rape scene i think came out around the same time the jaime one did and the sansa rape seen made headlines....because of “how brutal” and how “it wasn’t in the book” but barely anyone wrote about jamie’s.. 
i may have,, a big fat crush on yoohyeon 
i’ll watch it this weekend and determine if it’s trash 
i really like what @ teachagpsu did at naae last year with charms. the students had to choose one and describe how it related to what they were learning that day. @ fosterdanield 
i pale in the face of your wisdom my dear, but it was so good of you to extend an invitation to submit the article. 
yes ofc, feel free to do so. im nice, or try to be at least i just suck at replying to people sometimes … 
i'm laughing but i'm way shorter than him jfpdnpzjfoz and why when i search for kim jinhwan on google, the first word that follows his name is height?? the disrespect is real. … 
snuggle time! hmm i wanna see someone ride one of these with a balloon underneath :p 
i been too nice! but fuck that 
right, i’m home, did i miss anything? 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist they don't know [official audio] 
today i needed a boyfriend to share all of my business plans with while getting a back rub and sipping a glass of wine! 
i’m probably about a year old now 
i’m sorry for spamming people’s timelines 
i hate that sm made rv use instagram the most, the smelliest stans live there. give them the twitter password so they can see our true love and memes 
i mean, graphic design isn’t even my passion and i can call this one out. 
i love you, i’m down for bts chat i’m just lacking 
i seen a lot of niggas change up 
yeh, right. i'm not buying that. 
what do i ask this biologist? how on earth could the animals survive without us killing them? oh wait they aren’t.. duh 
thanks for your feedback, i appreciate it. also, you should be able to comment by clicking the “+” next to “view comments.” please let me know if this is giving you trouble. thanks again! 
maybe!?! if i do i’m not sharing! 
hey @ panerabread! i'm team #bowldozer. 
i told y'all i'm coming one way or the other 
reminds me of the potato bread at giant/tesco. now i'm hungry … 
i’m shocked they aired that... 
i am crying … 
i liked a @ youtube video unknown brain x rival - control (feat. jex) [ncs release] 
my shoe game booty but i don’t know what shoes to buy....i’m tired of wearing 1s and 3s. i need suggestions pot favor 
it’s hard to combat a party that just straight up lies to the entire country with impunity. your party’s entire existence is based on keeping power in the hands of old white guys. as a middle aged white male i hope the trend soon comes to an end. fuck the gop & all who support it 
no matter the color she is, that has nuthin ta do w/ her body/ face structure ect. i understand wut they're tryin ta do w/ her hair & character, but the orig. look from the comics just duzn't work n this day & age. i've always sed that bowt her hair way b4 this abomination . … 
i can feel the youtube exposure coming 
i’m told in jersey it’s illegal to pump your own gas and i’m still confused by it … 
ohh wow! that is absolutely gorgeous!! thank you! my.. how i miss summer & the warm weather!! it’s down to 23f here! 
i hope mega man 4 me just as well as mega man 3. 
mara lento lena was 5 tiger last week. mxm. i'm mad nxl 
i can’t even begin to describe the level of excellence i’ve encountered over the last 3 says. as a result, my life in every aspect has shifted & i’m so grateful for it. #wtalmasterclass @ mywtalconf @ tphdallas #activated 
human apeach! hyung you are that cute i'm crying now. 
the corn is hitting us like billets and i start sprinting through the corn like my life depends on it 
@halibantitler if you get 1 more twitter i’m banning you 
i hope you'll like my stuff i did for inktober along with them 
what i think happened with the whole brother nature situation is one of his homies got his phone and tweeted. mfs loved doing this in 2012 
all i want is ü 
haa i love her 
i prefer my men with a little meat on them, and im all skin and bones so i dont steal sweatshirts and shit unless im sleeping in them cus wearing them out would have me looking like a fool. 
just passed a red light and the song i was listening to had police sirens and man i squeezed my booty cheeks so hard 
you ain’t lying! i’m ready to leave! 
oooookay how did i forget the were-panther episode?!? #gargoylesrewatch 
i drop food on myself during every meal. i’m about to finish and at the very last bite i’ll drop it on my shirt. am i okay? do i need a bib? i’m 23 
and you’re right, there is much more to this than you realized in posing this question. i also want to mention the importance, also, in recognizing who the labor to address this is placed on, as this was posed to two black cis women to address this in a twitter thread 
|| me last week: awh man i have a book to read that’s due next week... i’ll read it this weekend. me now, on sunday: lol i’ll read it tomorrow 
i came up with the absolute best caption to this picture of @ naughtyderek but it was too filthy to 
i am keith in every single way 
please yall stop nct has amazing vocal line end of story — this is kpop i take my vocal ranking serious as balls karen … 
i had some of this tn .,. lol 
i’m on the verge of tears 
tiny little thing, i love you so much … 
i want viva la vida to be played on boomwhackers at my funeral 
now i know why @ taylorswift13 hates this … 
i’d be more shocked at an olinemen trade and less shocked at a wideout or running back trade. 
liking someone younger (he’s a year younger i’m not a pedophile) than you sucks ass that shit isn’t fair 
i wonder at what point i’ll say betto instead of beeto? 
i’m pretty mad at myself for not keeping my house clean lol 
thanks. i always felt i had a good character. you're trying to appropriate others' language and rhetoric. unfortunately, you comes across... weird. but keep at it, i'm sure eventually you'll fool enough people. as long as you're not engaging someone who knows better, that is... 
my grandma always does this whenever i fall asleep on the sofa in her house. allah protect our mothers … 
i hate it when my hips bump everywhere. 
i think if i listened to high by @ youngthug for long enough i could probably solve world hunger 
i need to smoke some weed bitch 
i know it's a thing you guys but not for me alright! i was never invited lol 
i was feeling a lil bummed about how my cowboys lost yesterday but watching this new edp video of him punching his door in anger while watching the eagles lose has made me feel better. heh. :) 
national nut day? i didn't know about that either... thank you for the news, omu-nii-sensei. 
oh i see. you were speaking from a wider perspective than i first anticipated. i understand your thought more clearly now 
i fucking love u and yes betch 30th 
i fell out of love 
(i hope it is clear that i’m engaging in sarcastic gallows humor and not insinuating that threats of violence are acceptable) 
jonah is there for amy’s delivery um please why am i crying.... 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist fink - 'pilgrim' 
wow, i hope you're all safe now. great video. 
the moment these three turned to show their backs i laughed so hard this made my morning! welcome back to korea! @ 
happiness that i really need..... esp pic 2 
i’m always listening to music. like no bullshit i always have to be listening to music if not then i gotta listen to people talk and lord knows i don’t want that lmfao 
1/ 2 i think that "no" is too unnecessary because in fact the character rise up of himself against the difficult and that's the reason to remember that amazing movies, and finally the actresses that you've mentioned they are amazing 
i’ll be in kzoo thursday-saturday let’s make plans!! 
i lowkey might go to the fair here 
@ markellef looks better than i´ve ever seen him tonight. great to see him confident. is saric always such a liability defensively? #heretheycome 
i liked a @ youtube video xzibit ft. mobb deep - eyes may shine (remix) 
and good grief, i can take punishment far worse than a boot to the chest. 
first time i knew abt @ sonitaalizadeh was bcs she made an awesome collab with @ miyavi_official in his song "long nights". she is an awesome rapper and everyone should support her! please show her some love! also you should check the song. it's … 
i conditioned my children early not to expect “crafts”. i’m not that mom. 
i don’t think he wants me on this trip he’s sassy 
no sadly, but i'm here this week, let's hang out ! 
hello, i can certainly understand your frustration at missing a game! if you could send me a dm with your name and phone number i'd be happy to look into this further for you! -bjb 
i thought parts of it where that(omar’s death for instance). the whole thing is a parody. 
burger king better have my crown in stock i tells ya 
#linkedinchat hello all! i'll be hosting for @ linkedinexpert tonight! 
if anyone wants to know how my week is going here it is: mikey crashed his car and i accidentally drank a spitter... 
hello new followers, i am very much in love with the raptors 
ya know i love drawing horny art i know i havent posted much of it but soon 
am i insane for thinking that david wagner has been over hyped? i mean huddersfield play hideous football. his side was fun to watch in the championship a few years ago tho. 
aye, i’d gladly take her off yer hands matey 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist tea with tati: dating 
if i won the lottery i would buy a house just for all the doggies. and they would have everything they need. 
sorry, i’m just throwing myself a pity party right now.., 
i won't ever get noticed but.... @ calum5sos follow me please?????i feel like a lot of us feel really desperate once we found out.... 
@ tmobile revvl is probably the worst phone i have ever purchased. #tmobile #phone #android #technology 
i surprised ayo thomians don’t eat iguanas. ayo geh more iguana than chicken 
“i’m just here so i won’t be fined” 
@ h3artlessw i know your kids and yourself need new xbox’s as they are having issues saw this and thought of you … 
i'm so excited for my nyx order i'm finally getting a teal lipstick 
i can’t take some of y’all serious 
i held your hair back when 
i just backed @ sassyblack_ third album "ancient mahogany gold" on @ kickstarter & you should too! 
i think a coupled along with the whole incident have been referred for investigation. 
until i bust … 
the man literally wants to be president forever. he’s already hinted at it. he would tear up the constitution if he could. at this point all i’m asking for is a decent human being whether they be dem or rep to run this country. 
the audacity i have to try and give advice to someone about their well being while i fully hate myself is just amazing 
i say this every time it happens … 
i liked a @ youtube video happy halloween | animation meme | 
then call tomorrow! lol people suck, things happen, but don't let them ghost you. i've been on the other side of this sitch. 
i liked a @ youtube video lauren bousfield - dead eyes 
i once went to th #ap for straight news. it has been less and less that way. their article “amid bombs scare, call for unity shelved for political barbs” is one of their most biased reporting to date that i have read. shame on you! your blame is irresponsible and incorrect. 
please don't generalize about the right. you're better than that. oh, i'm not a megyn fan. 
e26e814e :battle id i need backup! lvl 120 godsworn alexiel 
i don’t see why people hate. this is raw talent … 
the questions asked were very partisan, in favor of schiff and sherman who only had to answer “we oppose the president”. i wasn’t expecting such a vocal audience but it seems everyone’s upset. 
did you make that yourself?! i want to see the whole fit! 
i think i remember hearing on one of @ larzmarie pods that ppl go into docs office & request to look “done” so it’s a thing (but born lip shape is also a factor imo) 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist how to make a shell vase ginny & benny 
this is awesome. i need this on a video. 
this pinned tweet i-.... stan 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist biggie smalls - notorious thugs 
i could never 
i’m a really bad influence on my roommate lol 
when i have work in 30 mins but don’t feel like getting out of bed , then i think of my paycheck ... 
i do! she’s so pretty..great couple! 
i feel more threatened by domestic terror and the @ gop taking away healthcare. #voteblue #ignorethescaretactics #savehealthcare #votebluetosaveamerica 
i’m going to a costume party with my friend and i forgot my costume at home and i made a joke saying hi i’m harley and i’m founding as a sheikh shipper and my friend started laughing owo i was making a joke im going as a pretty person 
i fell hard for this guy … 
i liked a @ youtube video i know religion is important and all... 
when everyone notices your glow i made this happen, nobody else 
it was a five parter, actually, and i don’t have a link, unfortunately. 
radicals are more the trend than the exception. i too have had my experiences here in venezuela; i think it arises from the inability of the individual to produce thoughts from their own and thus create a sophisticated opinion. 
this dialogue idndodndo especially this scene needs a kiss i mean this dialogue just porfa 
i am a qc and i can throw a kettle over a pub 
i finally got in touch with a dermatologist but they can’t see me for a month :( 
i cant play fighters worth a lick but darkstalkers has a special aesthetic place in my heart 
i love seeing u on the timeline bc ur always feeding me with not only clc content but also dc content. ur also one of my funniest oomfs and ur the reason i stan clc. u used to intimidate me alot but not anymore! 
psa: if you deal with this much pain from your period it is not normal and you should seek medical treatment !!!!! i lived with it for years until they diagnosed me with endometriosis!! the longer it’s untreated the worse it gets !!!! … 
i’m really bout to go crazy 
shepard smith must stay! not go! under no circumstances should this asshole be fired. it just adds fuel in their furnace. my conscience says that he is miserable at work anyway. and i love it! 
ion even rave but i wanted to go to escape): 
i’m from pittsburgh and from what i hear it was one of the places obama dropped thousands of illegals into. 
(lowkey following us) like "you know, when someone says something nice about you, you say thank you, all i said was you have a nice ass" and we were like well that wasn't nice at all and he kept arguing with us and slut shaming my friend because he felt so entitled 
enjoy these old photos of me and des ): i miss u 
if i am to do a pumpkin carving stream tomorrow what costume should i wear? 
*tattoo i was a lil lit 
i hate tv ads and any news channel that runs ads is not a proper news channel 
fuck yes, i can’t even speak about it right now. 
i literally love you … 
aye girl, i know you like the style and the tendencies, but uh, get over it, yuh 
when i try to be cool,i end up looking so uncool. i end up saying the worst things so moral of the story, dont be cool.just be your awkward dorky self and someone might find that cute one day 
my mom is explaining her job working with the big grants of money for hopkins and i don’t even do that job but i’m stressed 
last halloween i was clubbing in lima, peru now i have an excuse to stay inside/eat and watch horror films. #nogayclub 
if there's ketchup on it i'll eat it!! 
i realy dont know if this would mean that the leak is real or fake xd but shadow as a semi clone would be absolutely amazing 
not at all. i’ve had him blocked for quite a while. but because rational disconnect is the most predictable motherfucker, i unblocked him knowing this tweet would be there waiting. and i 100% stand by what i said. @ rationaldis 
why is drunk driving illegal for everyone when i’m totally capable of driving competently after a few beers? 
im sorry but i need it ok! 
they certainly do exist. independents that voted for obama in 2012 voted for trump in 2016. there’s statistical data that backs that up and i know as i’m one of them. moderates and independents decide elections. that’s always been the case. they used called them swing voters. 
==== v i p ==== retweet this follow all that like & retweet follow back all that follow you be active follow first turn my notifications on ===== let’s go all===== f o l l o w s t a r follow @ simplesmentesyl @ de_silvia_t founder of 
how can i move on when im still inlove with you 
i think we all know why usms the only agency there that didnt get a flag 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist da fat cat clique - da flow / live from fox valley 
i cherish these priceless moments since my daughter was born 
nothing left but the memories of when i had my bestfriend 
i took some sexy vids from the pit 
from now until my hair appt i'm giving up on doing it cause this shit just needs to be colored cut and conditioned!!! 
i would eat ass for a shredded chicken burrito 
the bartender at escape tried charging me for 4 whiskey/coke’s when i only ordered 3 and though i wouldn’t notice. 
i celebrated like it was 2012 
i can't wait for toni storm to become a star tonight 
dont @/me i just popping my ass to shimmy shimmy ko ko cock 
i went to school with a bloke called peter sellers. i don't think his parents realised. 
say what u want ... all i know is when that clock hits a certain time , ya phone better be down and ya behind in the bed getting some sleep 
is it just me or are there 20 different "national cat day"s scattered throughout the year... i've seen people post about it several times this year already. 
who is needing a main tessa? cause i am your girl. 
i wanna be the rain 
woohoo! it’s monday ! i love mondays! what 3 things are you most grateful for right now ? i am most grateful for deep breaths, for hot tea , and for having a computer ! … 
it really pisses me off when people ask me for pills like seriously? i take pills cus i need them you ignorant cunts 
i don't mind paying taxes and have no problem with the wealthy paying more than the poor. your further claims regarding waits are false. what we have now... rich paying least taxes. healthcare unattainable for 8.6% of population and substandard for over 45%. great numbers 
it’s hard finding a photographer. what i need is 40 images a month for x amount of $$ some lifestyle, some product photos. people will agree to this shoot 80 photos in 1 day and think that’s going to suffice i just have the same image 3 times just different angles smh 
i’m convinced kyrie is a human joystick! y’all see this shit … 
i didn’t say it was class but its consistency in the league which is all that liverpool really have to boast also given they haven’t beat anyone yet either beat off napoli if you want to bring up cl — liverpool are solid at the back but arsenal can play through anyone at home 
i love my lil pisces!!! 
thanks to @ thefarriswheel_ i am rewatching the office for probably the 5th time 
i'm not sure she knows who i am right now. 
i watch a few shows on mtv. a few times an hour they have a message , that is not sponsored, about not allowing hate or antisemitism to be acceptable. fucking mtv has more compassion and love for humanity than out shithole president. 
i’m ooto why are people protesting rdr2? 
i remember in the 1990s when gov't finally admitted a higher rate of certain cancers among wwii veterans (ie: my grandpa) who were exposed to radioactivity when working in hiroshima and nagasaki weeks after the bombs dropped. same lies still. no help for those sickened. still. … 
my daddy a real nigga i can’t even fake it with a fake nigga i cuts shit off fast 
hey erin! flipgrid is used daily all over the globe. i’d say no hesitation as long as school policies allow it. students can easily share or take turns with devices if there aren’t enough. 
i hope he wins. i really do... because @ betoorourke gives me hope that we will get through this. wow. more like beto, please. 
bad habits take time to break. this is second camp with cunningham...could make a difference. plus other variables, like pac fighting in us again (been a couple years...where's he gonna train, wild card?)...i wouldn't rule out ab having a shot. … 
i just earned the 'photogenic brew' badge on @ 
i think it’s so easy to hold him in such regard right now because they are winning. when they were below average from 2011-2016 he wasn’t so highly regarded. this game has ebbs and flows, people that look great now will look bad soon enough 
no yeah totally, i believe ariana doesn’t have much if any control over prices /: i just hope they make it a little better for what you gotta pay 
@ nba2k i appreciate the fact we dont have to finish games in rec when the other team quits, & automatically gets tha w!! #bossmoves 
i’ve done a lot of blocking tonight... no time for those who don’t respect my time. #findom #paypig #cashslave 
i do love me some conspiracy theories *insert @ shanedawson … 
update: i’m alive and the they only stuck me once … 
i suppose now would be a good time to go through all the business cards i received and follow all these lovely people. 
hah i can’t even fail my classes kit ! i already dropped out for a year ! 
my desk lamp just tried to attack me just now, the clamp must've come loose the last few days i've been messing on my desk 
i think thats an otter in save me mr tako. if so then this is my new favorite game! 
i'm definitely doing this to @ bryanbaise at ets one … 
watching the burbs and i forgot how amazing this movie is. 
realizing how long it's been since i last made out w someone 
i liked a @ youtube video reunited - nhl 19 - gm mode commentary - chicago ep. 6 
oh boi, tomorrow's my birthday :d i'm super excited about it!! qwq dude, yaaaay let's party xd 
i used to get really pissed if i missed sportscenter top 10 and had to wait a whole nother hour to see it 
i absolutely never did...that’s gross 
gosdamn it i wad playing bur now i actually cannoy type 
i texted my moms today “i know you can’t see the vision, but i need you trust me” 
my dm style: guess the somewhat obscure pop reference and i'll give you an inspiration die. 
i know. it's in the constitution. 
dinner is done just in time for #ghostadventureslive i think yes! 1 min i cant wait @ zak_bagans @ aarongoodwin 
i don't get fooled by these leads anymore, i just expect the comeback at some point 
hell yeah! i’ll b @the dj booth @approximately 1am 
@ gabcake i’m getting us these masks one day! i’ll make it happen haha … 
but i have a mccann jersey!!! 
at least hes having fun with you guys paying him to sit 
am i the only one that thinks kurran is brilliant? pure entertainment! #theapprentice 
brago fam i fucks with u (pause) but him giving big mom that cake was the equivalent of @ floydmayweather coming at you ready to throw hands but he says "nah im way too tired to fight u take the w" nd me in your corner like "dont worry brago i got u bro" n i throw him a redbull 
i see no pumpkin what is this 
i’m cracking up yo 
〝 well, i like horror so it wasn't scary... 〞 she looked up at him before turning. 〝 um... i don't have much friends.. only jake... i mean, i know like more people or two but i haven't spoke to them much.. 〞 
bitch we droppin bombs on you whip there like where he go i do this shit for fun but the truth nigga youz a hoe 
i’m glad you think those are basic human rights, many republicans don’t. ted cruz has passed 6 bills, his party has been in control of the senate for 3 years with him in office. beto has passed 3 bills, his party has been in control of the hor 0 years with him in office. 
who tryna give me $16,000 so i can buy an ae86 
made an exciting discovery at kroger today! i just happened to look up on the shelf, and what came across my eye? it was @bonebroths bone broth! heard lots of great things and awesome… … 
@ abbijacobson good luck tn at the vic! my soulmate @ mtvannie and i were beyond excited to meet you until we realized we bought tickets (back in august)....for your new york event....and not chicago (where we live and are) we’re dumb but we you forever. 
because of the inspiration of @ martysmithespn and all those (like me) living with multiple sclerosis, i’ve committed to run and finish the boston marathon in 2019. your generosity is appreciated. run boston. erase ms. … 
i don’t know any man in brum 
i'll be livetweeting tonight! #supernatural 
i dropped my phone when i was coming off the shuttle bus 
happy birthday mari! so proud of this little girl! everyday i thank god for blessing me with you! i hope that you enjoyed your day! she had award's day last week, she scored off the… … 
@ joesantagato & @ dannylopriore got my communicash () all fucked up. i just said “jeeezus christ” for the 10th time today, then “mm veggies, gotta get my nutch.” oh, and literally everything is fire. fak! 
freddie kitchens is a joke. greg williams is the name droppinist, own horn tootinist, guy i have ever heard speak. what a cluster f*%@this sunday is going to be. this may finally be #rockbottom #browns 
attn: @ realdonaldtrump - “i specifically requested the opposite of this"; immigration to u.s. reaches all-time high … # 
one can assume that after president trump has confiscated ill-gotten assets and cash illegally obtained by traitors & pedofiles he would have goodness knows some small surplus.i estimate any where from a billion to a zzzzzillion.dear viewer u work it out. 
i just found this video on dailymotion 
i stream them without even realizing 
i don't think there will be a desire to grow if i keep losing as i've not put in time to understand things 
i can't for @ christinaperri to step on my neck with her new music 
i have an idea!! how about we start with the giant waste of money on troops to the border to feed trumps attention seeking habit? maybe sensible campaign spending and not bought politicians, perhaps some of the trumps and ilk could start paying federal taxes. 
when i toured in a band and did a lot of... "where are we staying on the cheap" in places like wis dells or tallahassee or... between omaha and oklahoma city, we had good luck with econolodge 
guess i wash den see wat dre n way on... 
i'll take your word for it. i watched the trailer and it seemed like such a different show and so uninteresting. i'm going to skip it as well. this is how poorly hoc is doing. at this moment its not even trending on instantwatcher. usually it'd be at the top in both categories. 
i’m told bourbon is flowing. when hoos get going, the bourbon will kick in!! 
i miss ed davis @ forumbluegold 
i know, it's a severe case 
girl! i knew it! makes me so mad, playing with nina’s emotions like that. there’s no coming back for #valentine , fool. the writing is off there, cause i don’t think he would have done this. shame! #gh 
i’m going out tonight ! idc if i go alone i’m tired of ppls bullshit i’m getting fcked up 
"let me tell you about the night i've bragged about 9 million times before..." 
none of my assignments are done but i sure am. 
i am digging the lynn city band playing selections from “tommy” for our halftime entertainment 
thats what i stated.she should ask some christain if she font know.maseeh means one who is blessed with piety from cradle to the grave. @ xadeejournalist 
@ allynondus @ eraserhead_baby i had to see this so now you do too 
who is this farrakhan? seriously, why are you distracting us with this? he's not a player on the left. i couldn't pick him out of a lineup. who cares what bannon spins? it's always spin anyways. 
i’m mad no limit and cash money never made a collab album together 
my mama has been asking to eat at my job all week (we did on tuesday) like girl i’m not tryna see that place on my off days 
my eyes are frying i should go to sleep 
then i didn’t miss anything. 
i just found my new main 
i won a reward at monster legends! want to join? start collecting your team of monsters! … 
we alongside city voted for var if i can’t remember 
we only say that cause the way they bend to the dumbest criticisms. i just think it's funny how now that there's actual valid concern from the core audience blizzard is like "fuuuucccckk offfff" lol 
i just wanna look good for you good for you uhuhuhuh 
i hate having allergies literally been sneezing for an hour straight. my eyes are so red and itchy it’s scary. 
last relationship i had looked like this...... one ruff time and it all fell apart 
i need to order something with vegetables in it or i'll die. but i really wanna get burgers anyway 
someone anyone please help me figure out these stomach issues i can’t take it any longer 
i ruin things for myself all the time and then i complain about it like it isn’t my fault. 
i’ve got 13 likes for a youtube live stream... 2 more and i’ll do one. 
warren can’t sell shows out. i doubt that fight would even sell 5k tickets because who really knows them? both unknown because warren is a useless promoter 
go v! make some more songs we will be happy to hear it. i it when he was busking sunday morning in bv @ bts_twt #mtvemabiggestfansbts 
luckily i'm not a business. just a celebrity (in my own head). 
umm sorry i was trying to call the streamer/youtuber 
i thought these were to endorse candidates... 
you are the chosen one delirious! the one and only! 
go watch @ ryanwhisner do my makeup! i promise it’s hilarious via @ youtube 
meeting scooter was the closest i’ll ever be to actually meeting justin and now i wanna die 
some kids jus need a good ol ass whoopin.. some need regular ass whoopins i wouldnt dare try my mama like some lil kids jus simply outta respect 
thank god, i can actually sleep after tonight 
i liked a @ youtube video super mario 64 the green stars 
no money for shopping this year. i think i’m buying a cat instead 
i live a little in terms of supplies/materials because i really don't have much 
eh i know. it’s out there 
ahhh that's a great direction to head towards. you'll have so much fun. i hope you get chance to expolore those artists. 
i had three the other night. genuine. 
i've only listened to it twice my whole life please 
sarah from labyrinth? i agree 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist c2c - delta (official video) 
i’m so confused rn 
the one i did is 6”x3.5”, and limited to 4 colours. 
i don't think i can go this year (my mantra is now "focus! focus! focus!") but this is a great conference and you should consider going! … 
i love hearing that @ boisepd is moving forward with spanish classes. the curriculum looks 
i wanna praise you for not leaving me 
i liked a @ youtube video lucky foreigner with filipina beauty queens 
i miss the days when i was studying. they were lots of fun. 
actually having a great day today, maybe i just need to smile more lol 
i think we all are … 
my dog is happy when she eats and i just got her a counselling license on the internet. 
while driving through areas with houses that are widely spaced apart, i saw these mailboxes for the first time. pardon the ignorance but i had a moment of… … 
i hate closing ... i really hope i get a good schedule at my new job 
oh then i’d love to connect you! i was going to add more poets to the thread. the anthology is just this one — mahwash is brilliant and has brought together some great scholars and practitioners. i’m writing about afghan american women video artists. i can just email u sister! 
also, i really don’t want $10k of your money if i’m living under late-stage fascism. i’ll have a lot more problems to deal with. this isn’t a bet i’m trying to “win.” we’re all in this together. 
i mean that sincerely. the rise of the internet/death of buckley and the inability for the right's flagships to work as gatekeepers left a huge opening for scum everywhere to market their crap. he lept at the right time and made bank off it. 
oohhh that famous line again i'll think about it, i still have one week to decide 
i liked a @ youtube video reação do meu irmão mais novo ao saber que foi adotado (trollagem) 
god i keep getting all these spam texts today that i keep deleting immediately like i know voting is important but lose my number, last one read: “sterling it’s your mother, call me back it’s important!” 
i’m too live you gotta kill me twice. 
shoot out after also winning tomorrow at the show (i hope) … 
there was a point in the summer where i had panda express 30 days in a row. i’m gonna try and break that record and go for 40 days in a row starting tonight. will i die by the end of this? probably 
i’m being such a baby right now 
i've watched carol so many times that letterboxd just shows an exclamation point instead of a number for how many times i've watched it 
i wonder this! 
traffic is so bad i might likely miss my first flight in over 20 years. have 17 minutes left and am still 11 minutes away from airport. should be interesting 
i agree with this sentiment (although of course i love when you visit). the world needs to hold us accountable for our stupidity and tourism dollars is a good way for individuals to do that. 
i just missed the sunset in dc today but bright side, i saw the sunrise in san jose! … 
i do pet sitting, so it's time for me to hit evening rounds. i'll be back in a couple of hours. don't everyone drink all of the alcohol while i'm gone! 
wish i saw it after 
i feel like i need a christmas playlist from you 
i liked a @ youtube video rosie pushes caillou into a snake pit/grounded 
been home 1 hour from my stress relief vacay & i’m crying at the dinner table! what a wonderful world. 
like at this point i’m beyond drained 
@ egoraptor watching your youtube vid made me sad in my tummy - ggs is literally the reason i got into video games again and it's helped me so much through death of a friend, an anxiety disorder diagnosis and an abusive relationship (all in the last year.) 1/2 
i didn’t know it still applied to this year oops 
#ivoted but not before being asked for my sample ballot, then after offering to give the poll worker my name, my driver's license. it wasn't until i pointed out that california does not have a voter id law that she took my name. 
i did in fact petition for a shrek reboot. i will fight for that reality till my very last breath. 
yesss i love him. 
i had to go buy cbd gummies 
i was already semi ulting taehyung but 
i'll agree with that but collins is a stud. no problem with trading up but you better hit a home run when you do. the giants look like them because reese got cute after hitting on jpp and then drafted based entirely on measurables. 
i expect to wake up tomorrow to a lot of discussions on how the dems managed to lose this one. because this timeline is all about the right winning nominally impossible elections. 
o_o well, i suppose he couldn't wear lwft or right without dragging on the ground... what book, or can't you say? 
i'm so sorry this happened 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 5 days (since 3 jun 2012). and you? 
check out what i'm selling on mercari! spiderman funko dorbz … 
i just finished 48m:34s of doing circuit training with #endomondo 
wow! he’s gone full-tilt intersectional. the de facto socio-lingua franca of cosmopolitan progressive elites. good for him! i hope he gets all the awards & international acclaim be strives for so cravenly. thanks for the screenshot! premium content! 
everything i say is everything i said. i been this. 
(perfectly fine, i get off to the idea of getting dommed by cinder) 
every night lately before i go to bed i make a list of things i want to do the next day and then i feel really good about myself when i get home and tick them all off loser ... 
i’m in! 
also great, i cooked dinner then my sister, her husband and her kids show up unannounced so much for leftovers 
still not seeing why this plan for "simple segwit softfork in a week" was passed over in favor of a ~11 month ultracomplex rearchitecture of bitcoin. must be something i'm not getting. @ pwuille (...or just nobody thought of doing it this … 
i miss them :( 
i think a lot of rumors have been fabricated about our idol rockstars 
i’d say no; yes if there’s a cost to it 
i don't think we have anything to worry about because trump cannot make whitaker ag unilaterally. mistake #816 for trump. 
so i just found out my parents put our dog down... 
yes, your tweet is visible. was that what you were checking or do i misunderstand? 
yooooo’ wildin 100! i just don’t understand it 
thank you. i need to clarify that my daughter was critically injured at columbine but survived. if she had been shot by an ar-15 style assault weapon, she would not have survived. i wrote about that too: … 
well if she 15 i'm 15 huehue 
the same thing goes for poc & women’s rights. i just don’t understand how you can be an ally of a group of people, but then put leaders in charge that make it harder for them to live a normal life. 
i can’t wait to have my own house & family & host holiday events christmas is going to be a whole show 
i just entered to win tickets to see amy schumer at the paramount theatre in oakland! 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 6 months (since 9 may 2010). and you? 
i cheer for bobby flay every time. 
perhaps not by score, but worst loss i ever was at was in chip kelly’s last season, against the bucs. prior to that, i’d never left any game before the two minute warning. left that game near the end of the 3rd qtr. i was that disgusted. 
lmfao yesss tell me why the other day i was googling polly pockets hoping they still exist 
do i make a reaction video to a song i heard months ago for bants is what i wanna know xxx 
gonna rant**** i’m at orange leaf with bella (one of bffs (who happens to have down syndrome)) and the guy at the register does her transaction first. she pays for everything with cash to learn money management. anyway...he didn’t give her change or a receipt and i noticed.. 
i just wanna cry..... they are amazing.....they break my heart … 
i know, one of the most underrated frank songs 
i don't want to say his behaviour was selfish though. i guess you mean in general? 
i’m gonna eat 30 slices of pizza and drink until i can’t feel my problems anymore 
i'm here for this interactions thanks 
i'm a professional barista 
one of the nurses at my work keeps saying “oh look it’s the devil” every time i enter the room she is in. i just want to know who told her? 
i hate the way i loved you. 
best tweet i've read today! 
i finally experienced dice's kachaang drrrrrrrr chinchinchirin 
wait where is frank in all this...? i swear all night i was thinking about who is dead 
so they rang his doorbell? i'm behind. 
good man. i remember when i lived there going down to the holes on carson st and seeing people drink ic light and tomato juice. 
next time i come over, i’ll play with your hair 
why do i have a good one 
and i’m out #moneymade 
believe me i am extremely concerned. democrats do not play by the rules. something must be done to change this fact. maybe a ten year prison sentence would leave an impression. 
i got bored lmaooo what ur deal? 
- yes i gotcha! x) … 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 4 months, 26 days (since 15 jun 2012). and you? 
i’m not a person with threads but i was just tryna telling those dming me that i’m not interested, it’s been a rough year and i just wanna drink and enjoy my hard work. ubumnandi buyasetyenzelwa, i worked really hard guys 
i liked a @ youtube video r/woooosh top posts of all time 
hey dude i’m sorry you’re so sick about the super bowl keep your head up 
i'm just making a pot. come on over 
i just earned the 'hella delicious! (level 23)' badge on @ 
no. there is no reason for your shorty driving to cause more people to be in danger. learn to drive or get off the road. i would love there to be a driving test every 2 years and way stricter on take peoples license away. … 
calum's hair is so wavy i love … 
i have 2.500 subs 
i want to go to sleep, it’s 1 am in my country and you don’t stop tweeting 
we are one of a kind, irreplaceable, how did i get so blind and so cynical? 
is he asian? i saw a man vastly underdressed in a t shirt and flip flops with bandages on his foot on my walk around 11 am along maple valley highway by the starbucks. just sharing as he was very out of place in 49 degree weather. 
its ok i should not be hard on myself with my art i will continue to improve 
i have no words 
racist rot is entrenched in some places. feed off each other. yes, i’ll call it. mackay. lnp & alp base supporters. mines workers - bikers. heaps of them. men & women. some kiwis. work together. booze together. toys & boob jobs. breed clones. dumb & dumber white supremacists. 
still sad i wasn’t able to give jonah my coin and see mid90s in the theater 
aww lol my gf played league, too i think is there something about ow she doesn't enjoy? 
so i had the perfect weekend with the loml 
i don’t know but he nice asf at that moonwalk 
@ bonthius congrats on an amaaaazing campaign! are you coming to dc? i'm keeping an eye out for the future job postings for @ ocasio2018's dc office! 
once i get a sample, i want more & more. 
i voted avengers: #infinitywar for #themovie of 2018 for tonight's #pcas! cast your vote by clicking on your choice below and see who wins by watching live at 9/8c on e! 
an exploration of #fortnite sounds and #asmr this is worth your time. i have added chapter links in the description of the video to make your exploration easier. 
i have been on twitter for 5 years and 5 months (since 12 jun 2013). and you? 
lowkey crying. i wanna have my own family rn 
i’ll take it. 7-2. 
i liked a @ youtube video shulk and the rest 
strategy insights & planning consultant - intern, london, … 
i hope everyone knows that if they’re ever in crisis or just having a real cruddy day they can always text me 
i love being emotionally unstable 
i heard about that from others too. even in shanghai's most prestigious xu hui district has bring the price dramatically down & will be continued. i have never went to shanghai, but many are talking about it. 
when i’m not active on here u are whattt 
i’d be really really grateful if you could gift the song?? ty for the opportunity 
i know i have learned lots over the years in regards to what i read, things that make me go hmmm and things that make me go ohhh, thats a good point. always learning in this biz :d 
i don't have a lot of reason not to believe her, i don't think. i mean, i'm generally skeptical of anyone in sports if only because of toxic masculinity which i presume runs deep, but i really didn't get the impression that dipoto would also be that guy. 
5 day work week and next week i’m not coming in.... 
thank you! took a ton of internal debating trying to decide what goes where. i think i did my best! 
thought i might try a new style, i’ve heard looking like a charter bus seat is the new thing 
i’m trying to stay away from the drugs but maaaaan they be calling me like i owe them money 
seems like i’m the only one caring about layla’s needs lol typical. 
he’s a heartless bastard. i hope the red cross is there. stay safe … 
@ ifeelblessed_ ummm i think you are nice. 
the warmth of her skin, as well as the gentle touch, was... soothing in a way he hadn't even thought of feeling for quite a while. "i... it was my bad. i shouldn't have agreed to come upstairs knowing that my body was still in process of healing my lung. i should have just ~ 
haha, who am i kidding i do too. also eat the occasional wrapping, they get stuck in certain candies. 
i write them in my head all day at work 
i’ve been on board with him since he lit the summer league up just need more of him , he’s showing he should be on the court 
showed so much love dat people done took advantagewanna go away wish i can go and vanish 
it's like she's really down-to-earth dang she's so cool can i die 
loving lani hours: wide open !! when i'm back prepare for soft 
internet explorer - how can i set css only for specific ie browsers? - stack overflow #webdev #php 
i don’t leave anything to chance 
for anyone keeping up, i’ve finally come down firmly on the side of anti teddy coat 
i’m my brother’s twin lol 
uploading now and will definitely share it your way. i did find venom fun and hilarious and don't shy away from my true feelings lol, all in good fun! 
i have a lot of hair rn bc i can 
love it when you slut around so if you do i'm well up for it if you are? you tell me what to do and i'll do it babe xx 
i’d love this bundle :p if i got it it would be the second physical disc i own all the other 500 is digital :) 
i definitely understand this. but mi pree seh mi can tek a break from the life experience thing n start learn from others mistakes zeen i'm recuperating n in the words of ari grande mi nahve nuh more bawling a bawl 
i don’t think it’s love if you don’t go through things that’ll test your relationship. i never knew of one that was perfect. … 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: men’s extra large chaps button up plaid shirt. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
how do i know i’m not completely evil?! i *never* laugh maniacally alone in a room after revealing my bad intentions. so, *phew*. so glad. 
hi amina i'm a web designer and would be happy to help. my site is my dm is open, i'd love to discuss the details. thanks, karl 
i have been on twitter for 8 years and 22 days (since 24 oct 2010). and you? 
i agree!!!!! what i'm hearing is there is no real front runner. she needs to go....go faaaaar away..... 
nah i know how the baseball writers are 
true if they are to speak and vote against it, they will have to resign before that. i'd be inclined to do it the same day, taking advantage of may's inability to think on her feet. 
i don’t believe anything that comes out of that shell … 
love it!!! i may be sending my vest to you to help me out!!!!! 
there is a few people that i know who were always asked is your friend single and they were constantly slept on. all of them are beautiful ass butterflies rn and yall missed the fuck out. 
i am disgusted. 
i was going to give you credit, but you jumped the gun. [leaves these ladies to it, ventures off to find something dark and dirty.] 
guys!!!! i’m going to my first #wrestlemania thanks to @ mynameisraph !!!! @ wwe @ wrestlemania @ 
if you think that’s creepy try getting video calls from weirdos in india who i don’t know how they got access to my information 
im dead ass cool with alot of people soo if i aint cool with you or someone there’s a problem 
i've just watched episode s04e02 do no harm of outlander! #outlander 
@ michelleobama i got it! congratulations! #becoming 
i liked a @ youtube video kingdom hearts amv: shatter me by lindsey stirling 
i think he’ll play against fsu 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 17 days (since 30 may 2012). and you? 
exactly...the dems have to take the moral high ground, but they have to remind the country how the gop and fox news covered for trump these past 2 years. i'm going to enjoy watching guys like rubio defend a no vote in 2020. 
two questions. do you have a web site? could you personalize a dozen in time for christmas? 
i know the is random, but i love how concisely you said this. 
i can consistently get to like 145/150 lines in tetris marathon, but the speed always murders me there 
idc i’m gonna see the bts movie this weekend , it’s worth my money 
a lot of it involved me going back through and reading episode titles/descriptions. i did relisten to a few of the frost/christman eps and the patton oswalt one 
i'm playing with this site 
me n patrycia were making exo jokes to get on people's nerves bc they were being annoying n they were like "these fucking exo ls" according to charlotte i was 
gundham removed his bandages, revealing a skeletal hand. gundham's red eye flashed green. "you may have weaved, but i have unraveled realms through my power!" chanting something in a demonic language, the hand shot a stream of concentrated acid at a tree, melting it in seconds. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist cute white hungry cats - feed the cats ! 
give me one reason why you don’t like @ nancypelosi i get that we need change, lots of new blood in the house, but we are in “unknown territory,” like serious dark times. we need someone with real experience capable of stopping the chip-chip-chipping away at our democracy. 
yup i forgot peepli live. matru i didn't watch so had no clue what is was about. 
i didn't even know armys in pittsburgh existed why is it so packed in this theater 
i’m so tired of getting id’d and them telling me it’s not my id. it’s literally just me with brown hair now give me my juul pods bitch. 
we don't have one nearby, i gave him to some nice hairdresser ladies 
all i want for my birthday tomorrow is a ticket to the friday night buffalo show. and maybe another snow day. … 
once i finish this assignment my weekend will officially begin 
i certainly watch cliff hope he singing 
speaking of disney churro i think i lost my free churro coupons 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 12 days (since 5 jun 2012). and you? 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist plastilina mosh - mr. p-mosh 
my 1st album i bought thank you dude. 
i could take u to topangaaaaa 
i don’t blame you ,if i’d bought one, and found out she wasn’t going i’d gave mine away . lana & bex always awesome people and great actresses,and such loving hearts. 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: mens white dress shirt. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
wifi is still out and i still hate my life 
i understand the rest, but why baseball ?? 
aw i love you so much and right back at you 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist red dead time lapse 
strip clubs are lit !!! i’d def go with you if i were there 
[hey you started it and i’m not wrong ritsu is literally in izumi’s hands- 
keep distance i'm a complicated person haha 
i’m hard to read, i know 
after watching the matrix trilogy again , i can confirm that, not a single pair of sunglasses were harmed during the making of these films. 
for your patients' sakes, i truly hope your medical skills far exceed your feeble attempt at political humor. 
first i was nervous and svared of u andnow i just see u as this emoji 
dosed — i'm watching 9-1-1 #911onfox @ 911onfox via @ telfieapp 
(to sakamoto) "sorry, but despite how i look, i really love this planet." 
find a time that everyone is awake like im in europe i cant watch u every time 
i have been on twitter for 6 years, 5 months, 13 days (since 5 jun 2012). and you? 
well i laughed. i'd say that put them in their plaice...... 
i’m seeing shawn mendes omg with one of my best friends irl called lily 
would you consider an organization that wants to reduce the world's population to half a billion a terrorist organization? what is their weapon? mind control. they make you believe they don't exist by making fun of 'conspiracy theorists' like … 
lol. same. it's awesome and i'm happy. 
i remember the feeling of seeing this in the theater...the fastest way to get everyone to hate your new villains is to watch people scream as they get wiped out in genocide, i guess 
i hate the human experience 
mikes had a good day and well i thought he deserved a treat so i dived into the bottles i bought and gave him this one. he did really appreciate it. 
i’m in a mood to complain. cramps are the worst. 
my daughter’s latest quiz grade. honestly i think i’d be more concerned if she’d gotten a 100 
i liked a @ youtube video only hope - regine velasquez [ regine at the movies ] 
i've got the #chargers teased down to -1 but i never trust rivers and this team no matter what regime is in charge. other half of teaser was steelers 0. 
texas state fired their coach. i’ll be waiting for a phone call to fill the vacant position. 
more focused on food reviews but i’ll be adding travel to it, as time goes by i’ll be introducing the other colours in the jar and revealing some other stuff to review 
i have been on twitter for 6 years and 8 months (since 19 mar 2012). and you? 
had a blast cheering on my kiddos! mhs- great job! my excite! babies killed it! fmhs- way to make this alumni proud! y’all looked awesome! @ lhsfarmercheer so proud of you guys! very happy i get to work with y’all! @ lcs__cheer wow! blessed to work with you talented ladies! 
lmao i love how it has more votes than no. 
@ mrbeastyt i live in south carolina and i’m wondering how many cookies i have to send you to meet you? 
i think it's c 
i’d love to see an all-woman panel for a topic that’s not specifically about or “for” women. #culturefix 
i liked a @ youtube video ridin dirty 
these kids so annoying i love them but gotdammit lemmelone 
susan from the church college ministry had alexa and i felt like i was in a get out/black mirror mashup 
*this is me right 
bruh i knew i needed to come to walmart for something and now i’m here and i completely forgot what i came for 
friendly till you give me a reason to not to be. @ sxrahios too late i had to 
i'm the weakest q le hago 
i maybe be getting a two day week. but that doesn’t mean i’m not also working with over 50 elementary kids on wednesday, on top of that lifeguarding for them while they swim. we all going through pain wednesday (: 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: lululemon jacket size 6. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
'cause you're the apple to my pie (pie) you're the straw to my berry (berry) you're the smoke to my high (high) and you're the one i wanna marry (marry) kinikilig ako 
unpopular opinion but im glad i have school tomorrow y'all are just lazy and are using the air quality as an excuse 
your reaction will always be funny. i’m sorry … 
will be reading @ michelleobama book "becoming " i am so proud if you first lady. 
i'm not a centrist. i understand how elections and the federal govt work. you are still residing in bernie fantasy land. i expect the older and more experienced you get the more you will see that your good intentions and purity requirements are unrealistic. 
|| ; thank you, i guess the lore-name wasn't really fun... … 
aww how am i supposed 2 trip someone with no feet 
t_____t i understand that! maybe take a break for a while? draw in a wildly dif style n u might come back w fresh eyes 
this would be a dream come true. i can't tell you how obsessed with makeup i am @ kochan_sarah @ snell2512 #freebiefriday 
gonna spam the tl with pictures/video of let's go eventually sorry in advance y'all but i'm loving my time with this game. 
i was asking myself that question when we lost to buffalo. 
i should have been using this all along. 
i can bring snow to you? 
deep state, not him ! he has exposed the corruption of washington far worse than we thought. i will forever thank him for that. i don’t know people the economy is much improved! i’ll take it 
adam habib is racist..so i'm not surprised at all. 
