i told y’all 2018 is my year 
i love how your new label is taking everything into consideration... a true team that wants you to be successful … 
etrusco coin. the next cryptocurrency. ico is now live: 
@ paulsims13 triplett fox & hound hotwire 3388 live wire circuit tracing kit with tone generator and probe is now on sale for $170.14 at amazon. product page: … 
one of my new twitter activities is blocking all promoted tweets' twitter accounts. i hope this tweet doesn't somehow jinx this, but then again it's 2018 now and the world is a wild place. #loserstatus 
who is that stephen? 
baby don't worry about a thing. cause every little thing is gonna be alright. 
my main goal for 2018 is to be friends with the cast of stranger things and if that doesn’t happen then idk what’ll happen but i’ll be real sad. @ stranger_things 
happened in the first half lol. this is a college football expert ladies and gentlemen. overrated sec defense. 
bleh, barthel misses 5bps at start of 2nd, and is then broken next game. 
did u know that due to a legal loophole every major comedy network is obliged to have a sarcastic white man at a desk show … 
so excited that red clocks by @ lenizumas is a pick for botm this month! i've had my eye on it for months now 
camron is a little boy in a 40 year old’s body oh boy! 
my twitter valentine is going to be: @ justflne find yours at … 
"a canadian biologist is fighting back against the rapid decline in amphibian populations with a love potion... 
“at least” is another one. 
the world health organization is a mental health condition. 
breakup is a new chance to groom your personality– article … 
-toxxie sits off to the side, looking at the ren'dorei who bounds from the shadows. a brow lofts high before waving at her.- hello! my name is toxxie. you are adorable and we can be sisters of the void. but don't cross me because i will cut you. 
magpie is out of her mind. not a reporter or journalist, a shill. 
zinke is still trying as hard as hell to get the "biggest jackhole of 2017" award. don't worry ryan, you are still in the running. 
there is something more to this story-not enough detail or background, when was he charged? what was he charged with? sloppy auto reporting. 
the white christmas episode is wild wowzers. 
elizabeth #nj usa - general laborer - our company works in construction and is looking for dedicated in shape people to d … #edison #job 
this pain is just too fucking much man. at this point im just tryna die without hurting my mom 
he faked injury at the start of the season and missed our crucial champions league qualifier. he’s probably doing the same again. that is not what i call giving 100% 
praying that the latino community stays strong and united in a year in which everything is going to be against us . 
driving on the motorway in this rain is the absolute worst. thanking god for journey mercies 
xsport or la fitness?? i'm joining one before january is over. 
gonna try and stream once i’m home. praying my internet is better today 
@ tlmlovesdogs sure hope this is wrong. … 
most bittersweet feeling: realizing that you probably don’t have the disease you are looking up on webmd because one of the symptoms is weight loss and you are much fatter now. 
oh and for you to try to connect this to the logan paul situation is disgusting. fucking mouthbreather. … 
he is a hot mess.... did we win the game after he did that last time? #repeatoffender 
if my plumbus is broken, who do i call to get my fix bro. 
i feel like you must have read saving francesca! so it is useless recommending it to you 
both qbs looked so uncomfortable in their last action. bradford & teddy were not ready to be hit. both guys are warriors - you just cant play qb if you believe your leg will collapse on a routine hit. teddy needs preseason progression. sam can play if his knee is better. i doubt. 
how else is fb gonna catch up to two days ago? 
i like that i'm grown but i'll always be a big ass kid... we got robots so where is the time traveling machine?!! 
#xauusd #spot gold #gold short term technical opinion 4th of january 2018 as long as price remains pressured to close below usd1316.37 per oz, seeing a probability of nice pullbacks towards usd1299.20 per oz atleast for pre-nfp. usd1268.79 per oz is also a nice price to watch. 
every 19 minutes, a baby is born with an opiate addiction in the u.s. having to withdrawal as a newborn because your parents are hopelessly addicted to drugs is unspeakable. and it just gets worse every day. this is a national health emergency. 
current @ trainerbase featured #trainer is: neil farnworth ) at 
reality check: trump raised your taxes, trashed billion dollar travel industries with the travel ban, allows industry to destroy the land & pollute your water, left puerto rico without food or water & is now going after your medicare & social security. plus... he's a traitor. … 
hip hop chicken’s catfish nuggets w| mac&cheese w| banana pudding as desseet *yummm * ... dinner it is #idntfeellikecooking 
this is really very funny 
how is this weapon still making unfunny videos … 
your crush is walkin' next to u just act normal,, 
@ phlschools nbc10 is reporting you're closed tomorrow. nothing on your website - can you verify? 
is that halsey? 
§ the amount of energy needed to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than that needed to produce it 
my lil guy as well, he is blind and toothless but pulls it off 
this comedy club is taking it to the next level with the most relevant & amazing thinkers on the planet. @ lollydaskal 
who is ready for a new video? 10 likes and i will make my new video public! going to follow a ton of people that leave a like on the video! 
look at his face. he is struggling to hold the hot air in. he is a traitor. … 
@ brianstelter is a clean shaven head on anderson cooper's mom's cunnilingus technique list....give your lady a smooth ride? brian, has about a follow up cunnilingus story from your mom!!!! 
bullshit. head of usada? this is some absolutely shameful click-bait. this references an interview done on @ joerogan's podcast by jeff novitzky, the vice president of athlete health and performance for the ufc, who is not employed by usada. 
newsflash- ripple is not crypto lol- its not. for the millionth time. 
hahaha...trump is so embarrassed when the lady refuse him #topbuzz … you know how it fills. 
he's not the coach is just dumb and needs his "vet" brandon manning out there to show the kid how it's done 
working on a national tax plan specifically surrounding commerce and enterprise. tax will be low, tax will be fair and tax will not extort the public. lithuania's economy is in safe hands with this government. we're ready to get to work! 
delingpole: the frozen u.s. is paying a terrible price for green lies - breitbart … 
this is the worst thing i’ve seen all year … 
**correction: their family is just prude 
here is last night’s episode. 1st one of 2018. @ … 
now you guys need to chill. honestly if clair the peacemaker here is lost we are all doomed. i didn’t see anywhere stuart said such a thing. if my broodmares acted like this i’d take them out behind the barn and hit them smartly around the neck and shoulders with a crop. 
why visit the biblioteca marciana? the biblioteca marciana (marciana national library) is one of the museums that we can´t miss in venice. 
it’s time now? how about maybe right after the disasters? jc your party is self serving and just sucks. 
i heard #presidentbannon is the only reason you got elected 
ok the snow is pretty and all but i’m tired of driving in it 
what the heck is a dad hat? 
i wanna get torays back now that cheria is soon ah 
i hate going to the moline planet fitness because everybody is there which is fine but when they just stare at you while you working out it makes people feel uncomfortable. 
gg’s to @ exitiumeu - gave is a great series but we came away 3-2 winners! we now move to 3-0 in the @val_onlinehq league in group g! 
once they convert to gc, they get off the radar. so it seems only indians are on h1b (immigrating). however, if you see, there are many other ethinic groups whose population % in us is much higher than indians. with all these barriers, still indians are richest ethnic grp in us. 
@ grannyb_paint what is it like to live like this? i'll explain meticulously, one tweet at a time / will try to minimise swearing. 1/13 
and this is the reason the wh has decided to increase off shore drilling so the president can take credit for it later in the year... 
it is not hard to believe this woman is your mother , 
ken making his own meme is my aesthetic 
today is 2018-01-05 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
#ephorize @ cupcakke_rapper i think this is your best album yet !! 
me: no more clothes shopping, i have plenty. me to me: everything in your closet is trash. 
this is me … 
garlic is like being in heaven! you can feel it @ sammyalbon 
how is lisa lisa so hot what the fuck seriously 
okay guys igot7selcaday is tomorrow and im ready :) 
don't underestimate the power of patience. value investing is an arbitrage against time. … $ volv #cevian #valueinvesting #timearbitrage read: … @ sethklarman $ mbi $ 
you're right. it is popular and martin luther king jr. would be ashamed. 
what political philosophy is this 
@ bluebunf great now joonie is available to play :( 
a shop full of pretties @touche de paris, here is a very small sample #frenchstyle… 
this is it we dragged namjoon into the game #btsoutcast … 
pepsi is better than coke 
roberto firmino is my premier league player of the month #fifa18 @ easportsfifa 
“success in life is the result of good judgment...” -anthony robbins 
this is how we roll 
this is a fantastic thread. i need to put my list together 
i just got panchero’s for the first time in probably 3 years....forgot how incredible it is 
the most american i can think of is the concept that pity/sympathy is not a form of degrading behavior. equality comes when empathy requires no remorse and good deeds require no validation. 
today is 2018-01-06 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
this tweet is 10000000% serious my mother just met selena gomez at the branford truck stop!!!!!!!!????!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?? 
usd poll : who is your favorite arrowverse big bad? 
u will regret saying he is lying !!! 
it is possible to know who visits you on twitter 
my breakfast for today is two boiled eggs and one citric fruit too. 
his gf's name is cinderella. 
japan is the key counter-example. i've heard of modern monetary theory which is on these lines, but i'm not well-versed in economics enough to judge the pro's and con's, so i just said "it's controversial." which, i suppose, describes almost every theory in economics. 
" of course is it, it's stinky, it would make me puke if i had the power to actually." he's badly damaged, he can't really move that much. 
to all those who have read dead centre, there is now a sequel, and to those who haven't you have a treat in store 
// well thats weird... when my got broken i replaced it and i didnt have to poid the man who set the new one. but i guess there is different where are you. … 
it is even better than the #gorrillachannel ! 
ahhh you know what is absolutely crazy? this is so like me and my bf! i actually created a little comic thingy like this yeeears ago for him x3 though more of me curling up in his feathers xd i'm a little ginger cat and he's a giant floofy raven~! thats so crazy and sweet hehe 
stream is live!! 
anyone who has the spiritual durability to watch black mirror s4 after surviving all 365 days of 2017 is too powerful and should be feared 
what is there to do in toledo on saturday night? somebody through a lil kick it or something. 
as usual you are totally out of touch bernie. a secure country that is safe, prosperous, and leading us all back to a government that is for and by the people ( not elite politicians) is what the american people want. we are well on our way by god's mighty hand! #restoration! 
so if lemar leaves monaco to join liverpool in january, is he a snake too? 
@ informed_ai network is growing @ awards_ai @ events_ai @ vocation_ai @ showcase_ai @ neurons_ai please follow and rt if you support our efforts 
come on boys!!! this is where we make our comeback 
it’s only cute when someone you like is obsessed with you otherwise it’s creepy af. 
yes i am a fandom mommy. the prolapse is from the mpreg 
this is odd. you and i have thought about tweeting the exact same tweet today. 
trouble with geraghty's article is he seems to imply the democrats have adopted, mistakenly, the wrong strategy to deal with trumpism. but it soon becomes clear there is no strategy...the dems simply can't help being unhinged because it's simply who/what they are 
this is real power. … 
cece: your daniel is not a proper companion. #gossipgirl um. i’ll take him! 
you never know who is watching and being inspired. 
i'll run through whoever is in my path of my bracket. >:) 
#callmebyyourname is my only reason for watching #goldenglobes 
i can’t sleep what is wrong with me 
cousins is the man to go after now? 
warning- truth & #realtalk is often more frightening than fiction - why speak of ugly ??- to… 
mj is the one and only goat like he is the king of the entire world even if he’s dead 
the damn dot on the smile is there again 
@ tariqnasheed officer roger jones is the person in both 
alison brie and dave france are so beautiful together my heart is swelling 
when tailgating is a good thing. truck platooning paul martin 
the flaming hot tea is that i’m never gonna hate anyone more than i hate my mom 
which #peanutbutter texture is better? #qtna 
what is normal?!?!?! 
#momlife #truth is that i managed to not film #thecutiekira setting… … 
keralis i haven't missed an episode of your ylands adventure yet. every episode is so much fun. ty and keep up the amazing work! 
"articulation motors" is back in stock at "wolf 1458 / townshend vision" … 
i think in this era of trump, everyone has lost their mind. oprah is as qualified as trump to be president - the difference is she knows this. 
when black and cleavage meet. i was thinking black jeans and a black turtleneck, but what do i know. the cause is real, except when it comes to a designer dressing me. oh, goodness, is that a photo op?? gotta go... 
there is nothing that winds me up more than being ignored 
there're now 3 vols of 5 stories on megan the psychic celtic teen from south wales. the 1st is free on kindleselect 
so happy to see that another large event is being held on lake banook. adckc is fabulous. did my first co-op there. 
thanks! sadly, this is the twitter page for travelodge hotels australia & new zealand - other than sharing the same name we actually have no affiliation with the us based travelodge. you can reach them at the facebook page here - take care 
this is our year 
i don’t think your good lord heard you. maybe if you pray hard enough, he will tell you my religion since you’re so interested. my religion doesn’t need to be in this argument. therefore, it isn’t. stop patronizing me and assuming what it is. 
wot-in-constellation: skyliting: anarchoclintonism: this is now the money rabbit, reblog for a leap... 
why is mental break down time always after lucy falls asleep i hate my life and i hate everything i just spent nearly 2 hours tidying my room for absolutely no reason bc of the disorganisation n i have restarted my meds bc chemicals in my body i am so tired of myself 
@ ladidadi777 аdsharеs is а decentralized marketрlaсe for аdvеrtising. сustоm dеvеlоped blockсhаin. тokеn sale еnds оn 12th jan! 
if anyone ever has a problem with something i’ve said or done, please tell me so i can apologise and sort myself out. i’m extremely clueless so sometimes i don’t realise if i’ve said or done something wrong, & i really do mean well so the last thing i want is to hurt someone 
me: h- ashlee: bitch i always look good excuse me. *tweets screenshot of song @artist* this song is so good the only perk about living in nz is i get songs early 
america being trump's "america is great again"... 
trust me, we’re all still talking about what blatant chaos a completely gop controlled government is in right now. 
i am super wack and finding no motivation to talk to anybody and so tempted to even turn my phone off tomorrow... argh this is how i am going to lose friends 
you are great,job is looking for you 
why is there no good way to collect stuff. 
thank you . god bless you and your family. the support of many people like you is very inspiring and gives me hope. 
how much of these costs do you think lonzo is fronting? 
thank you but no thatnk you. roman is wrestling and rollins and balor are both shirtless. last time i watch a video during wrestling i ended up crying (blame you task) 
how is ut — idk i ain’t there lol i’m on winter break … 
sad truth: current status in america, country is in broke, american dream is dead, and killary clinton cares russians more than americans. 
what i noticed is player a went right back into the game. zero accountability at bama as long as you contribute to the saban legend … 
i know i get so emotional about it and the furniture is crazy expensive to buy 
beef is only good when u the burger business....but u always see me wit the same 5 guys 
he was one of his fiercest, most vocal critics. pulled out all the grahamesque apocalyptic language and everything. the 180 is...bizarre. 
@ chyna_cymone is the only c(s)ymone i’ll listen to … 
heard on @ npr: “reading is a long conversation about how to exist and how to live a good life.” 
it is ok! but this does help confirm that i am the only person in the world that likes her. 
though i imagine his rejected work is something i would still spoon my eyes out to have written. 
which is the first word that comes up your mind when we talk about carlox? #askcarlox 
try tackling it like a puzzle. outline the edges of your story and then pants away as you go from edge to edge. that's what i did with writing and it really helped flush things out that i didn't even intend, but my foundation is still there 
laughing for 20 minutes at a ditigal bagel is going me the strength to get through this ap chem studying @ konokat4 
is there some kind of generator for this? 
so sad to see the poaching and abuse of our beautiful #somaliland cheetahs. if they survive they are then used as ‘pets’ by middle eastern playboys. we somalilanders have a legal and moral duty to look after the incredible gift that is our wildlife. … 
the response by corona is even funnier tho 
my sweetheart is the final layout we have to share from lisa amiet's gorgeous creations with the… 
'all-star' is now trending in #vancouver 
it is wrong. have you any evidence? 
teresa is an inspiration! … 
look how cute it is. i can't wait to ruin it with my shitty art. 
today is 2018-01-10 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
an all-dub session of punky reggae party w/ boss harmony is live for the next two hours from the dublab studio. 
a smile is the best makeup a girl could wear - marilyn monroe. #selfconfidencesundays don't… 
my favourite part about unlearning my internalised misogyny has been realising there is no shame in liking “basic” girl things. this evening i binge watched friends n painted my toenails n i don’t care 
replaying this game was a mistake this fight is so annoying 
i really wouldn’t think anything of it even the boy’s mom said she didn’t think it was intentionally racist h&m messed up but for everyone to act like they are trying to boycott the brand and stuff is crazy especially when other brands have done worse 
bmw shows off its updated 2 series tourer and gran tourer: bmw is giving its mpv… #cars #oc 
this is the year of la femme en bleu! #bluewave #socialjustice #immigration 
is that not what happened 
the big zelda giveaway is back at 
full metal alchemist: brotherhood is sadder than 3 motherfuckers and i'm not ok. 
i-i just realized that kyungsoo is 25 now......... 
and that makes me sick to my stomach, literally. i don’t want to live in a country that is occupied by such sick minds. hopefully the majority are of the oldest generation. 
the hell... he is one ugly soul. 
. @ venuseswilliams is designing airbnb's first apartments … via @ 
is the update that bad ? 
gasoline is good for you i thought 
@day_trader2018 patience is a winner 
icyxzavien is m a x i m u m% thot i became the worst person ever 
most comprehensive book is a time for trumpets (really i'm not joking) and even that book although marketed as autobiographical is mostly about chronicals of the wwar ll. 
anthony is tutoring starks with algebra right now, and there is no shouting- like the kind i get and got today. #lifesaver #brothersarebetter 
this man is a racist lunatic. he refers to himself as “new blood”. he’s hysterical 
the way he went to yoongi my #namgi heart is full … 
good evening! it is 7pm and here is a look at temperatures across the area. #wvwx #vawx 
is everyone late to work everyday? lol 
ya know haters will say 'we won without repackage' but in anyway physical album sales is physical album sales. 
obama rips fox news viewers: ‘you are living on a different planet’ #foxnews so glad this is not out president anymore. wish we had the power to send him into exile somewhere where we don't have to see or listen to his preaching. 
okay so davido won artiste of the year!!!.. but soundcity you're not okay ..male category you said diamond... is it making sense to you? 
today is 2018-01-12 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
this fog is no joke 
the gw 23 preview is here, @ talkintogga & @ fantasygaffer talk willian, sharko, lukaku's best traits and sanchez' best landing … 
#exo’s exclusive teaser video is now one tweet away! … 
i don’t believe he can either but i just don’t see why someone is saying he should be assassinated when if that was someone saying that to hillary, everyone would lose their minds 
and i’m so confident in me i know i’m not bout to pull no girl who is a 10 and that’s ok i’ll settle for a 7 
hector mood #1 is my aesthetic. 
wonder if they know what a case play is ?? 
the question is....how do i make big bucks off this 
i always do what i promised for the people i love or care about, and to my professional colleagues. my work is my bond. it's how we were raised and had things modeled to us as kids. 
noooo :(( this is heartbreaking … 
wondering how to grow on twitter? i gained 1 follower in the past day. this is the app: 
i thought i was happy but life is shit 
i really didn't expect you go this low. petty things to be exact. tapos ganito?! this is totally crazy which in fact ikaw ang may mali. we just answered your question and that's when common sense comes to play. you should decipher it first before scolding us. tsk. 
the most frustrating thing ever is when you’re putting in effort and you get none in return. 
wish they wouldve went with him as well, i just think being a “socialist” is still too taboo for america. 
lol exactly. the very first tweet we all replying too is the boy in the pic wearing the shirt abt beans. that tweet was basically saying “stop being sensitive black people” 
this is my second tweet this twitter has liked so far you'd think it would like tweets about my actual head injury but no. ocelot tweets. 
li·bel [ˈlībəl] (noun) 1. law a published false statement that is damaging to a person's reputation; a written defamation 
the other night i was fortunate enough to be with some amazing people @ cbsmiami. i was asked what investors should do. i said “seek out an advisor”. the key however is to seek out one who understands the creative economy is critical to portfolio returns. 
letting go is a hard thing to deal with, especially with someone you love/loved. it’ll never get easier with coping but you do find different ways to cope. 
chanyeol is an incredibly talented musician! he can play the drums, guitar, bass, and djembe. 
i’m so mad that movies made me think tons of hot guys ride around on motorcycles. every time i see a guy on a motorcycle he has gray hair this stereotype, this myth, is ruining my life 
i like it but blue is one of my favorite colors 
i ain’t saying you gotta proclaim your politics everywhere you go but to never do so is a political project unto itself 
happiness is my main goal 
lazy sunday (which means all the groceries are bought and put away, laundry is folded, floors… 
this is me every time with harry !!!!!! don't want ur arm ruining my freshly curled hair thanks … 
home is where the heart is 
and i tried to buy your pretty heart but the price is too high 
how the fuck do y’all be taking halfway care of yourself lmao????? like toes did but hair ass legs, hair done but your acrylics are three weeks grown out???? yo that shit is gross i’m sorry lmao 
when you're a hammer, every problem is a nail. 
you disliking yoru's grandpa is hilarious to me, because it means that their families have a close enough relationship for the old man to yell at you and chase him around with scissors 
solider 76 is such a piece of shit character 
good for you. and i am not a leftist. i am actually a pro-business, small gov't believer that happens to find racism detestable, and believes that anyone who needs gov't to interfere in the operations of private companies is a "cuck." 
tom thumb piano is strung. 
has more followers than follows which is a red flag for a bot. not very prolific tweeter, but it probably has multiple accounts. then again, maybe she's just not real bright. 
this is a travesty 
i know god is going to get me through this period of my life, it’s rough but he always seems to get me through the hard things 
i don’t think a safety was even close. beleive it was haden back there with him. burns has to locate the ball better but to blame the game on him is nuts. 
this is a must watch! kevin ship worked as a highly place intelligence officer! he explains what’s going on in the coming storm very clearly! … 
leading steward albert francis died on 15th june 1941, while serving aboard the h.m.s emerald during ww2. he was buried at sea, but is also remembered on the grave of his parents in st. mary's churchyard at worsbrough. #ww2 #portsmouthnavalmemorial … 
tryna make a statement is how you lost me.. 
it's like saying tj is going to have a size advantage over dj.. he does and he knows it hence him pushing down instead of up like every other fighter. gsp won't fight conor for the same reason 
that throw is something an above average qb simply doesn’t even attempt. you have to know the situation... 
new section: “ask samantha” is up in the blog. here’s the answer to a viewer that wrote in. i don’t have all the answers, but i’ll do my research and get you some suggestions! send in one today! just go to: , and send in 
the new sleeping situation. my room is not big. so when bahamut lived on the floor i kept stepping on him so...he wins. he gets the bed. 
@ verizonfios in your commercial with the kids the problem might be that ben is holding a playstation controller while trying to play xbox with his friends. 
why is everyone so pretty 
ah the infallibility of private companies doing government work. great to see the tories propping up stooges they created. this is where the nhs is heading and i am terrified … 
it is #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt 
success is knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. - john maxwell 
and russia is only watching... they will split syria in two and russia is doing nothing.. 
wait logan paul's dad is a fucking idiot that's shocking just shocking 
synopsis for iatm ed kennedy is a 19 year old cab driver with no real ambitions or goals in his life. he still resides in his hometown, well his other siblings have gone on to have much success. outside of work, ed's life is spent playing cards with his 3 best friends,....... 
what is it!?!? 
#nowplaying - this is atlantic radio uk jingle 12 on atlantic radio uk 
don't worry about him, he'll return again and again. this is only his 1st deportation? this man who killed our friend and director and his 22yr son was deported to mexico~returned with a new name right away=easy return=he'll be back #buildthatwall to #maga to put 
the fact i am still wearing christmas pyjamas in january is not because i love christmas it’s because they a reallyfricking comfy and they should be enjoyed all year round 
the “everything,” fitton is referring to may hold the key to a plethora of scandals surrounding clinton, everything from the fbi’s handling of her email investigation to alleged pay-to-play scheme between the clinton foundation and state department agencies. 
is it just me or does the creepy guy look like paul kantner? … 
nyc culture is no matter how cold it is we still don't button our jackets up 
really!!!??? truth be told the only controversy around trump, is the media lies! the fake russian collusion, which appears to be bought by, or, on behalf of the clinton gang. please step out of this circle of lies and spin. past proves future! 
at the time a person rises to that stage at which they can separate themselves from their body and experience themselves as pure #self which is beyond the body, they can die peacefully and joyfully, and will inherit the kingdom of joy and happiness for many lives to come. #sauh. 
serious tweet: i am hiking to the top of mt. whitney this coming season. would prefer to hike up with others. if anyone is interested or knows of a group, let me know! 
why is everyone so tall... 
what time is it?! tony time!!! 
yeah, men pressure women for sex, women pressure men for sex, this how we propagate the race. she was a bit naive in going to his place, i think they both learned something, this is how people learn. now they know. 
my name is lucy and i am not a huge mood … 
unbelievable..this is 2018 right?! … 
the sooner paul martin is away from sj, the sooner he can shave the beard 
howdy my name is kenz i play bass guitar and am a representative of the goblin community, us shorties gotta stick together. i also wish to one day have a lizard companion 
is he drunk? i mean, his name is lane monte kiffin. 
forgot to share my little en (also the random body parts is horrifying) 
can anyone in any muslim state contempt supreme court. pakistanis wake up you are still ruled by usa your eternal master. learn from iran. no don nawaz no pakistan what a joke. is there a story behind this story? 
@ bolmanutebol you make it look to easy but it is because you like taller then everyone else =100%cheatcode 
no, it's just the simple fact of it not being over until grim gives up, has he given up? no, so therefore gts isn't over and gone, jay and joe leaving doesn't take away from the fact that gts is still will come back from this 
kim possible is not really trained. she's a cheerleader. her gadgets were from a genius friend of hers. her parents are actually strict. #iamamonster @ rx931 @ ginoboi @ chicogarcia #rxgreets 
@ uverse is trash #attplayoffplaylist #trash #dobetter #terribleservice 
the butt tap is some of the greatest shade you can throw. dwade is the greatest at it … 
ex-c.i.a. officer suspected of compromising chinese informants is arrested via @ … 
so are other fan accounts but they decided on bigger ones which i think is kinda unfair but no hate 
this thread is hurting my soul this is why noone is allowed to touch any of my skincare stuff idc if your face looks like the himalayas … 
is may's husband not involved with a hedge fund? 
life is a gift not to be wasted. - daniel evans #quote 
@ jonathanmayo is great at making these lists and he was 100% correct braves fans love their prospects and r upset we didn't have guys onlist 
not got it from anywhere but it certainly seems plausible in the long run. it’ll improve quality of officiating no end but would that really improve football? part of the sport is mistakes, from players and referees alike 
mmmmmkayyy this is like soooo close to my house. cancel school tomorrow! … 
well deserved. that beer is bomb. 
the fuck is a shake shack? 
sorry cnn, potus is smarter than you! 
fox news shelved story on trump and porn actress stormy daniels before election via @ cnnmoney anyone who still works at fox and calls themselves a journalist is -- not one. including shep smith. 
all i wanna do is get the world to hear my music 
this is bs 
morgan is on gh tomorrow in what form give info 
trying to organise accomodation for a weekend to glasgow when there's 2 couples in the group and 4 singles is more difficult than i ever imagined 
oh my, .....you are still a practicing pastor, aren’t you? is you congregation...you know , the sheep that follow the shepherd people watching...listening...learning. is this how you taught your daughter to be so sarcastic and rude to people... 
which one is the better one... sky zone or free fall?? 
tiffany is a princess. a princess who if fought over again, will have to smack a hoe 
fair point. unless there is some great job growth between now and mid terms, then it isn't a game changer at all. 
this is a joke … 
it is the craziest situation right now in europe. #catalonia 
the problem with most people is there always trying to get into other peoples business 
where cbc concentrates on “bullshit” as profane, the profanity is believing $1 million will create 60 jobs. now that is bullshit. … 
it is still hard to believe 
today is 2018-01-17 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
my boyfriend is incredible 
screenshotters can screenshot anything and doctor anything. who is to tell whoever “doctored” your whatsapp message isn’t on twitter waiting to “doctor” something else? … 
is that all i need 
why is gum so water 
‘get buck’ by young buck is such an anthem add that to the function playlist. 
instead of papers, pencils and clipboards, we'll survey people experiencing #homelessness using a mobile app! quicker & more private. #mobileapp -- counting us -- is up & running in practice mode. download it for a preview of the questions & answers. #piercecounty 
all i’m saying is that i get that we don’t want kids to abuse medicine, but something needs to be done about the taste. i’m declaring a state of emergency. 
18/365 2018 - thanks michaeltoddbeauty the sonicsmooth is awesome! #sonicsmooth 
sitting in your car for about 15 mins when you finally pull up to you house after a long day of work is honestly therapeutic. 
bitch the lights just flickered it was nice knowing you all my ass is about to get ended by a demon andinwbfe 
tbt fbf this song is part of a movie soundtrack can u guess what movie @ lynzcrichton @halienemusic @ emhewitt @ arminvanbuuren 
sunny’s photos are in such a good quality.i have an iphone x too ...but damm! her camera is better than mine 
one of my biggest fears is that i will never find anyone that truly understands me or loves me as much as i love them. 
always follow the money. i hope this is mueller's strategy too. 
this part is true. it's not like i hate any dragon knight i am just a little disappointed when i die and i know it was him. 
finally the day i been waiting is tomorrow … 
are we going to ignore that he just flat out lied by saying mexico is “rated the number one most dangerous country in the world”????syria, iraq , afghanistan, south sudan, yemen, somalia (all more dangerous than mexico) did he forget these countries exist still?? … 
rt: home international: every strong organization must have strong administration. we are thankful for every “i” that’s dotted and every “t” that's crossed and every call that is answered for a child in need. partner with us today! #guatemala #home #or... 
why is this so funny? … 
if someone has eye smile naturaly and he/she is smiling, look if there is wrinkles or not. that's the point of the sincere :) 
so east/west is more or less eliminated. it will be something like red vs blue? 
lmao i should be laughing but that's funny she is crazy why do we continue to allow people like this hold office 
this is the savini jason mask, dude! 
love the movie seen it 8 times and the music is inspirational 
universe always watching. god is always watching. 
this is not human!!! 
any way you can go back to comedy and stop being a democrat shill? johnny carson is rolling over in his grave! 
this is not even a joke 
“wait, how old is this girl?” - @ bandet64 about the queen 
wtf this is so cute 
streaming schedule is gonna be about megaman x as much as i wanna hear a new king diamond album 
the gop is delusional in a literal sense if they see the dems as causing the chaos. 
lorena, there is nothing more dangerous than an old bigot with power. hopefully these old fart's will depart this planet soon. the younger generation needs to change the future. resist, volunteer, vote. … 
america never left! from where do think it is back? 
whittier is a #classic, must-have collection! 
this is purportedly what the infamous memo is about. nunes is the boy who cried wolf. #releasethememo … 
is monique down to boycott for my wages though? 
boy my mama sent this too man and i started crying. my sister is mad as hell right now lmfao 
mumtobe reveals what it is like to be expecting quintuplets #rt 
@ tumblr yo why cant i log into my account but all my blogs but my main is showing! buster youre broken!!! i got too many followers to lose so my account better still be there 
not everyone you lose is a loss. 
this is an event you don’t want to miss! mac’s cajun shack is partnering with smoke signals bbq to stimulate your taste buds! join us tomorrow, 1/20/18, at the corner of altamesa and mccart from 12pm until the deliciousness is gone! #macscajunshack 
not be able use my hand like normal is in the way 
this is all on you. period. #trumpshutdown #gopshutdown 
anything is possible in trump’s celebrity apprentice administration. 
omg this is why i don’t wanna move from pearsall... my family is everything … 
is that not the best thing ever. i love her. #cadettebonespurs #trumpshutdown 
today is 2018-01-20 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
that is what i wanna see! keep it up 
here is the list of few coolest new gadgets of 2018 #iot 
" there is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come." — victor hugo 
#reclaim our power!!! unconstitutional acts (crimes against (we the people) have no legal standing to be concealed from us, it is not classified! it is our document, they work for us!!! 
stats that explain why @ eagles will beat @ vikings: in 6 outdoor road games, min has committed 7 tos in 9 home games, phi has forced 16 tos min is 2-2 when it commits to in outdoor road games phi is 7-1 at home when forcing at least 1 to #minvsphi 
it isn’t truly drunk cuisine , unless one of your ingredients is fruity pebbles breakfast cereal. just sayin. 
the chinese think china is… … 
sketchers is so confusing and quick like i want the song titles but i cant play it wooooo 
no one is hun x 
so social media is simply becoming msm, feeding us what they only want us to hear facebook to fight 'fake news' by asking users to rank trust in media outlets … 
[21/01 02:45:38] sub/btc: buy at hitbtc for 0.000117 (volume: 38060.0) and sell at binance for 0.0001351 (volume: 7436838.0). arbitrage percentage is 15.47% 
so much happiness is just bursting out of me out of nowhere rn hello 
starting a dnd club for yr friends is queer culture, sorry i don't make the rules 
this is embarrassing. … 
tennessee's is one of the fastest growing job markets mostly because we have the labor force and favorable government consideration precisely to attract new business to our state. california businesses, when you have had enough come on over to tennessee! @ solanobiznews 
this weeks episode of my mental illness is ruining my life show me being too scared to ask people for help with stuff i don’t understand in the math lab 
@ cameronmonaghan jerome is so iconic 
lol the only thing i've been thinking all throughout the whole ordeal is يا بعد قلبي 
every time the patriots (brady) does this i worry that it is for the last time. then it happens again. 
my playlist is so wild.. it can go from j cole, to ozuna, to some banda ms, back to some drake, and then end up on chalino sanchez lmao 
here is the next generation of marketing opportunities and challenges 
i'm so sorry for your loss @nannercatart. they're moving on and were still just sitting here lost. i guess all we can really do is leave it in god's hands and pray for the loss of the patriots.......... 
i dont even know if thats what it’s called im a child is that what it is 
the ms green team is in their forth consecutive championship game and looking to go back to back! come out and support our spartans monday night at 5:30 in the sinkwich spartan center. @ spartanathletic @ theoenews @ 
afterward, i said, "i don't know much about yoga, but i'm pretty sure the traditional greeting is 'namaste.'" 
distance trump from shutdo.....he’s the fucking president!!!! this is his shit show #gop and you made it!! just because he has a 3 minute attention span and is too stupid to understand squat about politics doesn’t mean you get to hide him away … 
to be exhibited in a museum is strange. feels like i'm an ornament. however... it's not really bad, it's rather harmonious. 
honestly i'm really feeling my hair and makeup today. which is very unusual because i normally hate my natural hair. but i'm digging it 
hey@captmo2 and@panthersthis is so true theyre all winners. i had to plug my panthers88 cause thats the hardcore loyal fan of the panthers i am#goodluckwpmoy candidates. #foreverpanthersfan95 
man, i'm watching fellowship of the ring for the first time in fucking years high and it's like a brand new movie godamn this is beautiful 
it is quite simple...you search for the user @ avon_deer and it all unfolds from there. 
risking a rant from someone, i'd agree with it in the sense that state enforced atheism isn't a good thing, just as state enforced religion isn't either. obviously this is making an false equivalency between deconverting and forcing people to choose atheism. 
@ nancypelosi, @ thedemocrats, @ housedemocrats, & @ senatedems, is this what you are celebrating on saturday night on the #taxpayers … 
do you know who i think is really handsome? @ samthevamod. (close second is @ nadydargo. close third is @ warriorbassface.) 
i love this hyam 100% cotton 3d duvet cover set no inside comforter set.the colors are bold. it feels so soft and the quality is great. excellent workmanship very affordable four pc cotton 3d duvet cover, this bedding is gorgeous and comfortable 
now is your turn to cry 
@ cbsnews @ nbcnews @ abc @ cnn @ npr @ msnbc when interviewing any politician who is lying and you're not making them squirm with your questions pinpointing the lie, you're doing something wrong 
my mood is the face the dog is making you fool 
blue october is underrated 
brussels is a shithole! 
yes. creating a pin of your blog post and including a link to it whilst promoting, is still really helpful for long-term success of that blog post on pinterest. it can not hurt! 
just the idea of sending the dreamers away to a country that they aren't familiar with is completely ridiculous and inhuman, a stupid idea. 
hey, @ sportcardbacks! fill in the blank: payback is a ____________________. 
this is the look i got when i asked this little fatty if he farted.… … 
my current favourite twitter "thing" is @ davidkharbour and his internet challenges and his willingness to follow through, he might just be the hero we need to replace super bob #strangerthings 
i checked it and he’s right. only played in 10 games (9.5 really) so 40 added attempts is right and adding 30 completions equals 60.6%, rounded to 61%. but for some math is hard. 
i totally agree with you. why has nothing been done? this is a sad situation. i would hope if it were me that somebody in my family or a friend would do something before pics like this were floating around on twitter. it's very sad and not funny. but, something needs to be done. 
i’m walking down the hall & a kid points at me & says: “you’re that teacher who is silly all the time.” yes i am kid. yes i am. #funisfun 
the a route is currently not servicing the stadium due to the game traffic. we will update you as the situation changes. 
mueller is going for a "check mate" not "check." trump has to serve at least 4 years to draw a pension, health care and possibly secret service protection. i'm hoping trump is impeached and going to prison on his forth year. … 
“who is suzie boreton?” “well, listen - i don’t know, todd. you’ve got the one thing i don’t know. but, listen i hate her soooo much.” 
coaches, 6'5 310, 1100 sat, recruitment is still 100% open, check me out! … 
that is the least surprisingly fact i've heard in a long time. 
if you're serious about this recco, i'll check it out. is earthsea better than/as good as tad williams' "memory, sorrow and thorn?" 
hahahha manly cliff jump with alex is the place to gooooo 
am i the only one that has noticed numerous ex-husker players either under achieving while at the university or overachieving in the pros? which one is it??? … 
greys anatomy is so depressing 
that is the common experience of all mothers. but the hardship doesn’t go well with the myth that women by reason of gender are somehow magically suited to the task. time for women to be honest with each other. we love our kids just as much. 
i’m with you. he gives no attention to gun violence in return i will not give him the attention he so deeply craves. #boycottstateoftheunion that is the fake news!! 
this is disgusting to me. why, give me one reason why. … 
hahaha of corse ! his big head is my bro 
'avengers: infinity war' director says thanos is an incredible threat … via @ comicbook 
rylands sister is so fuckin funny i’m obsessed with her 
im not sure why everyone is so surprised that @ jtimberlake might be practicing for his @ superbowl half time show in nj - thats basically what the izod center is for these days.... hey jt let me know if you want to grab a drink 
i think i read it wrong. is that a typo? 
wait what is iris even a superhero in the comics 
my favorite chef is always poppin@bflay 
eh nor fanta lemon is actually so overrated 
a later date. the vuln used on 7 is fixed on 10.2, pre-7 is a fairy tale that doesn’t exist & th… 
beatably is a meme 
this guy is insane!!! pol. incorrect?? omg 
this is a brilliant resource which would complement other citizen engagement work @ pas_tweets @ oliverescobar @ … 
this is rosies sin im afraid 
actually don't hate him,but he is a c*** thoughcan't wait till i finish the bastards book...nearly there 
nunu is living her truth all you can do is respected it as you may not agree with it #bkchatldn 
remember that awful era on the internet where people were posting that tony the trap tiger at whatever the furry version of magic city is with a gun and that one pic of him cooking crack? 
the fuck is this country so flat for 
i hope that one day trey gowdy of south carolina runs for president of the united states! he tells it just how it is and no bullshit and people in government that break the law should be prosecuted! unlike #hrc who got a pass for now 
coaches from both teams are wearing sneakers as part of @ coachesvscancer suits & sneakers week. this is a great cause, with participation from coaches all across the country to raise awareness for the american cancer society. 
still a joke that @ barrybonds is not a hofer 
teezy too dope explains why donald trump is the man part 2 via @ youtube da trump way 
this is all you have? clueless. 
now this is pretty impressive... #secdef @ … 
want to know the face on the cover is funny, but the game practically creates itself. 
cmon. this is just predictable bs from the bs’er in chief. 
check out orchidsource™ vanda hybrid, [jiraprapa devarak x butterfly] (near bloom, as is) … via @ ebay 
here many of the food that one buys, is coming in unsealed packages. that is not good. not good at all. 
this whole depression thing comes in waves and i don't know why it's happening to me but all i know is that i barely have motivation to get up and use the bathroom. 
to all @cryptocriedwolf followers, here is some free insight into a possible $ omg 40-80% gains!!! be sure to come on over and follow @ crypt0bing0 for live wall street short & long positions. let me help you dictate the market! @ binanceupdates @ crypt0bing0 @ 
dee i don't know if this will help you but luffy ate a magical fruit that granted him rubber power called the gum-gum fruit. which is why he says that before every attack. 
3/4 a woman is a distraction for having a bra strap and boys will be boys and their actions are excused. 
my bestfriend is having her baby at 7:30 & we’ll all be on ft to watch 
the socialist india wishes to all citizens of this great country 69threpublic day. let's celebrate this great event n the spirit of liberty and equality. we'll see how this event is maintained by the citizens of our nation. we've to pledge to protect our democracy with great mind 
$ ndva.v bruce campbell's top picks is $ … 
solucion: the emulator is unable to connect to the device operating system #visualstudio #mobile 
@ saveautohistory if you're going to take a free ride on my posts, the least you could do is follow. 
he is . ok he’s not hiding, but i’m keeping my ass in the other room cause his face is cute and i’d like to keep it.. 
wow you had me ugly sobbing in under a minute, this is beautiful 
launching a new system? this is the only metric that matters … @ cmswire 
yep trump is going need god's help even though potus has no conscience, god will be around ...... don't think he'll help him though 
@ bbuk bad decision to have face to face noms. the girls would definitely have voted differently if done privately. also to lose 3 out of 4 is ridiculous.......also can you edit better to show ann’s appalling views #cbb #cbbandrew #cbbshanej 
a) no one is refusing to acknowledge that nk is a nuclear power, we just aren’t going to let the us be everyone else’s b**** anymore. b) comparing trump to kim jong-un is a stretch even for you, soros. 
quoted from a friend: "mocha uson is love, because love can move mountains." 
is gettin confused and sidetracked to what's jesus 
it should be an extreme scenario, but unfortunately it's very common, and women are often told to ignore it (or even to feel flattered!) unless the guy is getting violent or handsy. 
as far as i know jr still has ties to nationwide so yes the 88 is one of my teams along with 9 of chase elliott 
#arasanjuan i mentioned that i spent time reviewing all transit data for the sub on the 15th. i’m pleased to say nothing changed. i had hoped the data would push us farther northeast, but they don’t move at all. implication: i still believe it is in the white circle. 
this is a $ b appreciation acc btw 
tbh they’re both lame. trefoils is where it’s at! 
that's worth a … 
just a friendly reminder that the koala is still live! he's playing layers of fear! come show him some love! [02:58] 
this is the greatest tweet i have ever read. i laughed out loud. but, now i am thinking of adding to my collection of tattoos in something related to your work. 
(we were on a plane a couple of weeks ago in this photo. she's my service dog and is terrified of flying. i had to dope her up to get her on the plane! some service dog!! i was her service human!!) 
it is 
when life smiles to you and then you find it is a fake smiiile !! 
pray you catch me is one of my favourites on lemonade 
it helped me when i was forced into seeing someone. i wouldn’t have gone by myself. i am speaking from my own experience. your ‘anyone’ assumption is wrong. it might be worth considering that you are not always correct. 
more disgusting is how badly she has toadied up to him and made a mockery of this country on the international stage. 
that cover is so gorgeous, and the title intriguing - will definitely be watching for more info on this one! 
this is me all day … 
@ potus @ realdonaldtrump @ gopchairwoman @ housegop @ senategop @ gop @ whitehouse rnc chairwoman ronna mcdaniel are you going to stand by what you said or is the money more important? stop remaining silent and condemn all. on judgement day money won't matter but honesty will. 
bravo guys yet again u prove that ark is run by nincampoops 
depends if the person is listening. im not about to cast my pearls to swine. … 
fall in love with the process & the success is yours. #realshittho #lyriktoldyaasooo #humbleconfidence #realhiphop 
@ realdonaldtrump your immigration proposal is very very bad. this is not putting americans first. we voted for you because you promised just the opposite...that there would be no amnesty and all illegals must go back. i will demand that my representative oppose this. disappointed 
@ realdonaldtrump see we all know yourweight is more than 239lbs … 
#earlyman is incredible 
i think the law should find them culpable. i'm reminded of michael jackson's victims and the way some of the parents behaved. just bc someone is a "rock star" (singer or doc) doesn't mean you allow them to misbehave or take liberties. 
understand what lead-based paint actually is. count on our experts for professional home inspections. … 
he is amazing awesome and he has accomplished far more than i thought in his first year as potus. he needs us, those that believe in his plan to redeem america. be part of the restoration. take a glorious ride on the trump train. see you there. 
my mom is tight because i don’t agree with her logic on how something should go. why you so angry ma? 
3 min...of my life wasted ..talking bs..sean...wtf is that? sean ? bullshit\bs 
i have so many opinions bound up inside me which ‘the man’ is not letting me set free. 
is this the guy that calls women "ho's and bitches"? 
f off d bag he is an nba player bet he would beat you in a shoot off 
there's no line and there's no door. we're understaffed as it is. furthermore, rural areas are most opposed to refugees and increased legal immigration. 
what the fuck is a fin, iceberg? 
kombucha is so overrated 
maybe i’m old school but dang this new generation of music we have is a lil strange 
embossed leather tote bag with rfid safe card section. this lb68 is a zipped tote and adds a… 
assuming this is true, it makes @ jacobinmag buy twitter followers that much goddamn … 
can i just say that “think more buddy wakefield, less rupi kaur” is my fave sentence i’ve ever seen in a cfs? no shade against rupi, at all, but - buddy. buddy!!! 
does anyone know where my career is headed. 
when is the pitt ad going to wake up and fire this bozo? 
when you're on a phone with your boyfriend! sakura's reaction is so adorable haha #cardcaptorsakura #sakuracardcaptor 
do you ever have those people that make you irrationally angry for stupid reasons or is that jus me 
not only has @ tamararojo1 brought her own extraordinary artistry to @ scottishballet @ theroyalballet and @ enballet, but it was she who commissioned the exceptional addition to the #britishballet repertoire that is #akramkhan's giselle: … incredible vision. 
interesting take but fails to admit that fracked gas is major reason us carbon footprint is down 12% since 2005. far more than rise in renewables. an inconvenient truth. … 
every great writer has been at your point. where they think their writing is cringy, but that’s because you know it so well. 
every day people should say sarah rose is brilliant and amazing. i would also expect them to say sarah rose is beautiful! 
beautiful @ regranned from @ theroot - @ therealeve is still that girl #grammys 
none of the ship are harmful for me but it's just me there is a lot of ship i don't like but i ignore them and let ppl enjoy their favorite ship i'm waiting for rovio to officially announce anything it's better when it come from the owner of the birds 
this web enables me to know who is going to me 
|| twitter, it’s bad enough you’re showing tweets based on likes. but this recommended shit? what the actual fuck is the point? 
this is homosexual erasure 
wth is mussy? 
7 year-old layne is off on the trip of a lifetime. the make-a-wish foundation granted her wish to go to disney world to be able to meet mickey and minnie mouse. what the family didn't know, was there was another surprise waiting for them at the airport. … 
time is precious. don't waste it. 
oh snap the women’s appreciation dinner is coming up and i have nothing to wear 
my life is grand. i just been living stress free. niggafree. 
eu cs is still better just look how many teams from na and from eu were competitive in @ eleaguetv boston 2018 
exactly what someone who is "secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers" would say to throw us off his tracks. … 
bloodsport is the best movie ever made. don’t @me 
that new mastodon is a ripper, but power trip’s nightmare logic was the best hard rock/heavy metal album of 2017. 
nick jonas is so fine. 
breaking news!!! open bid now, @ lfc is for sale!!! 
this is my dad 100% … 
lmao "this cd is selling out fast" and it's been out for 5 months. bts legends. … 
how tf is it still january?! 
what do you think this is 
amazing...the world is so big it's easy to forget ancient civilizations preceding ours.... 
what total dick! i seem to recall another world leader blaming it's country's downfall on another group of people..now who was that, which group of people was it..mmm, let me think, it's on the tip of tongue. that's right it was adolph hitler & jews is trump suggesting genocide? … 
governor moonbeam demands billions&#8230; but &#8220;solution&#8221; to phantom problem is years away … 
today is 2018-01-29 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i liked a @ youtube video is that zeke?! the true tournament begins now!! | shaman king: power of spirit - part 
is it support vim keymap? 
antonio conte is panick buying ...u still gohn get fired #cfc #londonlarries #chelshit #chelsea 
noah is like the human version of google i swear to god 
who else knew the guitar riff on “maria, maria” is from “wu-tang clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit” 
my siri’s voice is set to australian male so i actually enjoy listening to it talk 
am i a racist if i don't know which one is huey, duey or luey? 
can someone that has watched the black list tell me why the first episode i click on it says season4 is it suppose to be like that? 
jerry west is like.... 
according to ann coulter, america will neve work unless everyone is "christian," whatever that means nowadays, and jews need to be "perfected," she is an utter failure as a human being. another ugly american. … 
richard t. yung, m.d., f.a.c.s., is recognized by continental who's who 
okay wait shit them call themselves is only 6:06. lemme tell you it feels like a 10 minute experience 
the light of my darkness. my power on my weakness. my medicine on my sickness. the smile on my happiness. penjaga kewarasan (yg sebenernya sama ga warasnya kyk aku.) i couldn't ask for more. thank god he is here and mine. 
@ realdonaldtrump is putin’s bitch and therefore a traitor to the usa. 
i know there is every chance i’ll regret this, but that there is a welsh team that @ scotlandteam can beat. bring on the principality... … 
spring training games end in a tie now. so the only reason for this is to get his for in the door for a change to regular season games later. what an idiot! does he even like baseball? 
this article is moot. absolutely ridiculous. 
ok what is ur username? 
. @ specialreport i'd like to believe that justice dept inspector general horowitz is compiling a report that will be 100% true, honest & complete. but can anyone tell me why ig horowitze should be more honest than any other obama appointee? obama appointed him! 
life is so good. ben came over n we just cuddled and watched high school musical 3 (and mean girls) and are salami 
who is protesting? why protest? who is scared? what is there to fear? questions that the facts answer,right? … 
putting all norms to wind cm pb. announced election dates for mc ludhiana, which is the jurisdiction of state ec. 
ok news. the main thing is that itv never get their hands on the rights again. … 
bad theology is a belief that causes someone to sever a part of themselves or be severed by others. good theology supports the whole person and the whole community leaving no one behind for the gain of another. #bornperfect #goodtheology #gospelnotchurch 
asernal are the best team in the league so far despite making many mistakes caused by the couch...he must go he's time is over at a emirates … 
wait is it really 
she is so tired and cute! 
you are being patently ridiculous. no one said or even implied the rank and file are not great. and you know damn well! it the stink @the top that is the problem. if you had an ounce of shame, you'd take that back. … 
this is judith … 
this is simply brilliant ... 
"he went to university decades ago". you utilized this as an argument to mean that he thus "missed" the time when the paradigm shift happened and thus can be excused his language use, which under the fact that he keeps reading as a professor is incorrect. cede. 
ma!!!!n tha,,,t is supreme ga!!??11!!y!! 
...that blue stairs thing is just inconvenient to everyone. but yes i agree. 
i don’t know that pirate cat has a gender and that it is pirate. i’m trying to be polite over here. 
selling puts is a good way to earn income. 
apparently being in the tank for @ hillaryclinton is a sign of independence … 
where is this po? 
json.... j son..... hummmm.... it couldn't be @ jsmithoti 's kid from the future screwing with you could it? naw that's like saying @ popssmithoti is josh from the future. that's just silly 
someone: (eats someone alive) me: someone: fuck me: you cant say that this is kamen rider 
quick reminder; put it in your phone if you're prone to forgetting things: "i will not look up to kim kardashian because fame is not a determinant of success in my life." 
love how close it is to court street!! great location spot for all the college kids! a great fulfilling snack before they go out on the weekend 
what i don’t understand @ realdonaldtrump is that why are you making mexicans look bad ? why are you making blacks look bad ? why are you making muslims look bad? but not your own race!? 
this is gonna be a time. get your proposals in - due tomorrow. … 
dessart night is going strong and if you need a break pick up a book at the book fair!!! @ aps_ela_elem @ tuckprinc @ apsarts @ apsvirginia @ apsvaschoolbd @ apslibrarians @ 
ok . . . so you call yourself a genius and you know the speed of light. ever wondered what is the speed of darkness is? 
it is probably not a good idea to buy your “dream car”, “dream house” or “dream [insert really expensive thing]” until you have your dream job - or a least a job you really enjoy. you never want to be in a situation where you feel stuck and tied to material things. 
this is so adorable!!! 
sorry this is happening to you! 
i know it's a lot to ask but is anyone up and able to run me home from stewarton? 
lol that is me though 
i'm also the only person on the call who is not male presenting...so that's extra special. 
february is here!! time to make a final push. #mc 
now i know what you've thinking: "how long can this go on?" here's the thing: officially, history is scheduled to keep happening indefinitely at a rate of ten years every decade! that's too much history! can you learn it all? even trained historians don't know all of it! 
"should not" is weak. "must not" should have been included. the land is saturated so squashing that land with c300 houses in going to push the water into other areas.. which will flood. 
always the best part of my day is waking up to your face staring back at me. good morning! 
this can mean two things i suppose. the book was always non-fiction and described real events with different names. the other option is taibbi and ames lied about it being non-fiction in order to manufacture and edge of sexual behavior that was acceptable 18 years ago. 
my fave is blue ice too !! 
and changing their mind about that later is a good way to screw up a project. 
michelle obama to frightened americans: 'all we have is hope' … 
yasss it's time for a great show gym is my girlfriend:workout in gy 
i liked a @ youtube video bitcoin is crashing, and it’s over! 
[ barchart opinion #eurjpy ] eurjpy is 100% buy (2018/02/01 23:34 gmt) [calculated from all 13 indicators] … #forexprofit 
jesus is watching 
#deals united colors of benetton. men's solid casual white shirt is selling cheaper by 1% at inr 989 today #flipkart 
thanks puckett for putting this fucking fool in place for saying dallas fuel is on the same level as la valiant 
but sloth is sooooo much better 
this is one swinging kitty lol 
hoomiciiide khamakaze! track is fire bro. 
@ georgepapa19 is getting the most fame for the least substantive reason since "fabulous fab" the notorious goldman sachs trader nearly 10 yrs. ago. @ katerinasokou @ mignatiou 
次の @ youtube 動画を高く評価しました: this is just so wrong... 
his music is soooo good, especially the lyrics 
that is dope af 
"i will always love you" by dolly parton is always on the fuckin friday pregame playlist sorry boys 
i'm curious, if yahoo is going to have two separate players, what's been the challenge? there's been chris young hitter and pitcher before. if he was dual eligible i'd see a problem but unsure with two separate players what the issue is? looking forward to the release either way. 
because sonic is a dumb, dumb universe 
if anything is a gift of the gods to men, it is reasonable that happiness should be such a gift. 
no....not at all....even in the slightest....out of respect for someone she is very close to...and i’m also very happy with where i am right now so please stop being a dumbass boatler … 
is your name ariana because your dick is grande 
there is a tweet for everything … 
this might have made sense if "spanking" had been operationally defined, instead of using the concept without content. issues of spanking vs hitting vs slugging, and others, makes it difficult to get any traction on resolving the question adequately as is proposed. 
knowing the value of money vs earning always trumps welfare & freebies. the example of your parents paints a picture of parents that worked & retired to aspire dreams being a couch potato is in direct opposition of someone w/ free time & following a dream, inventor, artist, etc 
bruce heard the noise and commotion from his perch. he hit the com he had installed on their coals. “rose?! what the hell is going on in there?” the chaos from the scattering people blocked his direct view. … 
river wood inn, springdale. you can check out the glass beach and there is a nice waterfall in king's point if you can handle a couple hundred steps. this time of year you can skidoo to your heart's content. 
well you commented it on my comment. i gotta grip sis. wbk your judgement is impaired, you stan alessia cara. 
former rams wr isaac bruce is one of 15 modern-era candidates for the pro football hall of fame class of 2018... 
your crowd tickler show is on @ comedycentral at the moment and you’re doing the ‘elbow routine’ you referenced when we saw you in vicar st. hilarious. 
i told you it is because they think it would be ridiculous to have such a debate 
i'm sad that valentine's ney is 8 stars. she seems like an awesome sub. 
watching the movie now! husband read the book... we own the movie and it is frequently on! … 
poutine. what kind of demon food is that? 
mic drop is gold!!!! #iheartawards #bestboyband #bts 
@ camilasmadness you rock! havana by @ camila_cabello is playing next on 101.3 kdwb! listen & vote 4 more: 
mudiay? what exactly is he better at?? 
when the choice is to be right or to be kind, always make the choice that brings peace.– wayne dyer #quote 
apparently, lady gaga, has fibromyalgia? i know this, and it is bad. the wife suffers excruciating pain. maybe lg should get her claim in quick for dla, as when pip gets to her, she’ll be stuffed? i hope esther mcvey isn’t watching her? 
chanyeol’s favorite movie is school of rock 
into the wild is really good 
“is matcha supposed to make your nose burn?” -kayleigh 
lucky that the curling is an inside sport here in peyongchang 
what is wrong with this sick bunch! their sure not acting in canadians best interests. i cannot recall a more destructive out of sync gov't in my life. he has got to go no doubt about that, and sooner the better. get off your hands backbenchers do something!!!! 
twitter please stop sending me notifications about posts that i have no connection to but that multiple people i follow have liked, this information is not relevant to me 
@ grandccabello @ stay_max97 you rock! havana by @ camila_cabello is playing next on 101.3 kdwb! listen & vote 4 more: 
comfy bought 32gbs of ddr4 right before the shortage for like $180 and now it is well into the $300 range 
i have never seen anything like this:( these are precisely the types of things that occur in places like cuba, venezuela, banana republics... i am feeling very very sad that our country is at this point politically:( 
this mochi is so good oof 
i'm not too far into the game, about 4 hours or so, but man it's fantastic. the only problem i have so far, aside from really small bugs, is that there are a lot of loading screens. other than that, it's incredibly immersive and a joy to play. definitely pick it up!! 
come on guys!! we are barely holding on as it is 
great td but missing the point after is terrible in this game. #flyeaglesfly #superbowl 
bc of oswald my younger sister is named daisy, my fav character. … 
this is gonna be the most exciting part of the super bowl. … 
bh is quaking 
@ americanair i’ve been on your plane - flight 374 out of ord to lga - for over 6 hours now. diverted to phl for over an hour - no water offered, no deplaning. pilot updates after the fact. this is #horrible #americanairlines #customerservice #poorservice 
this is how you lose the game. 
robert kraft is the only owner in the #nfl with a mullet!! 
everyone here is so sweet ahh what an amazing community 
extra point is no good!!! #wideright 
this is a good trailer in of itself. why give is more info than this? 
field goal is no good #superbowl 
this is why i love rick riordan … 
this girl is really doing all this for because of that small grind ????? kai! na tobi cause this rubbish sha, if to say he don leave am for bed yesterday she won’t be doing this rubbish .. 
if only y’all could image how loud my family is 
alshon jeffery is a animal 
i know, which is why i’m so ripped up about it 
keep me updated... how is it going now 
this is proof he is not fit to be president. this alone violates his oath of office. 
so is there really still people that enjoy walking around and looking at exotic animals depressed and locked in cages orrrrrr can we cut that shit out? 
android nougat is officially the most-used version of android 
so far it’s about a couple raising triplets in the 70s n one of the triplets is black.. 
and your paycheck is going up the most.. 
that’s all you do schiffty is smear leaker! … 
three bulbs is my absolute limit 
lmao just thinking about what i saw is giving a headache like it wasn’t serious but still i’m going insane 
this one is from @ torontoarchives where you'll also find maps for weston and lambton though not as early. how about this one from huge collection at @ torontolibrary ? … 
. @ jink_official is posing in front of her portrait by @ 
what exactly is kobe nominated for? 
my driving instructor is really giving me a hard time, at this rate tak sempatlah nak dpt lesen haih 
the devil aka me is always looking out for you. 
@ jasoncorriher now this is how your suppose to interview … 
a 1st and a prospect seems steep. which is why i'd balk. 
@ realdonaldtrump you did it!!! you finally did it! you beat obama! yea. biggest drop in the stock market on your watch. just like when the increase was all you, so is the drop! so much winning!! #loserinchief #trumpcrash 
all i can guess, is the falling object at the end of cloverfield is the alternative dimension’s cloverfield station. however, that would mean that dimension's station either went back in time, or was launched way prior to any problems existing and prior to the paradox dimension. 
what proof is that? that's proof of nothing you claimed especially "four separate judges" which is what caught my attention because it's a lie and when cornered you show an accusation from an anonymous source... did your mom have children that lived? 
bitches and moans because the redemption center is closed and he has to eat, walked 10 blocks, blah blah blah. proceeds to leave cans in the garbage.... #seriouslyguy 
niles township district for special education today is an early release day for julia s molloy education center. 
hillary clinton claims climate change is sexist | zero hedge … 
this is perfectly clipped! haha pimp such a fun guy 
btw coconute iced tea from dunkins is bomb 
john kelly, i refuse to use his military grade, is a disgrace to the armed forces. within a very short periode of time, he has damaged all his years serving the us. all thanks to the 
women: dick is not a valentine's day gift! men: well pussy isn't either! women: 
@ aliefisd spelling bee is about to start! good luck to all! thanks @ holmquistes for hosting! good luck to tuan! and trina (martin 
just so grateful everyday she is not president. thank you president trump for saving us from this disaster & all her people. … 
lua em escorpião is the new tpm kkkkk 
my back is in cold weather 
also a danger... as is going somewhere else to fuck that up too. i think it's a good thing overall though. 
conservative is not libertarian is not republican … 
hi @ robdesphoto thanks for the follow. we really appreciate your support. it is such a privilege for us. i hope you have a happy and prosperous 2018. cheers-jacqui 
wow, amazing! anggun. is broadcasting on ,come to 
spring is in the air and we at the shared adventures artist studio are painting pots and planting succulents for... 
my twitter valentine is going to be: @ ashwinshp find yours at … 
right, wtf nut shit is this 
a show is what you get when you hate the other side so much that you elect a “showman” 
why the world’s oldest brewery is collaborating with sierra nevada … @ weihenstephan @ sierranevada @ foodandwine #weihenstephansierracolab 
everyone is driving really stupid today 
this is what my mom does on an actual daily basis. 
i cried a little over this one. still can't believe it was a judge from the republic of ca. there is hope. 
even taking 2 powerful power slams from braun strowman elias will be the last man to enter in the elimination chamber match, he win the match, and this is the only thing that matter. #raw #wwechamber 
my data is acting like a bitch so videos are lagging 
an i don't care for air play, i rather go live online playing air guitar in my air jays. the air play is a con, air that out like nick cage. i'm waving bye to the air waves. smile on my face talking with my mouth full of wavy lays. 
yes it is 
i can’t tell if quincy has lost his damn mind, or is the hero we all need.... … 
masturbation is a healthy thing, apparently not when you’re in the elevator. 
#impeach trump #potus45 #trump #parades is potus45 attention deficit? hardly seems like he can multi task with all the pressing issues he is worried about a military parade parades, walls and worrying if people applaud him god help us all 
overheard a fight on the subway so now i'm laying in bed staring at the ceiling hope everyone is having a fun night!!! 
i know off-white is like the traditional "overpriced garbage lol" site but please. give me this 
is the trap 
he is so beautiful. 
fitness guru tracy anderson is engaged! ‘i’m already the happiest bride to be on the planet!’ - … 
my instagram is savannaheron_ 
we've had a financial crash, and with level of national debt will struggle to overcome the next one! people are fed-up with austerity but economic reality is we need it, false spending promises by opposition parties are misleading the electorate and are a bi-product of democracy 
lol. he demands those that worked on days it deemed holy to be put to death. because one woman led her husband astray it ordered the massacre of the mideonites. your gods a monster 
look at those smiling faces! there is still time tonight to participate in @ fhespta dining for dollars at @ ledopizza in vienna! #fhesfamily … 
god is the reason 
is the stupid sh*t that annoys me! love yourself. i repeat. love yourself!! 
i get hype as hell whenever brockhampton is on thems is some mf jams right there 
yo this new wax place is only $30 for a brazilian! rather than $50. 
is ball hurt ? 
now everything is done there is nothing to say 
brightest adolescent intelligence (bym) is a 17-gathering out of date non-profits organization, whose commission is to actualize a advantageous community brownie alongside identifying, conjunctive and mobilising 100 big-shock chief and oomph-getters betwixt the... 
really hope i feel good tomorrow. in desperate need of money and leaving work early is not ideal. 
our kysa technical director is very proud to have worked with a motivated and capable group of… 
i hear you. i think it's a significantly different when you're diagnosed with chronic illness as opposed to being born disabled - that's not to say there aren't still mental struggles in both cases but regardless how you feel is valid and often it's one day at a time 
paranormal enthusiast wanted! mprs is looking for a new member! must be 18 + female, open minded, team player... 
@ snapchatsupport my snapchat is not updating! can you update it ??? lia_xx3 ?? 
it’s mad how time works and how nothing comes before it’s meant to ... god is good man 
chief of staff smelly has not offered to resign. the meowstream media is just trying to force him out. 
why amp is fast … 
m'y wife in front of bigg poster camila ;) is m'y room ! love @ camila_cabello @ ccabellofr @ 
can we fall, one more time? stop the tape and rewind oh and if you walk away i know i’ll fade ‘cause there is nobody else - gotta be you, 1d 
i was dying the other day bc i realized the bottle of hornitos you took to my house is still in the freezer i was all *gag* lmfao 
safety area of aviation is over regulated—ethiopian airlines md … 
right????? it’s just so much work and everything is so itchy 
but my stomach is hungry. 
rough out, jason. health is your wealth. 
@ zak_bagans i know it would mean the world to my friend if you could check out his youtube page and give him some support he is a huge fan. its called timeless evil and the videos are amazing. everything wierd and straight up strange im sure you would enjoy it thank you very … 
this is the cutest … 
hello 2 everyone in twitter land..... i'm just feeling blessed and thought that i would say hello because life isn't easy but it is what you make it 2 be so whatever your going through just pray on it and god will see you through it 
been on the vegan wagon for 5 years. this is an amazing trend that looks to be going off the charts. hurray for... 
life is to be fortified by many friendships. to love and to be loved is the greatesr happiness od existence #goodmorning 
today: 1. #sens owner eugene melnyk commits to scouting, drafting & developing. 2. tom anselami quits as #sens president & ceo 3. #sens gm pierre dorion given a 3yr extension. this season is so screwed up i can’t tell if this was a good or bad day. 
i never stood a chance my heart is frozen over 
today is 2018-02-10 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
this is one of them things that make you go hmmmm.......peace!!! 
my twitter worth is: $1,010.70 find yours with 
"there is no monolithic woman. we have to look at race, religion, class etc." pamela o'leary, diversity & inclusion expert #pwit – bei oath 
how is that a compliment!? get the fuck out dude 
y'all got to understand though, this is the 1st time she does something like this with an artist that i like. bts are special #btsarmy #bestfanarmy #iheartawards @ bts_twt 
@ efl - what do you think of this once again!!! sort this shit! it's ruining football english lower league is becoming the spanish prem … 
google must know it’s my bday. the google sign is turtles 
in the us kids want to be tom brady and win the sb. in brazil they want to be the next pele and win the world cup. that is true in almost every other country. no ussf president will ever change this. 
hope is the word which god has written on the brow of every man. victor hugo #aldubnationhappyhearts 
so the hotel i stayed at in egypt is implementing my suggestion to stop tourists dropping cigarette ends on the beach by providing bins w/ notice 'cigarette ends contain plastics, plastics kills marine life, plse do not deposit on beach'. step in the right direction #plastics 
virginia is an auxiliary nest of corruption ... associated with clinton for yrs 
he is not a bear he is a good boy 
@ haileesteinfeld what would it be like if i could live with u??? my no.1 wish is u live with u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i think zirene's analysis is interesting here. while i don't think we had reason to assume tl had bad late-game, c9 showed more varied strengths than tl over the weeks (also against arguably better opponents). that said, i did not expect this slappening 
hey it's what i do :) #symsat the pleasure is all mine! # 
that is your title too bro! 
this is at the intersection of two major public transit systems that cost a few billion dollars a year to operate. it is so insane that we even need to send people speak up for argue for 400 units there. but that's how bad it is. … 
bruh this is lit … 
is not was 
yessss!!! this skinny blush sangria is my fav … 
one thing louisiana knows how to do is party. 
i took a gamble out with tron justinsun is definitely active on twitter. don't see why it won't go up again. good name people do jump for names too. crazy as it sounds. 
potus trump is planning to release details of his $1.5 trillion infrastructure plan tomorrow (monday). that deficit spending should easily drive the markets down another 1000-1500 points. 
so my mom is making me redo my grad pics...but i don't really see anything wrong with them??? 
retweeted stopslaughteratnyacc ( @ stopslaughtracc): brindle beauty, young ~ #olivia~ is back on the #tbd list!... 
hey @ vodafonefj i'm getting my ecard done. is this the right place? your outlet in mhcc. let me know please. vinaka 
what does the donkey say? have you read it recently? that ass is wiser than many atheists on twitter. 
@ iancollinsuk so that bloke who talked about smaller state-owned utilities is really suggesting what we used to have - the old water boards, electricity boards, etc 
quite is for nonces tbf. wouldn’t dare eat it. had it before and it’s grim 
@ nudah is @ soargaming property back off! 
@ cutenfuhzzee question. plastic surgery is a big thing in trini? i really wonder if these boxcies mock 
hope all is going well for you christine,thinking of you,got inch of snow here,good night x 
@samanthabm0 hello my darling, i like to look you on mfc, i want like you here with me in ,germany. please come to , my name there is ralfi1911 ,please write me to ralfflei1@hotmail.de ,ralfflei@yahoo.de, te amo ,kisses @ ralfflei1 
america is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between. 
i liked a @ youtube video why vice is absolute garbage 
the only thing the #blackpantheralbum is missing is some east coast artists 
lol! please...block me. i can't take any more of you moronic denial of the obvious. if obama came over to your house and shit in your mouth you'd call it a chocolate sunday. that's how dedicated to denial of facts & truth you are. there is no trump/russia collusion deal with it 
what a joke. @ unilever is poisoning the people of the world. tries a greenwash again. 
a tesla and a urban/modern decorated house is all i want in life 
vivi is cool 
i still say anxiety is a struggle... i have to stay in the moment and pull myself out of stressful thought patterns, but my life is back in my hands. i have the control over bad days and good days. it's a lot of responsibility to own your life... but it's opened up so much joy. 
how is @ foxnews both the highest rated and the least mainstream? dummies 
this scene of rdj #ironman is hilarious! reminds me you gotta make fun at work when needed. 
is it possible to access the interesting ppts of the speakers? thank you for the amazing event and see you next! 
that the people of or-2 haven't risen up as one and chased @ repgregwalden into the nearest body of water is testament to just how misinformed (or willfully ignorant) his constituents truly are. 
just wanna remind everyone today is my favorite president's birthday i love you so much, abraham lincoln thank you for everything you did for america 
"i no longer look for the good in people. i search for the real. because while good is often dressed in fake clothing, real is naked and proud no matter the scars." — chishala lishomwa 
women’s is down to n surry at the half 29-13. 
this is so desperate 
before: face is clear and good enough to go scl barefaced and imma confident young women *sees all the girls in campus glammed up. after: can’t wait to get the f out of scl 
excuse me but sofia carson is a goddess 
i was going to make a joke about a manager doing that but having it happen irl is too cruel. hang in there 
family is everything to me. 
and technically, little bones is a cat. #hipanimals 
@ valhallawulf i totally agree ... very haunting melody and her voice is amazing i love joni 
you must be head strong in this world bc everyone is looking to capitalize off of the next person or being for (egotistical) gains, don't be prey. 
هلا hi, this is awsom, an xray scanner for android is for reel, give it a try … 
@ kevincorke dan coats doesn’t want our political differences to get to the point of affecting the functioning of the country? that train left the station a long time ago. the real question now is, what do we do about it. 
this is it furniture “retro” 
if her mouth is moving, she's lying. no need to ask the question. 
he is an awful person. 
@ gop has been totally exposed as the biggest bunch of hypocrites on the planet. #goptaxscam has shown #gop priority is pleasing big donors. … 
cherry wine is the sweetest song ever 
our school is roughly 1,100. not 2,000 
omg can you tweet this from main i wanna rt it is that okay 
i'm serious, i sincerely feel that this is very much a classed and racialised phenomenon. these middle class, mostly white (but not exclusively!) spaces are so fucking complacent when it comes to this grotesquery 
taps growler house ( @ tapsgrowler): caldera mother pucker ( @ calderabeer) is on, replacing coalition take me for pomegranite (@coalitionbrewing) 
the aurora conference double-header that was scheduled to take place tonight between monroe catholic and delta has been cancelled due to travel issues. the make-up date is scheduled for february 27th. 
it's odd to assume everyone watching is already well versed in the game. need to accommodate those who want to learn but are new 
twisted is a good movie 
lol.. i hope there is footage still!! i must see this!! 
#stupidquestionsforflorists is a rose still a rose still a rose, just asking? 
yandere sim update is pretty huge so i think ill check it out and then do more shoppe keep in about an hour or so 
given the actual offence is dangerous driving, i think you mean what they'd have got after the police trivialised close passing into a three point careless charge, seen nowhere in the cps guide, as it is only found under dangerous (because that's what it is). 
why don't liberals think trump is the best president ever? by harvey ardman … 
well, it’s been a corker - and julie is retiring for another year 
the only problem that this congress has solved in the first year of their term is the problem of the hyper rich not getting enough tax breaks. 
it’s so satisfying to read that you now enjoy gin. 
yeah, keep doing nothing and keep watching america’s kids die every week. australia seemed to take care of this issue. you don’t see this anywhere else in the volume you do here. it comes down to mental health and guns need to be addressed, no easy answers. but change is needed. 
honestly, i kinda start accepting that juve is just made for italy. if one day we won the big ears great, if not i always enjoy winning anything tbh. last year's final was my last high hope they win cl and i believe it was their biggest chance after 98 final. 
this drawing is the most satisfying thing ever 
how many lives need to be taken for the united states to realize there is a serious issue? 
game: casting that fire spell on these enemies brings out their demonic side me: oh same binch! so i should do that, right? game: demonic dust bunny is now powered way the fuck up and takes out half one of your party member's health in one go me: so i should do that, rig 
ash wednesday is the start of our journey to the cross during the season of lent. a #newbeginning is found through christ. #spiritualfood 
the #nra is a domestic terrorist organization. you have blood on your hands. 
#1dbackinjuly is trending on twitter!! 
today is 2018-02-14 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
the energy you give out is the energy you’re going to receive.... i really don’t care anymore 
seems like they resent anything or anybody that stands for america the mental illness is real!!! 
this is awful! :( … 
#raptorsgamenight poll question: what is the best competition to watch during all-star weekend? #wethenorth #bullsnation @ wheelertsn @ jlew1050 
kinda weird to think that russians are funneling cash to the nra to promote domestic terrorism and nobody gives a damn or thinks this is any odder than normal. 
this is why i’m a advocate for stricter regulations on gun control. this is ridiculous that it is almost march and we have had almost 50 school shootings!!!! congress (republicans) wake up 
her butt is really dumb! like i hate it! and i hate tiny ass too! it’s just too big … 
because you clearly see on the attached chart two pairs of five up. each five is a or c. i will record and post an introductory video explaining the main idea of ewt modifications i use 
this is why we stand and put our hands over our hearts: +> (video) the star spangled banner as you've never heard it by david matherson @ itsknot2late4us, @ radiopatriot @ oasiscm @ jerome_corsi @ magagoldhat @ sebgorka @ hughnemets @ joedanmedia 
they are terrified of the day when whites will no longer be the majority. the purpose of trump’s immigration policy is to delay that date. 
energy happens in case of an open up to talk about them, some one elephant in the midst of science (this tweet is the next day contains atomic ionization. 
...that gif is maybe 60 seconds later. that is not expelliarmus. but sure be content with being wrong. 
why is it that everytime i wear something remotely cute, the people i want to impress aren't here. 
2- my heart is for all of you and know we are keeping you all in our thoughts and prayers. 
@ chrislhayes is really not as bright as his nerdy facade appears... … 
today is 2018-02-15 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
there is money in cybercrime, yet the stakes are higher in cyberwa #cybersecurity 
just trying to understand why would anyone need a ar15 ?? honestly i know nothing about guns, the only thing i have ever heard is that ar15s are used by single sick lone people that are out to kill so many so fast???? 
i'm sorry but i can't seem to even try the 2 on 2, i hear the only thing that is good is the new map. please do something quick 
the countdown is to the end of his first term. at that point all staffers will be replaced when the new president moves in. the logic was not that hard to figure out. guess that’s why you can’t figure out why you’ve been unemployed lots of times, lacking basic intelligence. 
he is running for senator against bill nelson. it'll be real interesting to see what, if anything, he does about this. 
if you said "n******s should die" you would get tagged by their rules. it's almost like you don't understand what a group is....? 
pee is stored in the balls 
my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding my heart is pounding 
yes! he is! 
charleston city council: save river road, johns island sc from more developement - sign the petition if you want. place is beautiful and shorelines sensitive. enough is enough. sandy was proof via @ change 
my mind is blown … 
wow, amazing! viunteen is broadcasting on ,come to join! 
it this trump probe a magic mirror where people just see what they want? i've got lefty tweets saying trump is finished and conservative tweets saying it's vindicated him on my timeline and i don't know what to believe. 
@ louvinaa have you seen #thehundredfootjourney ?the food & colors in it are so vivid & mesmerizing you will want to eat off the screen! every foodie should see it! if this movie is like that am gonna see it too 
the human soul is hungry for beauty 
msnbc 3:57pm humira is taken by injection dermatologists have been prescribing humira for over 1o... 
this made me cry this is so cute . … 
coogler is the man. … 
@ washingtonpost please redesign your website so we can bookmark articles when on pc, the way we can bookmark them on android. the bookmark icon is gone on pc (win7). 
some people spend friday nights drinking and partying. i am spending my friday filling out legal forms for self-employment. (this is not meant to be elitist, i am actually very poor.) #adulting #futureentrepreneur 
question is. would you have time to 
that is pure bull shit- … 
nice try donnie.... we know better. you're guilty and your time is coming. if there was no collusion than you wouldn't have obstructed justice. you, jr., and jared should get ready....tic toc 
so theres a lot of people that ask for something to happen that they believe is right and just but it's not 
all i can say is.. dear me. bless her pathetic cotton socks 
is it tho? 
“former playboy model alleges she had an affair with trump” well... i really don't give a sh**. he is doing a fantastic job for the country. much better than jfk and he was screwing anything that would stand still. marilon monroe for one. … 
many thanks 
so the solution to mass gun violence is more guns....how could that possibly go wrong right … 
epilepsy it is 
who is this busher character? he’s slower than me and has a first touch like that guy we traded for kamara. 
just as expected! happy to hear north tx is still in the mix. … 
ku is getting every bounce rn 
religion is the root of all evil... more people have are hated and have been killed in the name of religion then any other reason. 
this is gonna get no likes lol! 
or are you saying that the only thing preventing these gun toting heroes from saving the day is a 1000 foot buffer zone? 
thieves and robbers both have one thing in common, they both steal. however there is a difference in their takings,a thief can only take things of material from the outside, but a robber take those most precious valuables prize possessions such as peace of mind, joy faith, love 
hyperx is celebrating the rainbow six: winter invitational by giving away 30 headsets. thirty. you can enter to win too! … 
nosedive is such a masterpiece. i'm so proud of my baby jongdae #exol #bestfanarmy #iheartawards @ 
aw this is so cute! 
good story. is it also illegal for someone to vote from a residence that they do not live? i understand college students vote from their parents address, but what about an adult? 
@ firstknivesclub this game is gayer than i expected. 
@ marcimiller is doing a great job but this storyline is stupid!@kristianalfonso nocturnal escapades a few years back are more believable let @ tyler2929 get his own woman leave #chabby alone #days 
rewatching the entirety of friends in a month is one of my best achievements to date. 
yes. everything looked like a taurus for a while. on many cars you have to see the name plate to not only what model it is, but even what make. sad. 
why is my smile so grim honestlyyy 
idk what a pound sign is is this correct im … 
afh is bringing it today!!!! love it loooooooud!!!!!!!! 
seulgi looks pretty and adorable even when she cries, she makes anyone soft and her smile is a literal sunshine what else can you ask to the universe 
no fam cascade is the rink in atl 
jesus. at least we know mueller is getting close. we have to curtail this asshole before he does anymore damage as *president. 
i’m sure he’s thinking... “payback is only one week away.” surprised he didn’t meet dillion on pit road. … 
this is perfect. 
all i know is chamois time is training time. so by that logic your shower counts as training. 
ah thank u angel. fran is a fashion icon 
nothing i hate more than a disrespectful child spouting off. obviously, he has spent too much time in drama and not enough time in american history 101. maybe he needs to watch the old abc cartoon "i'm just a bill." his pants are too big and so is his rehearsed mouth. @ … 
i screamed and said “im fine” but im not fine. look at how precious he is and he looks so happy 
a relationship where you can be weird together is the best. 
so much is fucking going on right now 
being from the south, the singular y’all is such a weird things. for the group, we use “all y’all.” it’s shot. 
live right now -> dark souls iii : will i rage? come find out. #supportsmallstreamers #teamemmmmsie @ blueskadoo88 @ proximo1104 @ xdraconicgaming @ denny_is_cool @ 42wolfy84 @ tibby26twitch @ hyperrts @ 
because why? because you’re a teacher? again. as a teacher, i’m letting you know: i will quit before i am forced to carry a gun. i will quit if any teacher in my state/district/at my school is asked to carry a gun. most every other teacher i know has said this. i’m not alone. 
my favorite shape is a triangle. i love them so much that i'm trying to be one. sunday funday of arms. nothing better #armday #curlsforthegirls 
how hard is this to figure out. she was at the russian table with flynn and others. she is complicit in the entire affair. 
president @ realdonaldtrump , while doing nothing about russian interference of our election, is crying " @ potus44 should have done something." 
well i don’t want them to see the sorry state their father is in right now so that’s a relief. 
try as they may, but the word of the lord remains forever. israel is god's people. no weapon formed against them will prosper. 
she is damp and unhappy 
hi, melania! it is good for parents to teach their young about god and jesus! #randomactsofkindnessday is also a good thought to spread the word to our neighbors! 
thomas! ur jaw line is absolutely fabulous 
yes this is what the @ florida teens are up against. i stand with the … 
i put my mic down my throat and this is the noise it made 
does this mean your song is popular, or that you’re attractive and not in a relationship? i’d be happy with either/or … 
the uk is out of fried chicken - oh my god, are we next??? the prospect of such frightening occurrence might help explain our president’s extra-manic tweet-storm this past weekend. i can’t think of anything else that could stress him out to such a degree. … 
#rxgreets @ ricaggg otw to work via mrt shaw and wait time is so bad buti may pokemon gym at stops dito @ rx9311 
this is so awesome!! the sweetest thing~ all of it! #whatgreatgenerousfans #usstaylastephenfansare ;)) happy blessed birthday stephen! next time i'll get in on this/ on your birthday gift for sure! sorry missed this year, just keep missing out on these occassions 
「 good morning today.let's make a happy day that feels happy even if it is small happiness while finding a happy thing today.let's bloom like a cherry blossom.have a nice day.do your best today.heart clean heart gentle heart hallelujah.」 
@ louis_tomlinson i’m done asking so now michael is asking 
@ islandsofnyne when is it possible to buy the game to plan à the closed alpha? 
tell me something.. why is he getting so much attention when he was the villain i don’t get it … 
any chance at text scaling coming? i would love to play this but i’m legally blind and the font is so small i can’t read any of it 
what is stockholm syndrome? - ask history 
17 children dead, 14 injured and their reaction is "whew, finally caught a break." it's sick. it should infuriate everyone. but- trumpers will defend it. 
blac chyna is literally built like kim kardashian rn 
#bigredvapor is proud to announce that we’ve finally made our relationship with #gnsvapor… 
unsolicited advice for the #parkland #students who might meet with #potus #captainunderpants: don't go if the meeting is in any way closed to the media don't go unless it is held in broward county on public property don't go unless there are no restrictions on what you discuss! 
to everyone who is pushing for teachers to be armed... what if the teacher snaps and becomes the next school shooter? or if they fail at warding off the shooter... is the teacher now responsible? #guncontrolnow #gunlawsnow #letsbesmart #teachersdontneedguns 
is wilson contreras even an everyday player yet? why do we care what he thinks bout the mound visit rule? 
not even that, glorification of shivaji means we must also highlight some controversial incident generations after shivaji. such is the success of the pseudo-secular conditioning, that even "rational" people have to do such monkey balancing to show "all are same" 
the reliance on the washington examiner is skeptical 
|| i always feel bad when i write a person that i worry about them, or they need to chill / relax before they do a reply. just want everyone to know that i think the person behind the screen, and how they feel is way more important than any rp etc. 
i'm crying this is too good 
any "build your dream house" quiz that doesn't include four poster beds is 100% garbage 
that blanka costume is hella whack 
chinese is not an official language, but in a lot areas in pakistan it is the 2nd language of education after urdu in pakistan. 
every time i post a recipe, i think of this guy. he is funny...to me anyways. 
saying "we need gun reform" is an empty statement. it means almost nothing. what gun reform specifically is needed? … 
it feels like parody, but i've been on twitter for too long, this is the type of stuff that hillary fans say to be sure, i checked the guy's profile, and it quickly becomes obvious: -he's a russiagate nut -he's a #resistance grifter -he's an 8 percenter who hates bernie 
sayori knocked her head, i hope she is alright 
the authors are sami tamimi and yotem ottolenghi. yotem is israeli and sami is palestinian. they actually talk about this throughout the book. and the origins of a lot of the dishes. it’s a great cookbook. 
why is it called a round when it's square? 
it is extremely safe if the crypto is stored offline. what can be more safe then having all of the funds in a cold wallet? even more safe then having funds in a bank or retirement account due to risk of hack, bank collapse, virus, etc 
this is me. like i literally shut down. just leave me alone. … 
something is very wrong with kelly … 
amy macdonald - this is the life 
#14 prospect. fair deal (#8 and #14) for a guy who can play and is very cost controlled (not even up for arb this year). but what does this do for guys like wade, andujar and torres. one less major league spot available. 
wtf is wrong with whites! 
that stuff on the red scare might fire him up – how topical is that now? and give him this graph – see what blair actually did to the labour vote. … (that website is a treasure trove.) 
imagine kids being you know... kids and daring one another to take the fire arm like my god this is so insane 
@ lawrence after all the shootings, especially sandy hook, nothing was done. this feels different like maybe there might be some action. but my fear is what if nothing is done again? what in the world will it take to fix this problem?? 
@ biomemeinc is up now, talking about dna! #pntm cc @ 
the coolers are good, they taste like 7-up and lemonade, the vodka itself is nasty 
i just remembered i got paid today!!! now i wanna go play some cards, but the gym is calling my name. 
2/ to place the burden on teachers, administrators, & children because politicians refuse to deal with this societal issue is unconscionable. it’s time for sensible limitations on weapons of war & bckgrnd checks. 
role reversal is a very...... interesting scenario 
@ kathielgifford thank you for being so bold for christ. you shared what i share in my book! god is not a god of religion he is the god of relationship. #willdone #bold #jesus #relationship 
probably something good is happening in the club 
lol they're playing mafia with him wtf this shit is amazing 
minimum age to purchase an ar-15 should be somewhere north of 100. there is no legitimate non-military purpose for this weapon. 
i literally almost use all their products cause my skin is sensitive too. check out staywildorganics!!! 
what do we have to be scared of? i don't understand why you think the right is scared. 
exo stan playlist culture is having four or more versions of the same song 
work on the game is starting to really take shape. enemies, damage, drops, healing, rooms, and all structured with inheritance. unsure where this will lead me, but damn, it's exciting! once i'm a little further along, fully intend to stream development. 
look, i like david harbour as much as the next guy, but sexy jeff goldblum has no upgrade. it is the pinnacle of man. … 
working from home is pretty great! *posted from bed* 
it takes me 6-9 minutes to load into a game, i cant move without my game freezing and my fps is always below 16, is there anything i can do other than quit the game in general? i think that's my only option at this point @ riotsupport 
thanks for making a great argument in favor of stricter gun laws. there is no magic bullet (pun intended) that will stop all violent crime, but we can certainly diminish it with our efforts. 
learned from #jerryqian #siptalks: "wake up and taste the blockchain": the cryptocurrency market is like a casino... savvy strategy: learn the system/numbers, then easier to take the 95% dips and the 5000% gains :) 
shrek is lit, y’all need to come see it so i can give you programs 
this is enraging 
i swear every time i see a picture with cap vs a cosmic threat i always think wow he is underpowered for this fight compared to his pals. then i remember he is smart and a leader and can kick butt with the best of them. 
disney is cute but ummmmm only if ur like really obsessed lmao i’ve been here for 5 hrs and it’s not all that 
the best way to escape... is this 
to be less glib, the story is that gun companies are in index funds. well, you can buy other index funds. 
yeah and i disagree with him doing that. i also disagree with him on abortion and universal health care. but calling him stupid, or an unmitigated trump supporter is patently false and dishonest. criticize him like anyone but do it from a position of honesty. 
ellecanada: "fashion’s favourite model sister duo is back at it in milan #mfw #gigihadid 
watching the worst pbs kids show with the kids and was wondering 'what kind of animal is arthur?" before i finished my ? these were the suggestions... google is always listening. #creepy 
honestly kathleen everything you’ve been offering the on ppl is an election ploy! anyone who thinks otherwise (in my opinion) is delusional 
school itself is not a healthy learning environment... … 
yep, houston up now, godbody up now, mishima up now, wavyboiclique up now, shit is amazing 
my body is a real homie- whenever i eat/drink too much sugar now, i get this massive whopping headache that lasts for hours so i’m slowly being conditioned to cut out sugar i guess 
my record is 14. i thought i was going to run out. 
the writing in some of those old comics makes me cringe but some of it is charming. but the artwork is so appealing to me. the specificity of the clothes. the editing down to essential lines. the curvelinear prettiness. the period time capsule effect. 
rt @ teslaband: "i got no glory, so i'm gonna give it to you like it is / if you wanna hear the real story / and not some candy-coated lie, come and get it" #fridayfeeling 
i seriously can't stand it when someone is freshly outta church and cussin the shit out of me an hour later like wtf 
oh yes i spend every minute of my life playing this game!! dude not even! the point i'm trying to make is don't call my content trash when i at least talk edit my videos and all of that good stuff you just slap a 30 second video up of you not talking 
she’s comparing america’s nra boycott to the islamic regime. basically saying if the gov takes away our guns their next goal is to execute us. which i think is a bit of an exaggeration 
this is what a time to be unhackable * 
i liked a @ youtube video the big update everyone has been waiting for in cod ww2 is here... 
every day is bursting with an event at @ momoscoffeeshop in #sthelens. via 
so all that’s left is for us to exchange 
pretty good these days thanks. trust you are too. we have a late cold spell to endure in the coming week, so spring is delayed a bit. 
@ potus where is the special investigation for both f.b.i. and sheriff department in their failure to act which resulted in 17 deaths. mr. president what if these children were your grandkids? what then? not your kids right? 
i wish it is ac-tagged 
i have an idea for trump how to provide max security in schools. start gun club in every school. every school will have at least one gun specialist. at any given time there is one duly armed learning and practicing and protecting the school. program fully paid by the nra. 
this congo is dry okay i'm going to bed now. dm me if there is wahala please. 
@ senatorwicker congress must ensure the safety and security of the united states under donald trump by protecting mueller & this investigation. with gates pleading guilty, it is a matter of time before this president and vp do something rash. 
this is true 
thousands of abundant life seekers have found their way! a well secretly-kept guided meditation is finally exposed! get your (while is..) free copy now --> 
@lindsayloubelly just letting you know @ moonshotphono is here for you if you need help with your record manufacturing! 
so serious about this that i already secure wiped the thing is gonna have the new yog towers is. 
what is it about our godless, “progressive” indoctrinated society they creates hopeless, self-centered people, like cruz, who believe life is a function of time + matter + chance; a roll of the dice; no meaning; no intrinsic; who take others with them when they check out? 
whether you give a party a billion dollars in cash or a billion dollars worth of oppo slander is a distinction without a difference. it's like "humanitarian aid" in a war. aid is aid. give more of one kind frees up money for other stuff. 
teachers can offer covering/suppressive fire for escaping students. in military science, suppressive fire is "fire that degrades the performance of an enemy force below the level needed to fulfill its mission". "suppression is usually only effective for the duration of the fire". 
if you like cider, you should try lambic. comes in flavors, raspberry is common, and is a slightly sweet fermented beverage 
another clue. ones beinging played at lb crazily. the other is a so called cb. 
im rr e a l ly. im vvery confused and scared this is just the idea doc static //this// is wwhere the eye poems lay static wwhatsg gghghoinh on- 
i pray it is so! r kids deserve it so much! … 
meshuggah is pretty amazing @ billburr 
wow, amazing! putriwa is broadcasting on ,come to join! 
ted lieu the schiff memo is chocked full of lies that contradict congressional testimony by james comey, andrew mccabe and others. your subpeona is next, what does ted lieu know about the awans and fusion gps and when did you know it. nunes wants your emails and text messages. 
jr is going down like the #nra corp … 
the us is lucky to have you! 
edsa holiday is near and the trolls are on the loose 
one of the worst moves you can make is putting politically-charged bumper stickers on the back of your vehicle. 
is that even humanly possible?! 
i have! i want the same. i have said it here that many agencies failed to prevent this incident and fail daily to protect kids from their peers who need outside services. it is ridiculous what is ignored, permitted, etc. 
@ skochpr what is the school's position on the national student walk-out for gun control on march 24, 2018? 
politic is the art 
jesus christ this is crazy ellen i fuqing love you so much for mine after 7 mins! 
say #hello to dropbox! their ipo filing is officially in. this provides the much needed data and information prior to their ipo. 
and look. i'm not an anti-gmd absolutist. cost aside, i can see the utility in being able to stop a limited attack. but! 10% "leakage" in a full-scale exchange is entering "we'll just get our hair mussed" territory. e.g. even winning in that scenario is a loss … 
yes. yes it is … 
the fake typing sounds when you call @ comcast and get a recorded operator, as if the recording is typing. 
just an fyi, the @ nra does not sell guns. a gun does not cost less than a book in chicago. an ar15 is not an “assault rifle”. the 2nd amendment was not written so we could hunt or target shoot and if your argument is “muskets” you should be punched in the throat... you’re welcome 
where is everybody 
okay so this is so interesting because a lot of them are tied … 
my religious views differ from the views of some of my coworkers... they like to low-key make me try and feel like i need to change my life &follow them in order to be happier. they legit think i'm going to hell. like one time i mentioned to one of em that i think the church is 
i will always support al franken and john lewis and elijah cummings though! maybe a few more men but for me the list is getting less and less. we need more women to cut through the bs and get things done! 
since you're so uneducated allow me to enlighten you, egypt is 10 times more harsh on fakestinians than israel 
if thete,were justice in the world he'd find out just how bad isis is! 
this is why i need black friends. gotta feed my inner black. … 
exactly. @ senfeinstein is spot on. … 
bipartisanship should not be an end in itself. so again, if the commission’s purpose is to reduce firearm fatalities, what possible contribution would gop members offer? 
yes - i listened carefully to waleed’s arguments, but i can’t remember any reference to the role of personal responsibility in the workplace. where does that come in? or is there a veneer of ‘professionalism’ and it’s all sodom and gomorrah behind the scenes?? 
howdy @ lineman000001 and we are good! cool and just got back from a walk in the woods and holler with dixie. she is now a hot dog without the bun. 
i thought he was a whole homosexual....finally a sexual assault scandal that is a true & spiritual shocker. … 
im tired driving school is over 
when we went, there was a small fair going with local products, a traditional english barbeque and a few war veterans telling their stories. check their website for events! if you like cycling, we rode our bikes to several manors. a bike shop is in 7oaks. 
one photo is missing. the full name of the law firm is dewey, likta, cheatem, and howe. 
i'm definitely fake crying. but this is so sad wtf 
is july 
been a day...that is all. 
the dream is over 
is it a just cause or just look at 1 pic. @flipchartrick htt… 
social media is so toxic but i’m so bored 
— there's this amazing girl that you want me to be with... but, i honestly can't-- so, can you do me a favor and /stop beating so fast when i look into those beautiful eyes/." it's hard to pretend - pretend to be friends with someone when all you see is the — 
"allow children to express their sexuality" "allow children to express their sexuality" #greenparty @ natalieben what bs is this adam mcgregor? ur comments r worrying 
michael clifford is so ugly he made matt go even more blind 
nicotine itself is not bad...it’s the combustion that creates the problem. people don’t realize potatoes, eggplant (), tomatoes, etc. has nicotine as does tea & veg drinks (tomato juice, etc). 
#entertowin a jar of @ catspride fresh & light cat litter. 5 winners . @ taylorscozynook. find out about how the #litterforgood program is helping shelter kitties. each winner = 3x donation to a local shelter. 
it’s definitely both. which is terrifying. 
congratulations to @ vicparkci student emanuel who is @ citynews athlete of the week. gr8 shooter, go panthers! #basketball #tdsb @ tdsb @ vpslc 
found a transponder snail! execution! is this the straw hats' final moment?! 
no no no it's the truth. you're a lot nicer than he is and definitely a lot funnier. 
how fast is the universe expanding? new data suggests it's expanding faster than previously thought! … 
today is 2018-02-27 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
over/under on how long it is before someone brings up affirmative action, yet again, re-iterating my original point about privilege? 
to every 'know it all' perso saying parents and families 'don't get a say' in what is a normal part of grief....do your homework! you don't get to legislate of determine who is part of te conversation! 
target thinks the boycott is fine, same store sales yoy are up more than wall street forecast. 
exactly the same. private debt is out of control here. 
it's february in the midwest, the buds are out, spring is here. in alaska, the ice melts. … 
barbra streisand does an in-depth interview with variety, and all i can remember is that she cloned her dead dog. twice. 
no tea no shade but why is there a horse chilling in downtown orange? 
"yes, this is about you" … 
to all you bit hung and whining and pissing and moaning about the marcus peters trade. i have a question. is this something you are truly angry about or just need something else to bitch about? seriously the writing couldn’t be more clear on the wall. #chiefs..... 
yea twitter is cancelled … 
the acds 7/8 girls basketball team is tied with hillbrook 9-9 after the first quarter. #goacdscougars 
would've really liked to get nostalgic and see adtr tonight.. shit is sold out as a mo'fuckaaaa 
this is what i love from dumbfoundead..... … 
my child is a gift from god 
glad my dvr is set for your show each morning (7am mountain time) 
his voice is amazing ugh … 
all i want to do is wash my car! 
who else is battling the elements with @queltheo and myself for the uswnt game?!?!? 
the only reason this administration would be desperate to sell nuclear reactors to saudis is if they could somehow profit personally. will someone please investigate what cushy deal the saudis offered either trump or kushner? how much will trump’s family get as a quid pro quo? 
i think one of the biggest things i realized as i started working on the large scale project that i am is that time spent analyzing and contemplating how to implement a specific feature is just as important, if not more so, than the time spent actually doing so. 
this guy is stealing our air. 
those who deny there is a humanitarian crisis in venezuela are perhaps looking for mass famine, or vast refugee camps. neither can be found. the crisis exists in countless appalling stories like this. … 
"is there a reason you are not answering your phone?" "yes. i have caller id." 
it's twitter! you can mine anyone notable's mentions for insane, over the top attacks. but her own dismissiveness toward good faith criticism is among the reasons people are so distrustful of access journalists and legacy media. 
learn what the constitution says! you talk about history & don't even understand what the constitution says nor the intent of the founders. research jefferson's letter to the danbury baptists & make a real attempt to understand. separation *is* "how it used to be" and should be. 
every time i go to a rave i wish i was a boy, do u realise how hard it is to jump in a mosh pit without worrying bout ur hoops falling off/side bag breaking 
alize is still enjoying acapulco hot © @ 
in other words, since trump has declared that he likes to “grab ‘em by the pussy”, there is no point in holding him accountable for sexual assault. right on. 
hope is smart enough to bail after testifying. she learned what mueller knew by the nature of their questions over nine hours. she’s not delusional enough, like most of the others, are, to attach herself to trumps falling star 
thanks, julie. it was such a pleasure to talk to her and get a glimpse of what makes her so special. the interview is unedited, so it’s as real as possible 
i liked a @ youtube video yu-gi-oh! how good is mind control? 
my baby is turning 24 tomorrow 
the gym is not empty rn and i hate it 
why more non first rounders don't do this is beyond me. 
f2p is free pain 
trump is trying to in a practical way stop future shootings. but he is hurting citizen rights. he is trying to compensate for multiple system failures, pd cowardice. fbi negligence, but he wants to suggest guilty until proven innocent is ok 
#ninasimone once said "you can't help it. an artist's duty, as far as i'm concerned, is to… 
st. john's drivers! stop giving me the right-of-way when it's clearly yours. your samaritanism is going to get us both killed! 
is there one with lightning on it? 
the ease of it is precisely the problem. requiring a higher skill threshold to kill a score of people it a good thing. i agree, mental health is part of the issue, but deceive yourself into thinking it's the only factor. 
this is where we’re at. incredible 
is it bad that the . @ pardonmytake boys are making me like josh allen? 
peach say anytime i miss somebody i is put they picture up . she so right 
rir is perfectly innocent, is his namesake on fb, any criminal item is framing by the monson kolmeyer@groupies, jaxon, and brom, (theoretically speaking, orlando....maybe...so.....weren’t they in nl just this last week and a half? 17feb?) 
only relevant thing he's done since joining is scoring an offside goal 
one of the things i find most frustrating is that for something as simple and straightforward as the annual checkup no data exists supporting effectiveness 
so hard! they're both really rewarding. gregg is less sad, but still very relatable. 
what's in those iv bags almost every hospital patient gets and is it dangerous? 
@ whitehouse drugs aren't the only thing you upper crust abuse. you abuse the people with taxes and theft of monies and then get away with it over and over and over again. our gov't has taken the best thing we have- hope. there is no justice from man's moral laws! 
taking landon out in public is like being with the mayor. literally talk to every single person ever 
i don't know what goes on in utah, but hopefully this is a rarity … 
that’s right, colette. that bridge is…operated by exspheres. 
my best friend is a fuckin savage 
life is too short to have bad sex 
snopes says this statement is false. … 
@ moworldwide needs to just face facts that she’s not that funny, deserves what she’s getting paid, and is only one complaining about @ oprah n netflix n lionsgate. black comedians r getting paid from netflix n women comedians too. know your lane n what you’re worth smh 
confidently shitting on white people to white people in a professional setting is my cocaine 
michael jackson’s electric train set from neverland ranch is up for auction 
the world will remember you, now whether that’s good or bad is up to you. 
the ye ali feature on the june album is good as expected 
i think donald’s career is in far worse condition... 
marshmallow underpants it is! … 
man city v chelsea: pep guardiola says antonio conte is a 'master' tactician 
the store is in knoxville, tennessee. i didn’t get his name though. 
yay. it is awesome you are loving it. 
when is enough enough … 
wow, amazing! host peak is broadcasting on ,come to join! 
“,,,you have a cute face.” is that?? “thanks. i don’t know how to be comfy. i just don’t wanna be forgotten.” 
that's all i use. php is flat amazing. by far the easiest and most straightforward language i've used for the web. 
judd hoos is opening for hairball... i apologize for the snaps in advance people. 
smile,spring is on the way … 
mohamed salah is my premier league player of the month #fifa18 @ easportsfifa 
“this is a story that was worth risking your life for” – hear from the first oscar-nominated syrian, feras fayyad, as he talks about his documentary ‘last men in aleppo’ with reuters tv: 
this is what happens whenever putin gives an interview. life is too short for propaganda! 
my fav manager is da bombbbb on the styling tip i’m so proud of her 
so like when is yoongi gonna drop that tony montana feat jimin version 
i liked a @ youtube video terroriser vs moo. who is the king of the carnival? (golf it funny moments) 
bruh being with another capricorn is so fun im so much like my mans ahhhh 
the taking time part is where most people will give up on acceptance, but there’s always going to be that time lag between your new calm reactions & your brain getting the right message. 
who is the right person for you? (personality test) via @ youtube 
fellas is it gay wanting to spend a whole life with kang jaehee, living together and making coffee every single day for each other while holding hands and at the end of the day cuddle in bed and whispering into her ear how much i love her? 
i don't really disagree, but i've had this argument with several people who don't like the ending because it rewards the protagonists shitty behavior. i think ending with them headed to jail is a little too dark for this movie. 
the biggest surprise for me is that i figured icahn was way smarter than to hang out with that short-fingered walking disaster 
what is the fairy tale of your life? 
this is extremely moving and honest. thank you for sharing such a deeply personal experience. 
so???? all that means is the right man has fit the job ! errr ... gender neutral person ! 
@ therock is a legend 
#poe is definitely bottoming out. good time to buy possibly ifyou like this altcoin. … 
it’s my understanding that @ aswsu is holding a suicide support event on monday for students. also @ aswsu_pres has been involved with @ wsu_cougar_pres and are supportive and active 
if you drink 13.8 5hour energy drinks you’ll have 69 hours of energy, which we all know is in fact the sex number 
beautiful woman is one of the world, ugly woman thing only of you. 
var is awesome when you use it. #seavlafc 
"being a hux is a disadvantage." 
'this is not going to end well': trump's friends & allies are worried he's spiraling out of control-& they say this time different. dt “invited biz leaders to wh w/o allowing secret service to check their backgrounds & screen them for entry, nbc reports.” … 
just like that inventory is over with thank you bby jesus ! fueraaaa estresss lol 
#furman is playing really good defense. unfortunately, #etsu is playing amazing defense. 
this year’s ensemble cabaret is this friday night at 7! grab some friends and come to the senior commons to enjoy a night of music from the movies! ticket price is $5, but for students it is two tickets for only $8! see an ensemble member for tickets! 
this guy is on … 
this is amazing, i am in! 
i think you capture both of them beautifully, and adam's face is such a conundrum to me when i try to draw him. i also love the sketches of han and baby ben. 
when is the regency era? 
my lip is swollen today and i love it lol. i need fillers. 
call your representatives-do not be lackadaisical and assume it won't pass. as responsible gun owners this is a direct attack against you and the second amendment. it is not just the list-read the descriptors of each type of weapon-most on the not banned list would become banned … 
no dd:< it is u 
#nowplaying @ euniceumusic - great is your name via #praiseworldradio 
and as much as i enjoy reading you, commenting on this tweet is like pissing into the wind. unless you really think that eating brooklyn bbq while quaffing an les draught is just too elitist for midwestern sensibilities. 
yes, i know the english word for otoped is scooter.. though mas ivanlanin will be pissed too because indonesian transliteration should be otopet.. 
it's nice of you to backup you're boyfriend's stance on things, but saying he has four people in his camp is silly. spencer has a lot of friends and supporters around the world, today won't change that. what may change is the public event track, but we'll see. 
deep man the feedback is wild !! … 
sorry, i never saw the movie love actually. i have no idea what that clip is about. 
yeah,the truth is a shit 
trade imbalance, domestic pricing/reporting structure and global instability is hurting dairy farmers again. many will sell out this year to not face eroding equity like 2012, 08/09. do your own research. media is corrupt. dont buy into its division agenda. wake up america. 
new podcast is here! we recap the weekend in houston and preview texas tech. we also share some exciting news for the podcast! … 
larry is incredible. i really was fascinated by everything that happens to mako. 
hope all is well, alan??? 
oh wow. which is the father and which is the muther? get me? sick ppl … 
how hard is it to fix overbite when you need uppers and lowers 
rt this is 5sos have done any of the following: -been there for you when no one else was -inspired you to do something you normally wouldn’t -made you stronger -pushed you to continue fighting -made you happy when nothing else would -made inspiring music 
a solid step forward for #lebanon within #vnr preps to @ evalsdgs under the patronage of pm @ saadhariri... one among other 6 countries in #evalmena... #lebeval is always there to support. … 
continuing our foundations series by examining the patrol system (or method?). why is it a part of scouting, how does it function, and what's our role is in making them happen? … 
i got money here saying that the kitchen and living room is still trashed back at the apartment 
"the truth is simple. lies are complex. the truth comes in sentences. lies... in paragraphs. pay attention to this when someone is communicating with you." - @ stevemaraboli #quote 
it's not surprising that there is a brain drain in sf. :/ did you read about the apartment list survey about how 68 percent of millennials said they have saved less than $1,000 for a down payment? w/ high cost of living/ low saving, it's near impossible to own a home in sf 
this is amazing #automotivation not a restoration. a literal re-birth of a classic db4 - new in every respect and … 
8 million stories is the reason why phife dawg is in my opinion one of the dopest rappers ever. he raps like he doesnt rap for a living. like he's an everyman. its amazing. "all these trails and tribulations i've been affected, and to top it off starks got ejected" 
regardless of what he did on the pitch, tony adams has done absolutely nothing of value for anyone in football or at arsenal since he retired 16 years ago. the idea that he ‘coached’ ashley cole, or would have any positive impact at arsenal today, is fanciful. 
reminder last date for payment is sat 17th march. if not paid, your name will be removed from the list to give others a chance to go. 
@ kimkardashian is going off today!!! 
today is my weekly session of questioning my decision to be back in school for my phd. i feel so inadequate and underprepared for comps and the dissertation process. 
is it tho 
hi megan. my email is fb linked: … phone 805-636-0747 (but i don't hear so well) i'm at the motley a couple times a week (i have the only laminated, lifetime free coffee card for the motley). :) cheers 
the swift protocol is a dao-based protocol that implements a universal basic income (ubi) … abstract the swift protocol is an implementation of a decentralized autonomous organization (dao) 
paul is the funniest #tmobiletuesdays + 
hi beth. i apologize for the inconvenience. stores in your area may be temporarily out of matcha but they will be restocked soon! your patience during this time is much appreciated. -bill 
jeff flake (r-ariz.) says senators talk about “tuesday trump” and “thursday trump.” the first is the agreeable dealmaking trump, the second is trump after his base and special interests get to him. per david axelrod’s podcast. 
the funny thing is, it’s true 
i miss jungkook :( i wonder how he is these days, and i really hope he's not overworking too much 
poe really is a disaster gay 
pretty nuts that that is the situation we're in now. 
professor: there is too much tragically hip in this chapter. me: 
this is truth. @ twitter stop censoring us and censor real fake news like @ … 
sadō in japanese is a choreographed ritual of preparing and serving rich japanese green tea.… 
hold on, the best is yet to come :') 
is this guy still on the bus??? 
so sorry hun. bedtime story it is 
saraveza ( @ saraveza): double mountain kolsch ( @ doublemountain) is on, replacing barley brown's little alps vienna lager ( @ barleybrowns) 
@ carlruiz is the most entertaining chef on television. period. 
4 tweets is not blowing up twitter girl. do it more often 
in just a moment on @ cbsmiami, details on the gun bill that just passed and @ defede explains why this is a big loss for the nra in florida. 
@ ivankatrump is being investigated by the fbi and @ foxnews has failed to report it. 
me: should i come in later? athe snow is gonna get bad everyone: lol its not even snowing me: (now stuck in the snow and only went in for them to close the store early) 
this is a must read for anyone wondering about the key issues in the #yorku strike. #cupe3903 … 
got some girl scout cookies tonight and the girls were singing songs practicing their sounds. i don’t know who their teacher is or what school they go to, but their teacher should be proud! wish i thought to get their picture! 
im glad that in the first 10 mins of i want to eat your pancreas it already showed why is the title like this, hahaha been wondering lmao bc its kinda gross hahaha 
when it comes to border security, walls work. watch to find out more about why infrastructure is a critical element of securing the border. 
dear maggie haberman, a shorter way to say "contrary to the truth" is to simply say he "lied". you can say that about donald and his guys, it's okay to say they "lied". 
turnbull's govt have done nothing but bag shorten. it is their only method to get themselves re elected. is it working??? … 
@ pokemongoapp question, is there a way to transfer my pokemon account to another google account, different from the original? 
besides the running part, track is actually a lot of fun 
what if the kid is willing to behave after punishments but other kids at school start to make fun of him with the video ? kids with the history of bullying others might not take that well. who know what he will do to retaliate? 
i feel like goldblum saying "shits lit" is going to be something i think about every day for the rest of my life. … 
double mountain kolsch ( @ doublemountain) is on, replacing barley brown's little alps vienna lager ( @ barleybrowns) 
#teampatriot i long for the night when trump is no longer in my white house. what a wonderful night that will be. soon. … 
whoah seriously aayah lmao my family is so extra imma find that too for myself 
mixtape logic was , but album logic is cringe af … 
but,,, you see,,, the thing is ,,,, ha ragione … 
no...the topic of this entire thread is on creationism/evolution...it stemmed from ken hamm's post...and shared dna among species is evolution...you switched to abiogenesis...which all evidence points to...but you actually don't have a point...just antagonism 
@ amazonhelp @ jeffbezos later on i was also told that 'ragini g' who mailed me that i will be able to order after 8 hours simply lied and misinformed. what the hell is going on?? one customer guy is telling one thing and another is saying that the first one is wrong. 
retweet. follow the train car list. follow the retweeters. find the follow list of your new followed. the rabbit hole is deep for those that dig. godspeed. 
this is why we love you … 
should saints target jimmy graham & is deontay wilder the g.o.a.t fanview live ep9 
your deluded is an appropriate reply i think! 
lucky for us, we know a 3rd amigo who is pretty weathly himself and is kind enough to compliment others on his birthday (thought it slipped by without anyone noticing, eh?...) 
some people like to rant about it, but stuff like this actually is a significant part of why wow outlives so many other mmos that were arguably better in significant ways. there keeps being cool and goofy stuff to share with friends. … 
he really is udivdi he's waiting for the food now 
forcing someone to birth a child of rape is just insane. 
i think they’re the only program in the country to have their coach quit on them. even he couldn’t take how shitty it is. 
the only person i know who says fuck nearly as much as i do is @ bastilledan. high fucking five, mate! 
happiness is a choice, not a result. nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy. 
i don't know what it is exactly with shia lebouf but god damn 
that's fine. but first they need to get decent income to have their own money. in 2016, women working full time in the usa typically were paid just 80 percent of what men were paid, a gap of 20 percent. the gap is worse in developing countries. so first #reducethegap 
yes this. my sons death is the worst thing i've been through in my life. worse than my mom & husband abandoning... 
actually, i do not realize that at all. probably because it is untrue. 
excuse me, v's color is not that brown, but the picture below is a picture taken during the interview that looks very similar to real skin color! :) 
hahahamy poor heart is never gonna heal you know 
my point exactly! so tell me: why do you brainwashed #trumpturds always throw up the clintons or obamas when you have no viable defense for #traitortrump & his actions? that "whataboutism" is so lame & boring. smdh. 
is that your bae 
in season 7 rachel gets pulled over and the police man says she's an aquarius but before states her birthday is may 5th??? 
ridiculous. well, the team might tell mueller, but i donʻt think that is how things really work. is it? 
lmao and your trouble is always legit trouble 
odell is just passing the pussy to someone else. that’s a great friend. 
art is what you can get away with 
they will give you x-ray vision and super strength, but the trade off is you will also have violent shits. 
the nature of the #bitcoin wallet is one-use. you won't find thousands of transactions coming into a single wallet, most likely. that said i have a wallet i use that i give out freely on the internet so i'll be keeping that one open. i'm sure there are many schemes, tho. 
i’ve watched a few of barkhad abdi’s movies and i must say that his acting skills is unparalleled. 
my whole body is in pain. 
thanks for the suggestion - turns out the kindle version is currently $1.99, so that'll be my weekend reading. 
lawsuit is coming. unconstitutional 
thank you so much sandy/chibiusa!!! i love you so much! the one thing i really wish is that i'm hoping you'll come to wondercon this year. 
yo lmao this shit is crazy asf. 
tickets are still available for pancake breakfast tomorrow 8-10 am. get them online or stop by. the easter bunny is ready to hop by! 
i know jongin fans are hostile but this is another level of hostility lol pls continue with the narrative nobody is worthy of stanning jongin except a few chosen ones. it's pretty entertaining. 
michael is so fucking lucky to have such a loving and appreciative girlfriend like crystal, michael is being loved and im so happy for him 
the future is selling girl scout cookies please invent a new nnid for my japanese 3ds or just use my american one... 
ifew is caring for rico because she’s the one responsible for rico’s nausea and puke, the noodles were full and pepper. and then she sprinkled him with water. #bbnaija 
i have no idea what the story is 
that's still only an expression of an opinion, that i proved to him was wrong. wrong because he is appealing to the authority of the climate change establishment, and ignoring the failed application of the sci. method in the agw premises. 
omg i feel bad that she is hacked does anybody know who hacked her 
i love scrolling through @ suspiciousnoodl's artwork. watching their avatar's steady evolution is a pretty fun experience. the steady shift of species and specifics; it's kinda like watching one of those "rise of man" slideshows. 
is the uk becoming a dictatorship? 
what is the most important thing to you? 
lol believe me this is rare very rare !! 
@ fullyfocusedmed there is a song that used to play pretty consistently during the third period during stoppages in play, but now it plays during the first. it's rocked out and and kind of whiny. i can't make out any words at all. do you have any idea which one i'm talking about? 
the evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft i... … #williamshakespeare #shakespeare #quote #quotes 
band of horses - no one is ever going to love you … 
i guess this depends on what you define as “fixed”? for me, not getting a period at all is my preferred fix. 
lobster is pretty much tasteless. caviar is salty raw fish. fillet steak isn't as tasty as cheaper cuts. 
2004 volvo s40 1.9t. only 74k miles on it! yes, you read that right 74k!!! this thing is beautiful! very well... 
is that the flag of the fascist states of copistan? 
it is close to game time!!! 
is she ok do you know, nick? 
what happened??? the same old little bunch of rude stans is bullying the vas again? 
veronica is crap. and i love [rec], by the same director. 
so proud!! this is well deserved #louisbestfans 
today is 2018-03-11 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
sex is supposed to be fun not boring. don’t forget to laugh. 
what is a kpop but center bottom is me going insane thx 
my rant is not shade towards pm they’re talented i’m literally only shading iheart radio itself dont worry lol 
so his solution is to sell more guns by arming teachers. got it - bowing to nra once again. no surprise. 
current @ trainerbase featured #trainer is: sue hewitt at 
they would want the states deciding so they can more easily contest ( the nra that is vs.states, they speak for trump) (kinda like putin). 
sometimes the decision everyone tells you is bad is the only one that’s actually good for you 
this is why i stay home and take early naps... it was a great nap though 
we all know that it’s starship’s fault, no one is mad at monsta x lol we’re bitter they’re coming back when wjsn is getting pai... — i’ve seen people blame monsta x so we have every reason to be defensive when it’s not monsta x’s... … 
the thing about betsy devos is i actually think she has an argument that eduction dollars should go to students instead of institutions, but there's no concomitant recognition of the danger that creates for public schools. 
there is no use trying to use logic with an ideolog, caldwell. the only thing they give a shit about is what they think they are entitled to. they could care less about logic, altruism, or anyone else - as long as they get paid to protest, obstruct, & get their own petulant way. 
add a third division if the talent is there (which it clearly is), doesn't have to be streamed, just moderated. teams that could legit have won the rival series not getting a chance to compete for anything isnt right. 
ay this heck is chune … 
the night becomes the dawn to prove that love goes on it's written in the stars and in my heart of hearts with you is where i still belong 
reading a lot of complaints about @ nhl officiating. league is going to replace on-ice officials with people who tweet from home so they don't have to know how to skate. 
physics is gonna consume me before cigarettes do, save this tweet 
okay but this is me??? 
under his own hoodie he is wearing his own tee yo can you imagine 
behind the scenes, obama is pushing this anti-trump republican to mount a primary challenge against trump - … - @ dcstatesman 
germany’s world cup kit is a thing of beauty! #germany 
happy what would be 104th b-day to the late great nascar driver lee petty! his son is nascar legendary driver richard petty! 
endorse—but we aren’t changing to constitution to allow this until your contract is up … 
oh i get it: betsy devos is in charge because guns don't do school shootings, schools do school shootings? 
@ lloydbanks "i'm increable the one thing i will never do is slip up. that's how you let these bitch niggas a head of you." 
don’t ever feel like you’re worth than what you are just because someone is treating you poorly. always remind yourself of your worth! don’t let anyone belittle you. 
words can't express how adorable this actually is. like seriously 
another successful workout..i know my #fitfam is crushing their workouts as well. 
@ results_tweets held its real change policy summit in washington d.c. from march 4-6. staff writer jana julian attended to hear how the organization is advocating for u.s. and global anti-poverty campaigns focused on health, education, and economic opportunity. 
#chive dad’s brutal prank is 100% justice served! (4 photos & video) 
i really don't know why i bother to go on kpop communities when got7 release something when i know it's the same rehash opinions with every fucking song. although now it's a tiny bit better because 'oh, got7 has great bsides though' because that is what being chanted all the time 
current @ trainerbase featured #trainer is: george ashby at 
having heater issues, so i called a popular #clt company. this is who its sending. pretty good 
hillary is still bitching that she lost the election? 
life is crap 
our god is able to perform any miracle and i believe god can heal him! 
mina? my little baby is going to be in a movie? 
lynn, you might be the cutest and kindest person in existence. i am so sorry for your lost. tell me if there is anything i can do for you <3 
..and what is it that you crave this time beautiful? 
love this blog on #raredisease advocacy by @ anne_bruns: “advocacy, in all its forms, is the most incredible act of service and love that i have come across.” … 
this is so well edited miles i’m screaming … 
my sense is @ tgowdysc has been “a good soldier” for the @ housegop and @ devinnunes used him and maybe even lied to him in order to get cleared through the ethics charges and has decided he has had … 
correction if you don’t “love” ariana then something is wrong with your heart 
she wasn’t fired because that would make too much sense. you need to either commit crime, waste millions of taxpayer money or disagree with trump. being horrible at your job doesn’t get u fired. exhibit a is ben carson. 
no one with a shred of decency and honesty can take a job in dumbo's admin. anyone who is not a dumbo ass kisser with half a brain and the chutzpah to disagree with him gets fired by twitter. he even has general kelly lying for him!! couldn't reach the sec'y of state for 2 days?? 
also i think i have an std so now my life is complete. 
the dia is a jewel and is the venue for the @ waynecountymi state of the court 
it's one of those voices that almost takes over your own emotions. she is so good. she does a lovely version of abba's i have a dream too. 
illegal should not be rewarded.deport parents.give a path for the illegal children.if they break laws=gangs.deport them.this is what people want. 
i had 15-year season ticket holder email me today asking if he could mail me a $50 cheque for #melnykout as he couldn’t pay online. this is not a small group of social media malcontents. people care that their community team is being run into the ground. #sens 
melia is obviously a robot. look at that photo. 
no motivation to study, and junior year is almost over 
kevin hart is not funny at all 
the guy in the background is blushing!! why? 
get ready for the return of the queen of hell. ana is going to get her hero asters back. she… 
yes- it is sketch honey pot- pretty sure usa also has jurisdiction there 
i do not want my follower count artificially-inflated by anybody who is so naive, empty-headed, &/or russophobic, as to blindly believe the most basic claim of the uk govt + presstitute media's #skripal #hoax – that *anybody* is actually ill, at all – without *actual evidence*. 
intoxicated feelings is currently my most popular song on spotify! thanks everyone who’s streaming it! how... 
we all know beebo is gonna win this poll so why even bother? 
i understand what you mean, but as someone with a progressive motor disease, i can say it doesn't quite equate, particularly (i imagine) if one is born deaf vs losing physical ability over time. still, not sure i'd change it either. i like who i am, physical pecularities & all. 
criminal calling a criminal a criminal..... i believe their is a saying for that. 
@ washingtonpost is the worst... … 
i am writing a paper on why ghost are real...this is senior year 
congratulations @ conorlambpa . the #bluewave2018 rolls stronger today, and is gaining momentum. … 
. @ bringurknapsack and @ nebita have boldly and entirely reinvented @ brckhmptn's "lamb" with a remix that is equal parts uptempo electronic and nostalgic, emotion-filled ballad … 
ice is just a way for water to be cool. hah get it 
can someone please explain to me how every single movie that comes out is said to be the “number one top rated movie of the year” ?? 
i’m hungry and i ain’t got a car to go get me something to eat. starvation it is 
dear daddy @ govwike's gud works for his state as their governor is endless and truly impactful in d lives of all. 
i know people are trying to make me feel better when they talk like it is destiny i won't be unemployed/homeless but the fact of the matter is that i have to work to get out of this hole and find the right people willing to pull me out. good is not fate. good is action. 
it is! 
bro, i know plenty. giving drug dealers the death penalty is absolutely fucking ridiculous and unfair. idc. … 
my brain: man sci-fi but the mc is from the country would be good 5 seconds later my brain: star wars. you’re talking about star wars. you fool 
it is probably just my friends fucking around 
love this. i hope funding is an endless pipeline to continue this innovative, brilliant and cost-effective way to solve so many problems that typically require expensive and limited resources. 
unless this is featuring beyoncé, delete it. … 
agree. back in the day the hawks received 2 #1s for fredd young. earl is worth more than young by a long ways. 
father father father helps us send some guidance from above these people got me got me questioning where is the looooveee 
is the cold war back? maybe. 
it is with legal eu migrants, it doesn't do anything for illegals but neither will #brexit 
jonghyun's "i just need a..." is soooo underrated!! figth me!! 
first 20-miler since october is in the books. despite sinking into a hole covered with leaves… 
boi is definitely a gender neutral term 
sheena's real name is violent demonic banshee. 
one of the saddest things i’ve ever done is not take advantage of the 6 month now tv prize i won on last years mcdonald’s monopoly - could have had comedy central. 
over the back is a different story, if you’re referring to tate’s last foul. 
#ncat is some sketchy niggas at a&t staircase near the cafe wearing all black and one all red niggas was finna walk up on me but i left 
how much is it to do a twitter promotion or a facebook ad? i see them a lot and i feel like it must bring in some new people. 
becca's gourmet goodies mission is to make delicious treats that you'd never know were gluten-free. just because you have dietary restrictions, it doesn't mean you have to miss out on classics. you can find these delicious treats at the first 6 dates of the longmont season! 
yes!! this is the best show on television! #renewagentsofshield 
interesting question to me is, where does it go? back into the athletic department only, or also to support other facets of the university? 
i think kotor is too real and you're pissed because the day was going so well 
#hillaryclinton @ dennisdmz is the man! … 
jin is so handsome im:(( 
this is what a “leader” looks like @ ndjacknolan, @ ndmikebrey & @ tnoiendi 
maybe this is what being bi rly is torn between masters programs 
there is a rainbow outside right now and it’s so beautiful 
cloudy but as long as no snow all is good. 
having a headache, is the maddest thing. 
unfortunately due to steam restrictions, the early beta access is only available for pre-ordering on 
i liked a @ youtube video prs paul reed smith john mayer silver sky | why is everybody so bent out of shape? 
earl is way better than gibbs ?? you smoking bro 
sometimes leadership is identifying the better path to take and being able to admit it in the face of naysayers. 
if anyone is debating whether or not going to see all time low live i’m telling you now it’s worth it so so much, i’ve seen them twice now and they’re some of the best nights of my life i highly recommend seeing them 
the discord is full of spiders and i'm dying 
so do i if that woman is stupid enough to still support trump! 
oh no. this is the first one where i am truly stumped. they’re so different 
my buddy is name dropping me on his tinder. smart man. 
everyone is getting new cars. i low key want one. 
my dog is a dog ophthalmologist always working the eyes @perth amboy, new jersey 
don't be fooled by the title, the mistakes prove the book of mormon is scripture. 
new river taphouse ( @ 20taps): kindred spirit headspace ( @ ksbrewing) is on, replacing greenbrier valley devil anse ipa ( @ gvbrewingco) 
but at all this is bullshit 
@ rogerfederer is my idol, again and again he shocks the world. hands down greatest of all time 
too bad the luck of the irish camp is shit! 
he who hesitates is thrown in a steel cage with a metal probe in his ass. 
it is, but by no means is that the cause. 
i know i'm romanticising it as someone who only sees its best bits as an outsider, but i do submit that the thames is genuinely gorgeous, especially in this light 
friendship is the best! 
every foul is against #ut 
i have 99 problems , but generating leads and making sales is not one. secure your spot on out next training here: 
you like krishna? achutam keshavam is a blessing then! melodious...didn't know you were a hindu and practice it :-) — thank you, i am playing it now.... the flute in the beginning . i really admire bollywood songs d... … 
i just got iff work what happened is diego okay 
wasted time is the worst 
we have a plan in place to protest in colusa county if mueller is fired. follow the link for details … 
so ig horowitz--the one who recommended mccabe's firing--is an obama appointee? wow! one principled appointee slipped through? #maga 
tripping over your own feet is a foul now? 
all is in the darkness in the past. please do not throw me away. help me. #神山先生bot 
true pundit rpts:”flake, who is set to retire after this term, is considered the second-least popular senator according to a detailed january poll by morning consult.” the arrogance of ‘the flake’ swamp rat. …. 
this place is nuts. 
it is the case!!!! ur an angel 
drake and josh is on hulu just so u know. there's like no way you've seen all 47 episodes. 
black men’s blood pressure is cut along with their hair | california healthline 
so vegan avocado brownies is how you keep that gorgeous figure? thanks for revealing your secret. 
love or hate the kardashians, @ robkardashian looks so much healthier and is clearly committed to being there for his daughter. 
if i have feelings for you im not gonna hide it. love was not meant to be tucked away under a rock. it is only useful if words are teamed with actions. maybe i should wait til i know its reciprocal but i want to tell the world i love mavis <3 
it is working. mueller will be fired. there is no constitutional crisis if nothing is done. 
“letters come in 8 languages, english, spanish, russian, arabic, french, japanese, korean, and chinese in simplified and traditional script.“ this is the future and djt’s dream, probably. … 
fair enough and i think ill just get a normal ticket cause j just realised the $110 is only early entry, to get a m&g its $170 
the arch is the tallest free standing structure 
i don't look at it like an affliction, whatever happens was written and ordained by allah and he is the best of planners. 
actually, that sofa is a designer piece. so most likely no. 
i gaze solemnly out of the car window. droplets of rain slide down and collect on its surface. the pigeon-grey sky is clouded over and thick with cold crisp moisture. i turn to you and say what we have both been thinking: i want to have the president 
shepard smith, you should travel to india where hillary is and you can compare your similar views. watch those bathtubs though..... … 
when will the madness stop. this administration is taking us back to the stone age. … 
as with all of kaufman’s work love him or hate blassie is the #1 all time heel of all time on my list 
good to know our boy is getting enough water … 
this girl just said bermuda is more of an island than a country i'm fed tf up 
one of the major reasons is because of you and other swamp rats to stay in washington so long creating the legislation that you do. it is your fault swamp rat. #termlimits 
boqueria in barcelona is one of my favorite markets in the world … 
the question is how can we save the world from lhen? 
the invasion is getting larger every new day until we renogotiate nigeria. 
2 years ago today i came out as “the shooter is white” 
can't trust anyone who doesn't think twitter is the best social media 
@ 9thmannation /william hill shut down arena fan after 20 yrs talk show/ one more chance cause bill is nottt playing gms 
is jim carrey in an asylum where painting is the afternoon arts and crafts project? 
she is a voice of the victim ,she is making sure the victim is seen as a real person ,a beautiful child who deserves justice. 
come on, jump out at me, come on, bring everything, is it too much to ask for something great? 
so a supposedly educated person like yourself is still eating high sugar junk food at your age? wow, just wow 
lol cool pictures when someone is super good at what they do wips look better than finished products ;-; 
i usually keep around selenite just cos its an overall good crystal to have around + i use it to cleanse my cards too. usually rose quartz is a go-to for me to use in a reading too cos of its positive / loving vibes 
my build your voice team is ready to go. get the voice official app to play. 
: 'this is the most important midterm election of our lifetime' - @ … 
living in the ‘burbs has its perks! my crossover is at your service. the trunk is nice and roomy. 
this analysis of the previous tr movies is interesting, though i don't agree with the end of the video: … 
save heimlich!!!!! my seven year old is currently protesting in her room because i told her the bad news. bugs land was her favorite part of our trip last summer. 
this is disgusting! … 
we are begging the gop to stop being complicit spineless power hungry traitors. change now or you will will be charged once we hit the voting booths. writing is on the wall. wake up gop. impeach trump and save yourselves 
wisdom is the principal thing therefore get wisdom. in all thy getting get understanding. 
it was a long time ago and i don't remember all the steps. even after i said delete, it said it would be available should i change my mind. to this day if i click on a link to fb page, it tries to get me back. fb is insidious. try here. … 
thank you for your great videos me and my 4 year old love to watch my hubby is even a fan now #trackersummergiveaway! 
i've been skeptical, yet experimental, since october 2016. but thanks to @ mysticxlipstick and my muhfuggin dawg @ heretoheal101 i'm finally starting to believe that this shit is for real for real. as in today, i'm finally accepting that energy work is real lmfao. 
got around to purchasing my planet ticket to reno for blfc. now all i gotta do is wait... 
grayson bailey dolan is too pure 
found a transponder snail! after two years, luffy is making moves again! 
a friend of mine is moving to sf soon, cause i am so succinctly 
people that say, “give me”, or “i need” are the absolute worst. what you need is some manners. try it out. 
he didn't hurt anything i can understand the concern and he probably shouldn't have gone there but what all kids need is to be shown a good example and some love 
for women in health care, is danger part of the job? … via @ glamourmag 
trump is a crook. people like you who support him so blindly shows how weak you are because you usurp a supposed strong man’s perception of himself. what has america done to your self-esteem. bye bye bot. 
to be honest from all yonghwa's drama i find only ttm and the package are interesting... heartstring has great ost..but they can't developed the story til like ep 8... i even can't watch the other drama til finished (mhiyd) though he is so gorgeous there (his supreme era) … 
so i looked it up, the actual bayonet lug is on the front end of the a frame gas block. i don't know if you knew that but i had no idea haha 
first batch of syrup is done. #spring2018 #sapfarmers #perfect … 
muller isn’t done investigating if there was collision or not. and yes, it is a crime. 
i’m not sure who is worse you or trump. actually i’m sure it’s trump. but you are a close second. 
mine is very bad...you wouldn't want that 
this is his personal account. he's allowed to have and express whatever opinions he wants on it. but let's be real. your problem isn't his bias. it's that his bias is liberal. 
ok time to keep going on my dgm reread to complete the reading pandora hearts and things that pandora hearts reminded me of journey and can i just say i actually really love the art at the beginning. like hoshino's art now is amazing obviously but early dgm art was also so good 
its not that i'm not troubled by mf's performances. i'm more frustrated with the journalistic approach that smuggly assumes it has him squirming but clearly after 2 years rehashing questions, doesn't and is a cut and paste job of a pinned thread from an internet troll. 
your question is thought provoking. for me what it comes down to is a sense thar order must prevail or the bad guys win...which is injustice. i cannot abide systematic deceit. 
mark anthony conditt is a terrorist. mark anthony conditt is a terrorist. mark anthony conditt is a terrorist. mark anthony conditt is a terrorist. mark anthony conditt is a terrorist. mark anthony conditt is a terrorist. mark anthony conditt is a terrorist. … 
you know your dad is best dad when you are both singing destiny's child- i'm a survivor in the living room at the top of your lungs 
you do know! so much! this is terrific! 
i love all the fifa& chill’s they do, comes with lots of variety which is hella cool 
looool haha adorable. i know right. every single character is awesome.. the stories, family time.. romance. sab kuch ⚘ 
that wasn’t your point. and no, they are not dictatorships because political opponents don’t start disappearing. instead it is reserved for a state of emergency. dictatorships are not equivalent to democracies—even when said democracies declare martial law. 
on the ps2, i like to put in old games, check the save files from when i was in elementary school. check everything out i was doing as a kid. i agree it is something very cool to see. 
half the work of getting something done is getting rid of (or not voting for them) the people who don’t care or aren’t doing enough or those opposed to the issues americans care about. @ markamodeinv2 #cantsuspendme #imnotinhighschool 
@ simplisafe what is the upgrade path for existing customers? are you not offering a buyback or discount for your new system? seeing that you fixed all the security flaws and issues your loyal customers have been complaining about these last few years. 
well said @ lthomasnews - the cavalry will be the fighters themselves once we’ve banded together through the @ projspearhead platform. collective action and solidarity do not happen overnight, but given the card count to-date we are optimistic the tide is finally turning … 
this is huge. no one, to our knowledge has been granted immunity by mueller. … 
@ iaauditor you would know! when is the bobble head night for stalock 
no this post is about noam chomosky 
avon campaign 8 is here! - … 
aidan is the bane of my life sometimes 
seeing people's reactions to vr experiences is one of the reasons we continue to be passionate about creating our ancient history vr content. love the idea of the @ bbc's #vrbox to get more people to try out the incredible … 
there is always this iconic pic as well 
dont! who else is gonna show me love lol like really 
it's the gd white house - $31,000 is not that out of line. in fact it's not bad in context. replacing curtains in a room at wh could run $15,000. always drama 
conrad appel is a weird dude. never allows disagreement. blocks tons of voters on twitter. sues people regularly. hopeless. … 
zabeen hirji shares why she's excited to be the chair of @ civicactiongtha: 1. civicaction is the neutral sandbox that convenes people to tackle our city's most pressing issues. 2. civicaction is on a mission to change the face of leadership. we want to make change faster. 
there is hope 
new #fiction the ghost and the dragon ella meets server (the painting is in the story) next part tomorrow 
pre-orders live now - sci-fi sequel "pacific rim: uprising" is coming to steelbook with an hmv 4k & 3d exclusive - @ hmvtweets #steelbook - 
jesus h. christ. it's looking like #brexit is less a political movement and more like a bizarre situationist prank. … 
ok and your proposal for reform is.... 
i watch as my teenager grows into an adult and hope, with all that is good, that he uses the gift of tech to his advantage, and not be ruined by it...there is a line and we need to make ss aware b/c “this” abundant amount of info did not exist years ago @ principal_h #wondertwins 
how is your availability tomorrow afternoon? free 2pm mst by any chance? 
she is single fellas!!! … 
if someone walks up to you, and in front of the entire world tells a big lie about how evil and terrible you are, what is your reaction? are you very concerned about sympathy for the liar in that moment? 
new world ashes is so emotional 
facebook is full of inbreds 
lmaoooo this is still thee funniest !!! … 
the most wasted of all days is one without laughter. -e. e. cummings 
no owen is attempting to save the country not just the labour party! 
is this better? 
lol— what a shock! your puppet committee says you weren’t guilty, and they blame obama. yawn. btw, so what reward are you giving devin nunes, mr. president? or is he being blackmailed right along with you? 
dubstep is like pizza. when its bad you regret the whole situation and wish youd gotten something else. when its good you think its all youll ever need in your life ever again. 
direct insults of rural people demonstrating lack of knowledge and awareness- strike 2, descrimination and ignorance. btw, arran is home to excellent whisky, soaps and mustard. woolly jumpers come from the aran islands off the north coast of ireland! 
@ cathynewman he « gotchya » once, what i am saying is that @ jordanbpeterson will get you again !!! (i can already see the thug life videos) 
trumps got this, omnibus is not a budget. is is a recommendation. 
clearly this man is not seeing good... what make me jump in this taxi 
where would you get that idea? because trump isn’t a libertarian? well name the last president who was? your comment is nonsensical but i’m willing to hear you out. 
without dropping names, is there a fake tough guy on the lakers? 
3. however, i'm sorry sir, we have bigger problems. we have a system that is failing or has failed and needs to be fixed either by force, fire or blood (pardon the lamguage), or its gonna die pretty soon and the least we'd worry about is human capital development. 
whore is my new favorite word. 
ur the only girl wh oi think is secsy 
damn, i forgot how enjoyable writing at a bar is... — at the bull and whistle bar … 
@ cbssportscbb not cool saying it is like my 3 daughters making a decision on a blouse referring to how long it takes the refs to make a decision. #dobetter #notok 
jeez, dude. creep-o-meter is off the charts here. smarten up. 
all my munchies together for my roxanne movie but them auntie jemima joints smhh chocolate chip is a rap.. 
#nationalpuppyday means it is time to rock this world 
omg i also saw them copying a concept from a random at a convenience store!!! we should sue!! how dare they! i think my neighbour is a saejegi, she was wearing the same home concept as me??? 
beans.. burped.. unlike my peen.. which is slurped.. 
omg, love it when thoooose nights happen!! best thing is when i get my 20 chicken nuggs, cos you know what?? chicken nuggs will never cheat on you 
a lot of radios there. tv is just tucked away. 
dude is gritty and is a proven winner. 
the xeno'jiiva is super weak to poison 
skddkdh please javik is the funniest character in mass effect 
here begineth the lesson. this lesson is called "666-6th seal, 6th trumpet and 6th vial" part 2- i hope you enjoy and learn. father, bless all who follow this lesson with wisdom and understanding in jesus yeshua's precious name. amen 
it is 23:54 utc now 
2) part of the oath to the military is to protect against foreign and domestic threats, which includes our own government. that is why the founding fathers put that into the oath and why we have the 2nd amendment you little sheep. go away & let the wolves do the talking sheep. 
to point the fact that she is not a conservative? 
sorry but driving is a privilege not a right you are correct that people are not mandated to get a drivers licence but then you must g3t a state id 
not gonna lie, this is probably the greatest day in australian cricket, just for the memes … 
im listening to the playlist i made for sanha a bitch is crying 
good read: priscilla koranteng is a unique author. her books are available online via @ amazon #children #books 
amber is the color of your energy, woaaah, shades of gold display naturally 
daniel day lewis is so fucking good at acting. straight up master of his craft. 
i think the overwhelming consensus is that the australian public are fuming and we want accountability. i'm shocked my team would do this but i want heads to roll well i think everyone down here does. 
my boyfriend is korean. his mom remembers walking to school and seeing us soldiers chasing korean children around for “fun”. fuck them. 
nra host taunts parkland teens: ‘no one would know your names’ if classmates were still alive. how sad this nra dig is. wannabe somebody at the nra? easy. give up your soul. … 
that's right, minister farrakhan. they truly fear being exposed before their own people. how will they explain the masquerade, of being the chosen of god? their people feel it, that something's not quite right about themselves. god is in person today. 
not every form of release is healthy. and our fandom has a disproportionate tendency to allow and at times outright encourage severely unhealthy or dangerous behaviors. artists like my husband bear the worst of it, getting sexually harassed/threatened several times a week. 
what is accomplished from buyers trying to push sellers to give occupancy early when they agreed to a date when the purchase contract was agreed to? 
ok so i just woke up from a two hour nap and i don’t know where anyone is and the sky is an unusual color right now so it feels like i woke up in the twilight zone and i’m very confused 
[pc][us] toscy.-. is looking for players | #rainbowsixsiege #siegrs 
@ rbitcoins : this cryptocurrency miner is growing 'cryptomatoes' using excess heat from his computer setup 
this is probably more impressive than playing an extravagant amount of battlefront ii to satisfy my hunger for more starwars 
march for our lives kid protesters have no idea what an assault weapon is … via @ waynedupreeshow 
this is freaking awesome i love it! … 
there is the problem #liberallogic 
idc who you are , you can never change my mind in believing that aj patterson is the hottest thing to ever come out of new lenox 
i’m just trying to figure out who this is abt 
that “ no cap” bs is really annoying asf y’all a bunch of followers fr. 
thank you!!! it is a honor for me!! yes! yes! yes! i will fly!! 
nothing stormy is going to say or do will adversely affect @ realdonaldtrump's base. she's mainly pandering to increase her appearance fees+see if she can shake some more $$s out of trump loyalists & of course she's toy for you press types to get hyped up about on no news days. 
this is so beautiful joc lifted it to share with my bestie my twin sister olive.... 
it's in the tone that respect is shown. #energy #vibes #frequency 
isnt the buzz more about why is this a top @ cnn story than what the story is? she has been selling this story for 7 years. 
no not a putin bot. i am an all american woman who knows this is a witch hunt f that 
did donald trump block me from messaging him because i kept sending him chuck tingle novels or is it so hard and got away with it. 
today is 2018-03-26 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i am well aware of what she is. what is your point ? 
@ gamblinghurts i personally think it is very easy for people to jump on a bandwagon and claim an addiction or as you said earlier a mental problem but in general is society that messed up? you’ll always find a way to spend your cash. 
@ lindag516 new strategy picking players for her @ mlb fantasy league is she only picks players who have bobbleheads 
so true he looks in love already i’m staying to think sonny is in love with being in love 
our language is not a barrier for our love mahal ko kayong lahat army #armylanguagesday 
"love dealer" by @ ryanbrahms is now ripping it up on radio danz #np 
have a link? plus now you've changed your wording. she's proud to be white. that's fine. if one is black, they should be proud to be black. proud to be christian. that's fine. remember, radical has a few defin. hard & soft. it sounds like like you equivocate on the incorrect one 
dj the fitness gram pacer test is a pain in the ass 
it is 01:58 cest now 
this is my baby, the one true love of my life … 
is granny a member of the party, or does she send the party on this quest, or did the party embark on this quest because they all just love granny? 
it’s crazy how soulja boy is still around .. i don’t know too many artists that’s still around from the myspace & early youtube days. 
so the art stream that is coming over upgrade the internet at my normal time i need to get some stuff done. 
school is very hard * and forever will be … 
this song from dear evan hansen is so pretty 
@ verderalauren @ kelseygrammers @ moonovermu ray ban anniversary ex-gratia,each sunglasses today is only $ 21.99,only one day!! 
that is very good news. 
life is an evolution. my good friend sarah brady and her husband jim were once phyllis schlafly republicans! if they were alive today they would be outraged at djt #bradybill #endgunviolence … 
what good is west coast weather if you’re bipolar 
why is happiness the hardest thing to find 
this is legitness man #np destroyer - monsta … 
today is 2018-03-27 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
talking about teams after free agency, and the eagles being #1 is still valid. 
the only problem i see is the lack of conservative candidates. very concerning. 
instagram is the same, but more voters... 
there is lots of beer to be drank 
hey my internet is still dying its too hot 
where is everyone hellooooo 
so @ lamar_ms ts this is super cool!!! … 
president trump is draining the swamp this swamp rat has been found out, we never liked him in office and we want him out asap so he cant damage r country no longer! … 
good luck with this presentation and please let us know how it goes. it is always political will that makes things happen or not. their local politics do not allow for student safety at this point. maybe sue to make them react and spend the funds as they were intended?? 
“idk my music taste is kind of weird haha” … 
1. this figure is a lowball number, the actual number is much higher. incompetent government media. guaranteed. 2. many (read: most) of the "third parties" were so-called "settlement services and related parties who are all funded by, wait for it, canadian tax dollars! #cdnpoli 
told my coworker i never been to a la dodgers game. apparently that nigga is a diehard dodgers fan. bought me tickets tonight’s game 
my blood is 30% coffee 
i’m just curious if @ jaclynhill is really getting a divorce 
who tf said love line is boring it's one of their best song ever 
i used links from credible sources, one a left wing news station and you still refute them. the obama administration gave money to our enemies. that’s a fact. the only argument you have left is to tell me cnn is using fox talking points? pathetic. 
always a pleasure any support is welcome see: 
breaking out of washington: turns out it was obama, not comey! this is u... via @ youtube 
how real is fake news? | sharyl attkisson | tedxuniversityofnevada via @ youtube 
it is cool being married to you, my also good strange creature! 
what’s going on with this nick? why scrap a good thing? though i’m no meteorologist, the weather excuse seems flimsy to me too. whole thing is odd. 
he doesn’t even know where south korea is. 
i feel like easter is a fake holiday and shouldn't be linked with jesus, cause it legit gets a different date every year 
that is the problem with the human heart, it will never let you forget something that ever made you happy. 
this is a cool name maybe lol 
opinion: 'roseanne' reboot is damn good, no thanks to the star 
they’ve also never grown beyond their high school critical reading and thinking skills. trump wasn’t kidding when he said he loves idiots. they cheered him for it and now they’re empowered to spread their wealth of deficiencies. forrest gump was right...stupid is as stupid does. 
holy fuck what is this real … 
my inner tween is so dang excited!! #dawsonscreek … 
walks count for 1 point in my league, votto is very valuable for me. 
usa is a country who's vile bigoted racist history is beyond me 
wtf is going on! 
us - short survey about consumers opinions - pknu - $0.30/2:00 - (hit approval rate (%) is greater than 95) 
weird cause the earth is definitely over populated 
it hit 70 and all the africans of silver spring cake out to party lol when is @ straight_sass_ coming so we can party in little ethiopia? 
i’d like to thank my question of love course for helping me understand a lot of the literary references in blue is the warmest color 
judgment postponed, case is reopened … 
i transitioned from having downloaded music on google play to spotify not too long ago i keep forgetting to add some of my old faves to my playlist that being said, coming across an old banger is so satisfying 
all they need is a wake up call. 
@ agjeffbsessions why? what’s stopping you? did rosenstein who is a highly suspect convinced you otherwise? there is plenty of evidence. you will do a great disservice if you think the doj can investigate itself. doj lost credibility. it’s corrupt in the eyes if most americans. 
or die because you have no finances left. that is my current situation. our government murders tons of people every single day. they know this and they still do it. perhaps they enjoy it? i have no idea. 
since when is a inmate station worker considered being "in law enforcement?" 
when are we going to start blaming the kids who bullied cruz? she is far more personally responsible for this than the nra … 
it is 23:58 utc now 
anyone have experience using a sub to produce? is it worth it/helpful to have one, or just meh? 
are you saying that fucking elvis is not as culturally significant and popular than brittany spears? 
it is done! … 
this is water finding it's level for philly sports 
ps jesus is a punk rocker 
analytics said to take nola out after 68 pitches in a shutout but also said to keep hector neris in against nick markakis - who is 7/14 against neris in his career 
also, even if the thought process is “al franken is important enough that we need his seat despite this,” it was entirely al franken’s decision to quit. gillibrand didn’t coerce him. 
why is this on campus 
when you find out your coworker is ruthless … 
audience of, basically, an entire brigade of bored paratroopers. so, he drops his pants, shoves them downover his boots, we assume to prevent spatter, and grabs ahold of his chosen rope. one thing i should tell you about this kid is that he is white, i don’t 6/ 
i like when people try to tell me something im doing is wrong when i know 1000% for a fact what im doing is right lol 
actually, i believe governor greitens is forging a *third* way you may find opening before you, whatever you decide. 
sorry for the late post...just saw this. the 29th was actually vietnam veterans day and we did post a few things to recognize that... but a day late... here is the... … 
you may have a bad season but it doesn’t mean you will have a bad finish! it’s not where you’re at now it’s where you’re going! this is friday but sunday is coming! 
the common enemy of all religious disciplines is selfishness of mind. for it is just this which causes ignorance, anger and passion, which are at the root of all the troubles of the world. 
dear, libby brownlow 3/30/18 i hope you do not get misguided by the information that comes out of the mouth of this 12 year old 4’8 mexican girl. she has no facts to back it up and is notoriously known for bullying. sincerely, your caring friendly pal kry 
today is 2018-03-30 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i wrote that football is a spectacle, but basketball can be a religious experience. super pit is rocking right now … 
how your girl is in the car when she tells you to pick where to eat and you pick wrong. … 
what i call bs is people trying to take away my rights because of something someone else did. 
ok i’m not a hoe but everything else is pretty spot on … 
@ realmuckmaker @ abigailkjohnso5 i want to see a cover that says who the hell is trump? no pic. and then i never want to see him or his family or hear their names again. this is my easter fart. 
it is, loved the whole soundtrack, perfect. 
"on wednesday afternoons, after the final bell of the day, a cement-walled classroom in the impoverished #nairobi neighbourhood of kibera is transformed into a ballet studio..." via @ natgeophotos #neverthelessshepersisted 
is this update going to fix the game crashing issueson nintendo switch??? game is unplayable in ranked because of this. 
p sure i'm 'robots, algorithms, and computers' and @ freyamarske is 'forgers, scammers, and imposters'. and @ waidr is 'talented animals'. alas i cannot tag @ marissalingen as there is no 'sentient flora', but @ invisibleinkie is definitely 'secret government agencies'. 
this is fire. … 
fights: 21 wins: 21 anthony joshua is the ibf, wba (super), ibo and wbo heavyweight world champion. #merrybet 
this horizontal lightning is in real time. more commonly referred to as 'anvil crawlers' 
lax accountemps salaried professional services staffing executive: job requisition lax accountemps salaried professional services staffing executive location ca lax job description job summary the staffing executive is a very unique role within rhi,… 
you got a headache from that miserable golf game. whoever invented it is a sadist. rest up and feel better. 
it is 01:59 cest now 
our relationship isn’t even something i care about at this point in my life. which is fucked up but that’s just how the cookie so happens to crumble these days. 
there is no need to overcomplicate the message. 
software engineer: nutanix is hiring developers to build enterprise-grade products around docker and kubernetes. responsibilities: work directly on kubernetes, docker, and several other open source projects. – work on cutting-edge features of kubernetes… 
me: ready player one is a joyless nostalgia mashup cash-grab also me: 
my favorite greeting is to "do a handshake" 
loyola is falling apart, either setting up an incredible narrative or just the crushing reality of the world 
boston scored a lot of points in this first quarter on dumb shit, which shouldn't be sustainable. but when i've watched boston this year, "dumb shit that works" is a reasonable portion of their offense sometimes. 
calls* lmao i’m literally hollering what is this man 
today is 2018-03-31 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
full stack application engineer: health[at]scale is a rapidly growing healthcare machine intelligence startup founded by machine learning and clinical faculty with strong ties to mit, stanford, harvard and u-michigan. our goal is to transform healthcare… 
playing ingram #0 is cause the #loyolaramblers to lose 
scott pruitt is being used as a lobbyist & wasting millions of our tax $ to travel for his shadow lobbying job. that doesn't seem to bother you. you're jealous you didn't think of amazon. they keep millions of retailers in business & pay millions in taxes. how much do you pay? 
mobile platform software engineer (ios): company description dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that’s transforming the way people work together, from the smallest business to the largest enterprise. with more than 500 million registered… 
it is 23:59 utc now 
software consultant: description qgenda is a fast growing atlanta-based healthcare software company, with an amazing corporate culture, where we strive to be the best place to be a customer. our software is used by thousands of hospital departments… 
the meaning of the original tweet is not the same. jesus' statement was figurative. anne said it was literal. 
is this what hell sounds like … 
first line mentions hume, i don't rate hume. before i commit to reading all that text. does it (as i asked) give your definition of free will - because this is impossible without it. 
how is this possible? 
i’m so done with the whole love triangle thing. they’re about to kiss n i bet the girlfriend is gonna be watching and she’s gonna cry or something 
gloves in clean hands too. that is japan. japan is the best country in the world to use gloves. 
#essentialoils changed my life. now it is you turn! 
croos the stream where it is shallowest 
is happening now … 
when tomppa is on a shirt 
finding an escape out of this is hard 
#deathinparadise season 6 is on @ netflix . what a great weekend i had. between easter bunnies and dinner prep, binge watched @ deathinparadise 
that beeping noise at the end of a phone call is always the last noise i want to hear 
this is awesome! … 
this is us com ctz minha serie s2s2 
frozen flash games stream and social media for the video but this weeks video is something to lewd for twitch 
@ arctrading1 slinky dog toy story and beyond is now on sale for £5.27 at amazon. product page: … 
khabib is definitely more popular than holloway 
i bring up abortion, because it is a very good example of double standards. you demand unlimited rights to an abortion, but wish to severely curtail my god-given right, to own whatever property (or weapons) i choose 
stream is starting in 10 minutes!: via @ youtube 
it is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness. thomas jefferson 
this sunburn is killing me 
@ realdonaldtrump needs to grow a pair. is he a flake and can’t answer little tough questions? 
this is called "invisible funnel" - a secret method to sell effectively without appearing salesy. watch this in action vía @ kyvio 
everybody is in a nasty mood rn and i’m just sitting here eating chips like back tf way from, idk if your shitty vibes or contagious 
this is all so cute 
yeah rt @ bruhmanant: @ quanflix_ is this a good show? 
the reaction i get when i play or send my friends @ scottyatl’s new song #ratchet is pretty priceless. 
stormy daniels' attorney is asking the treasury department to release information it may have about a $130,000 payment the porn actress received from trump's personal lawyer. 
my latest @ kcrw set is up. next level gem delivery from: @ jaalaajaalaa @ montebooker @ ravynlenae @ beaccchhoussse @ serpentwithfeet @ deedeeholliday @ ras_g @ waajeed_ @ fullcrate @ tommisch @ jeangreasy @ quellechris @ umo + màs. listen: 
that part where she ran to the car is funny maan but sadly this looks staged. 
no and why is because i can speak for myself. please look into why autistic people dont support them / that campaign … #redinstead #lightitupgold 
@ afneil surely your claim to be impartial is now unimaginably empty? how can you even pretend to see both sides of the argument when your personal agenda is as clear as it can be? … 
hamas is a political party. any criticism by western media that it is “just a terrorist group” or “isis-like” is as fraudulent as possible. it literally is the anc model 
since men lead them, unregulated, untaxed.....a potential abusive mess. jesus was wise enough to tell us he is our only teacher. 
using kids' lives as bargaining chips for a pointless wall that he promised someone else would pay for... thinking trump is capable of anything more than seat-of-the-pants strategy is just stupid. there's no plan people, every day and action is as surprising to him as it is to us 
my baby daddy is the best 
is it true that kids don't use notebooks anymore? 
all you say is builderbugers 
today is 2018-04-03 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
devil dog 96: $ srup is just getting started. up 92% today via → 
less is more when it comes to home decor … 
this is the only script they have for false flags. if a real sh@@ting ever happened they would be running around like the idiots they are! instead, they stand around and wait. smoking gun: all fed agencies are there in minutes! this is not a federal issue. none of them are! … 
new military operation to combat is launched by libya's presidential ... - the libya observer 
winnipeg mayor: pm is more accessible than manitoba premier … 
wilma rudolph: "winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in" 
lion is staring at me disapprovingly lolol 
wait! you haven't finished reporting on this story until you tell us who @ jeffbezos is dining with tonight. … 
being the girlfriend of a guy who works third shift is some rough stuff. 
@ lindseynbird i think you and i are moving this way. i think that is why there has been so much “questioning” this year. … 
lol just got my steelbook today finally (ps: not to be picky but your profile pic is playing #’s on my ocd ) 
marlena is having a busy day, first val, now abby. love seeing her in doctor mode dishing life advice, diagnosing mental disorders and such. #days 
that short term pain is going to last through the mid terms. timing is everything. 
someone please record this episode that ally is in and upload it to youtube or something after its over bc i'm busy working on a project thx 
#hinakhan don't need anyone for speak for her. she is inaf for her self. specially matlabi dosto to dur hi rhe to acha hai.. 
how you know the story is gonna be a good one 
with all due respect jason, since you were in office and left; all i hear and see from you, ..is talk. talking is good when actionability is the motive for these talks but nothing ever results in a positive by the @ gop lot of speakeasy nonsense; upset over the election of 2016? 
verifying my blockstack id is secured with the address 12evyogpvcjd1dpezbay2aczfccmkodwvu … 
@ gabrielzamora as i told you a couple of years ago... @ shanedawson will invite you to make a collab with you in a video or something! now, shane notices you! this is awesome gabry! this is so cool!! @ shanedawson it's your turn now! so, please! 
why preschool is a necessity, not a luxury #k12 
following is the current balance sheet for a local partnership for doctors: e is… posted 10 minutes ago … 
looking to ignite townhome development, the city of medicine hat is wanting to decrease prices on vacant subdivisions by up to 40 percent. … 
i want it to end so that the pain will also end but it seems to me that losing you is more painful than anything 
pruitt's name is now the executioner … 
so why is there no charges against them 
this ballet is so amazing. the costumes. the music.... 
you never really relate to the saying “beauty is pain” until you’re getting your eyebrows threaded 
@ poole_mhs is it too late me for me to enroll in one of the 2021 officers i couldn't go on wednesday because i was too busy and had to re-tale a test 
i love this so much by just staring at this my eyes are tearing up everything is so perfect i love bts 
she thought the plastic part is what you put on your face . she almost threw away the sheet. almost wasted my dr. jart mask 
my mom is actually hilarious lmao 
i do my main shopping at morrison’s they can go fk themselves now, is there any large supermarket that has not jumped on the halal bandwagon?why when islam is supposed to be a bloody minority in this country, i’m fkn sick this it’s getting harder& harder to find non halal al food 
why is #pebbletimeround is so tempting vs apple watch? @moontechgear finds out in germany before 10pm 
yes, facebook is scanning your messages - cnn money … 
sanitation as a non-drug intervention is a powerful tool for malaria eradication. fighting behavour resistance is as much as important as parasites and vectors resistance. 
how cool is that … 
@ predsnhl there is a fiala that plays for the south carolina stingrays in the echl, i wonder if kevin knows him 
only reason conor did that was because bib and his boys tried to punk artem when he was alone. don’t forget conor is from the dublin streets. he rides for his people. 
this is becoming very intriguing! 
because #roseanne is back in the news, i dug up the piece i wrote about the launch of her 2011 reality tv show, roseanne's nuts, which slate called "loud, dull, and dumb." what a difference 7 years makes. … 
i’m saddened to hear about your concerns for your mum. the care & wellbeing of our residents is our number one priority & we don’t compromise on our commitment to provide high quality care. we’d like to discuss your concerns, so please send us a dm with your contact details. ^e 
all alone is all we are 
hash’s extra credit is going to save my ass, you already know im making up the best stories... 
mauro ranallo is on the flight too! :o 
your energy is charming... you could heal a broken heart with that voice #kover #kofriends 
@ realdonaldtrump both of these departments are making a mockery of our laws, you can change this. make an open announcement that devin nunes will see rosenstein on any documents unredacted and if he is handed any redacted documents it will cost rosenstein his job immediately 
kennedy curse is for a reason. they earned and deserve it. 
today is 2018-04-06 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
you are a magnificent being. your light is shining into this world with the utmost respect to who you are. you are here, in this moment, to move forward with confidence. 
this is why you have to love dunne. he just does not care lmao … 
yes, jason benny is here to race as well. this will no doubt be biggest pro turnout thus far for @ triplecrownser newf just got angry at the table. 
well said. i'm not perfect, but when it comes to raising my children, it was important for me to parent and not befriend. i don't care about looking cool. i taught my kids to value and respect themselves. if they don't value themselves, there is no way they'll value others. 
i won the is it hard? achievement in alteric for 110 #trueachievement … 
royal raymond rife invented this years ago. it is alleged to be the cure for all diseases. the only problem is it is very hard to profitize. 
this one is basically sentient. 
sometimes i forget jimmy hoffa is my cousin. usually when i tell people, they don’t know who he is anyways. 
sending professional emails is so stressfulllllllll 
maybe in fanfiction you do but it's not canon on the show. i'm not going to fight nor argue with you the only one that has a possibility of being anything other is sam he's the only one who hasn't declared a sexuality. 
my new favorite pedal. this thing is nuts. @ earthquakerdev made one hell of a product here.… 
#florida is suffering after shooting takes 2 lives. #potus, stop the bloodshed. 
cemaia is my religion 
sis is gonna wear a nun outfit for tour — and she gunna rip it off during into it … 
berckmans road is now back to normal operations. 
that is messed up. i don't think that was in the sentencing. wrong is wrong ergo prison but a deal is a deal. $2- to put your life on the line 
when i look at my last tweet and see that someone replied but when i click on it nothing is there. lol damn that shit is annoying why comment if i cant see it. 
prom dress shopping is so stressful 
i don't turn anything off you see me online and i don't reply your message i don't care. it's just what it is … 
this is a perfect example of not knowing what you're saying. wilcox is not a kid nor a prospect. he's a veteran ahl player to backup ullmark. 
the vixen telling it like it is. i’m all the way here for it. 
fergilicious is my fav part @karys_chaumont 
race for p.e.a.c.e. to benefit @ teammr8 is tomorrow at bare cove park in hingham! register at bare cove park between 8-8:45am and help spread martin's message of peace and kindness! @franknbcboston 
the sad fact is that the world will continue to do nothing about syria or any other war crimes because "it's not our problem" is the mindset of leaders. 
this your obsession with cee c is so obvious. get a life and leave her alone. why are you this bitter? 
if a mistake is made in care of siv lung cancer patient, it “contributed to death”. but cancer killed patient, not mistake. it’s a misnomer. further, it has never really been studied, only extrapolated from observational data 
this is the greatest mario party of the drunken variety tonight..stay tuned~ 
what the fuck my phone didnt load these when i first read it is namjoon okay … 
so when can i spoil you? — lmao who is this ? … 
i saw the hair cut. what’s even funnier is one of them is still actively wrestling and is getting the most elaborate entrance of the night. 
i won the rock idol achievement in life is strange: before the storm for 12 #trueachievement 
one of these things is not like the others. 
the queen is better than the empress <3 
with 1 in 8 women getting breast cancer, now is the time to invest in our long term health. 
plastic 2-piece square hockey puck holder (1 hockey display field) - dizisports store the bcw puck holder is product of excessive influence, crystal clear... … 
my lil cousin is so bad 
absolutely correct, but i firmly believe certain politicians, internationally, have been bought off, intimidated or threatened into compliance by the nwo. it is hard to believe, that many people are so stupid. … 
watching toby slowly put together the pieces to expose bartlet’s secret is nerve-wracking because you know that if toby can do it, other people will be able to as well and that poses an immense obstacle to any white initiates or a bartlet campaign. s2e18 
carmella is going to cash in against nia/alexa isn't she... #wrestlemania 
post-match hug is stupid. — wn 
it is horrible this happened!! that library needs to know it is not ok to mess with anyone who has autism or is on the spectrum!! they will pay for what they did!! #autismacceptance #autismawareness #autism #bekind 
this is going to be a huge european tour... 
this is bullshit ! 
sunday night desicions for monday outfits!!! undecided about what to wear?? the quickiest thing in your closest is a pin stripe outfit for a sharp monday look!! think stripes!! #shopaholicfiji #mondaystripes #thinkstripes #mondayworkflow... … 
i heard chimney swifts twice today. it is coming despite the gray. 
that match sucked. asuka losing is the worst thing that's happened this year. what a dumbass ending 
btichsf is there a video omg your love forhim makes me skft 
is anyone concerned that it actually is bad? 
fleetwood mac is reuniting for a farewell world tour in 2018 … 
at least president trump is currently distracting amazon at the moment, so it looks like that’s something to be grateful for as hopefully he’ll continue to do so and keep them from focusing on bidding? 
i liked a @ youtube video twice "what is love?" m/v 
i've noticed cameron and his friends are really good at getting things done. so i'm sure he'll finish whatever it is he started to write. not all people can multitask, i know. in fact, some people can do nothing but tweet all day. 
pretty sure my mind is so frazzled all the time cos once when i was little i stuck a pair of tweezers in an electrical outlet 
i haven’t eaten dairy in a week and i’m still not in a stable relationship with clear skin and direct career goals isn’t that how this is supposed to work 
today is 2018-04-09 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
yuuri takes his time with opening the box, mumbling to himself as he tries to figure out what it is. he sees a piece of cloth and pulls it out, revealing the front of it and reading. "daddy's little buddy?" he looks at yura with a confused, lopsided smile. "what's going on?" 
in context it was better lmao and dick is waaaaaay too bomb to kill him just yet 
labor is rife with corrupt mps, abuse of tax funds, no fiscal policy, the govern to benefit themselves. 
the owner is amazing and the service is outstanding. 
a concordance is a dunghill: eye-popping and shiftless 
whom? 
already saw last week for $5. is nani movie this weekend $5 offer? 
why do people always ask me if it’s weird that my best friend is a lesbian 
president trump had nothing to do with it. zuckerberg is the one that should be locked up. fbi is chasing the boogey man. 
i don't want to be mean but i'm wondering if you are just a hopeless romantic, in love with this idea. mueller is a horrible and wicked man. 
the fact these niggas all got the same shoes on is crazy … 
please suggest one newish album you think is good 
so adorable! your art is always so amazing! 
who is going to take advantage of this offer? 
sure is. when i was in vegas last month it seemed even bigger than it was the last time i had been there 
on one hand i can't wait to get this scan over with to find the source of where this pain/sensation is coming from. on the other hand i'm scared. i don't want to be told it's something that requires an op or going to hospital. still got 9 days until my appointment 
i hope you are right. but i am not convinced. i'm glad zach's book has been a success, but it's success is surely linked to him having a fanbase that preexists. it will be hard to replicate in the future 
bearcat athlete of the week: jewell sparks won the 400m hurdles for @ willamettetrack at the john knight twilight. her mark of 1:03.46 is currently 8th in diii 
the game is over, that means no more playing nice together anymore, it is a lost art. from this point on, there will only be one side that will come out of this intact. 
mutuality is important yall 
and the answer is...celebrate! 
what is that difference that if present in humans would make it okay to kill humans? 
hey! @ bowling_dot_com is giving away a free motiv villain bowling ball! check out the giveaway! 
“the best way to keep your data out of bad people’s hands on @ facebook is to not put it on facebook at all.” facebook has become a drug an opium drug you are hooked it is not just big brother watching everything you do it is anyone and every one including the russians 
if you love having hoodies and sweatpants magically disappear then having a girlfriend is just for you 
ranger, bless his soul, is super handsome but has no butt this is proof of balance in this universe 
#askcrotis so @ yursar how big a thrill is it drive a fire truck ? 
phoenix emma is my patronus. 
they're influenced to see incest as not flawed? thanks to their immersive society/media/customs? i'm not saying this is remotely ok, it just kinda gave me that "oh, that's why " kind of perspective when learning new things. 
how is purging russian trolls conservative censorship? 
q3: what is one #selfcare practice that has helped you cultivate your creative energy? 
more @ mollieking and @ mayajama on @ bbcr1 is a very good thing indeed! congrats ladies! 
paul ryan isn't retiring. he is out to reap the benefits of the business deal he made: making billions for billionaires so they'd make him a millionaire for life. 
it's okay to have strong feelings about our leaders forcing their penises down women's throats. this "verbiage," by the way, is quoting from the official mo house report. if it makes you uncomfortable, you might consider actually holding that against the accused throat violator. 
my district 50 state rep. sara walsh, who worked for congresswoman hartzler and whose husband is still on her federal payroll, also goes wobbly and balks at demanding resignation. 
jai is raj the grass from limmys adventure call 
can someone explain why you need more money to afford the average home in colorado than in ny? that's pretty surprising. is the cost of living in denver that high? #mtbos #statschat … 
why is jared kushner involved in nafta talks and why is he going to peru to meet with ceo's when he doesn't have a security clearance. @ senategop @ housegop @ … 
new season of #southerncharmsavannah and #sweethome ordered! i really hope my fav @ ashborders is back. congrats @ mizzwelch @ joshwelch_ & #pumps so looking foward to seeing fantastic designs & having some belly 
i must admit i can't see why a chemical weapon attack is worse than other types of attack. if people are dead, what difference does it make what killed them? 
in fairness, keith is profoundly stupid. 
today is 2018-04-11 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
also note to self: if the fear fails to subside, just consider that the fear you feel is just mislabeled excitement. you have yet another chance to excel in an area you so greatly love. #blkcreatives #blackfreelancers … 
honestly you deserve thousands of followers, your work is amazing 
this is wrong in many ways … 
no, what i want is workers having democratic control over the companies they work in. i don't care what the government does particularly as long as they support the workers. also, the market has relatively little to do with how businesses are structured internally. you can... 
pvp battle shmup rival megagun is coming to nintendo switch in 2018 read more here - 
i saw the news people too! there is always something happening there 
is the film all done? 
like "negima?" is the show title lol 
and then you get to serious matters, like the news media selling the war in iraq- of course saddam has wmds; the experts told us so. the reason i bring this up is because this phenomenon gets applied to, of all people, the video game press. 
the only other way it could be read, is that prey are not stand-ins for poc, but white people. which is sort of worse, because then it's basically a disney movie lecturing poc about why they shouldn't discriminate against white people. since white people actually did prey of poc. 
this is gonna be sensational 
the live band is playing backstreet boys during intermission of the lightning game. they’re not bad. vocalist is no @ martyscurll that’s for sure. 
question. when is the jet pack is coming . it’s been 2 months and still nothing 
today is 2018-04-12 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
this is a stick up 
spring is in full bloom in my home! . . check out my blog for all of my spring home decor finds… 
justin wilson's issues are far easier to fix. he throws 96 mph and is left-handed. that's a great start. he doesn't even need to have "good" command, it just needs to be better than walking a batter per outing. now, if it's in his head forever, that's a big problem. … 
maybe true, but it is the 30 minutes of my life i am least looking forward to! … 
is it worth having a looking at d fogarty instead of ratugolea 
not to sound too middle-aged dad but arcade fire are the best band in this whole godforsaken universe and that is a fact 
@ niia this video is fire and i cant wait to see you saturday. … 
michael cohen's saga is much funnier and more interesting anyway 
jungkook is a pretty boy 
my heart is like paper, yours is like a flame. 
i love the "that's not an answer!" stuff. yes it is, you just don't like that answer and want to try to find a way to poke holes in reasons. that nonsense will not change my answer but will p#*& me off 
today is so lit cus now it’s #jerzday 
anything the rock makes now is shit but hey hes getting paid lol 
what a contrast obama is to the traitor in cheif. 
live journal is still around? … 
if this is the standard for suspensions this playoffs. there will be a lot of suspensions coming up. i’d say marchand is suspended by game 4. 
an elyria man is facing charges of threatening employees and customers at dave and busters. … 
you and me both. to be acknowledged by him would just blow anyone's mind. he is one of my inspirations to try to become an actor. to be able to join him in the ranks of canadian actors would be a dream come true. he totally deserves the deadpool statue without a doubt! 
i am embarrassed to be a kentuckian tonight. the ire i have grown to have toward bevin is immeasurable. … 
this is the state of xbox fanboys when they say ps gamers are salty over the game sea of thieves, you just cannot make this crap up hahahaha lol 
unemployment payment. havent worked for 7 years should be on a pension which is roughly double $$ they wont recognise me as ill. so i get to sit here in poverty also. #auspol 
this is not something you have to try hard to do :) 
i just remember god is always in control .. so i’ve learned to cruise 
so, what kind of name is rogue? 
"well, the truth about a mirror, is that a damn old mirror don't really tell the whole truth.." 
dogfish head dragons & yumyums ( @ dogfishbeer) is on, replacing glacial till hopped raspberry ( @ glacialtill) 
nope, just to watch the reactions. personally, i don’t think poking the heavily armed is wise, but some must enjoy it. 
if mcclatchy’s reporting is accurate, we have clear evidence of collusion between trump and russia. 
yes, but it wasn't a "declaration of war" that all the isolationists in congress claim is needed. … 
my net worth is like $50 bucks i think he's onto something here 
"more like you write a book about come-back jokes, nerd!!" book from 50 emails: "great for baby!" - $50 appears out of frame in the flash file when bubs is haggling with strong bad. presumably bought by coach z, as it appears in his arms later in the cartoon. 
se woon is so cute #itsdangerousbeyondtheblankets 
is bey performing tonight? #coachella 
or how many people love a conspiracy? a lot . an awful lot . at what stage does a conspiracy gain credence? or is it you dislike it when the narrative begins to be dissected ? 
all the people at every dog park in my area are 3x my age. this is why i’ll never make friends 
playoffs all day is a beautiful thing but i can’t even watch it cause i’m on the clock 
john wall is trash lmao 
i have spent all day searching conway and surroundings for homes for our firms qualified buyers! sad to say that there is not much to choose from. folks, listen up! if you have ever even considered... … 
love mason jars! they are so versatile! here is a link with “how to” tint mason jars!… 
our little new dipper is captivated by @ joececiyyc @ mountainviewndp #abndp 
most puzzling is how did 18 people find this helpful? 
bashar al assad is alawite muslim. alawites do not observe sharia law. once is was neutralized in syria, christians were finally allowed to worship and open their churches and assad encouraged them. 
my mom is having a blizzard party... 
strong baby! why is this so cute?! … 
all is fake 
i don't understand how being world police is align with small govt conservatives. when did our military become preemptive and we justify as the worlds saviors. our nation is weary of perpetual meddling. our troops tired. we've been lied to about mission accomplishments. 
call it what you want but that is what the 9th forza? gears hasn't done anything new and halo's story is completely garbage. i had my xbox before my ps but i switched because of the games that ps is coming out with. all xbox is doing is focusing on backwards compatibility. 
she looks cute cause she is meetings m parents. 
jared leto’s joker is trash. have a good saturday y’all. 
does anyone know about this app? is it worth playing? 
rt @ the_spier @ redstorm please add more story lines to previous the division video game. this video game is awesome. ? rt 
no shot is truly going to be like the other. as a cinematographer, you need to know every technical aspect that can help you make your vision come true. #cinematography #film #photography 
seeing as how platforming games were successful last sunday, here is some more. today we are playing @ motiontwin's dead cells on 
@alfordteasternh whose ideology resembles your own that is currently in congress or past member of congress? i'd like to know prior to promoting your candidacy? 
this shift is going by fairly quickly. i’m ready to go home! 
im unstable why is he squinting his eyes 
melania is unsure as well. that speaks volumes. 
the moment we all wait for every year at fredonia! this is about to be two wild awesome nights of music by incredible bands! you’re not going to wanna miss out on these shows! … 
twitter: this tweet may contain sensitive material *gif of someone doing a dance* twitter: nah fam! this is fine! *naked loli posing in the mirror* 
looking at the dna medical history, it fills in gaps that we adoptees dont have about our natural heritage. something that people raised by family live with and take for granted. this is such a important area, for... … 
more energy also james first quarter is not good, and another coach please 
#pentagon says ‘2000%’ rise in russian trolls after airstrikes on #syria well, yeah, if you take everyone who are not believing your lies & vocal about that as russian trolls!. true, far too many russian trolls!. so, the next step is to shutdown the internet? 
if you haven't check out my new mixtape its lit. the quality is a1 … 
shiro walks in on a keith/lance fight right as keith is yelling, “lance, i’m not seeing the emoji movie with you on our first date!” and lance going, “you make sacrifices for love, keith!” and he immediately walks right out. 
i’m so glad prom is tasteful this year. 
1. coming from such an uncredible source your opinion is worthless. 2. i'm not a huge comey fan, but he's served this country, unlike potus. 3. he was willing to give testimony, unlike potus. 4. you just just sold a ton of books for comey. 4/15 am "best sellers 2018 so far" : 
steamworld dig 2 is fantastic! 
one of the essential aspect, to keep your makeup looking fresh and clean, is the blush. it helps defining your cheekbones and makes your face looking beautiful, glowing, healthy and youthful. … 
at least obama didn't do it for petty reasons...now our new president is trying to run our country like a business, talk shit like a child about a dictator who has bombs on deck, and acts like he didn't say something problematic 30 secs ago...obama was one of our best presidents~ 
>...ryoji is waving to you 
sorry, what i mean is: drivers are already not supposed to go straight across quinpool from/to vernon/quingate but they still do. how will these other intersections be different if they only have right/left turn only arrows and not physical barriers? 
aw she is cute i’d do it 
and to make matters worse, the bug bite i thought i had is actually a ganglion cyst caused from overusing my wrist. something basically untreatable. i have to go to an orthopedic doctor to get “evaluated” 
this is going 2 b a legendary comeback.this is the announcement article. 26k rt ....yet there r only 2200 positive votes. @ bighitent posts @ bts_twt articles 4you to review,give your opinion&promote.don't b rt pleasetutorial here … 
now this is a matter worth paying a lot of attention to. … 
knowing that i could be saving peoples’ lives one day is so amazing to me. the medical field is full of endless opportunities and i’m so excited to see where it takes me! 
and they say the avocado on toast is to blame … 
this is a perfect description! 
next semester i'll be 90% done with my degree!!!!!!! what is happening!!!!!!! 
job alert! #epelectric is hiring for the following positions: engineer-sr: system operator dist-staff: visit the links to learn more and to 
my boyfriend is so precious 
“ep out on thursday” yep this is me on thursday. #prettymuchep @ prettymuch @ zion_kuwonu @ brandon_arreaga @ edwin_honoret @ nickmara @ 
retweeted cats ( @ cats): this one is so funny! … 
@ coxhelp the braves game on @ foxsportssouth is not coming through in warner robins, ga. black screen no sound. 
@ casspernyovest babygirl is still my jam 
yea as much as i enjoy the vectis the tigris is really just easy mode and i love it. 
the blue and white sky is the limit! 
this is why i deactivated 
just sad...i wonder why yhere is no news coverage 
palestinians defending themselves with stones is so ancient and biblical. so if the jews should cast their modern weapons aside and start stoning back, there'd be a real biblical war on their hands, they know, and palestinians will win the war with loose hands and not cowardly. … 
looking forward to seeing my friend trooper james casey...he is missed. 
is it the same guy who’s going to take responsibility for the stupendous rise in the death toll on commercial airlines this year under his administration? 
this is oooold news! 
ten years ago. ten. that's like saying that ancient music is mgmt's oracular spectacular. kid who did that meme must have been 14. 
tom holland is doing the buzzfeed puppy interview!!!!!!! i’m so readyyy 
to expect punk it life girlfriend it is meaning #nickvineer 
cbj’s powerplay is back on that bullshit. 
the amazon prime free trial is a dangerous game but i'm gonna play 
you all. this is how i want to go. if i get to the end and you are still around, come say goodbye and bring a bottle. we will have an toast before i shed this mortal coil. … 
this is bad on what planet was that a flagrant foul im losing my mind. 
poll: dem edge in generic congressional ballot sinks to just 4 points … via @ realalexjones #i am confused what is congress role in our republic? 
only time i lie is to the cops 
so i obviously sat down in the theater super early and watching a bunch of very nervous teen walk into this theater is an experience in and of itself 
it is time for #behindthedesign!!! check it out on @ hgtv right now! #fixerupper #livetweetcrew 
where tf is madam zeroni?! … 
it would a “relief” pick for me. like phew, thank god it is not...moore, harrison, te, dt or a lb 
haha technically the ~7k is what matters remember 
today is 2018-04-18 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
from “come over” to “come home” is a real relationship goal for me. 
that's my belief. dual meanings. also interesting is the statement by her friend before election makes it seem like this was planned by president trump & stormy before his candidacy. its all very peculiar. 
and this is one of the reason why i love this team. … 
one month on our program and this woman is glowing with 
trump: russia probe is a hoax" … #test 
okay but is it too late to do my taxes? lol 
#blackadderbot how lucky you english are to find the toilet so amusing for us, it is a mundane and functional item for you it is... 1/2 
tfw @ netflix is 1st place in #webby people’s voice. rt + vote: / 
where is all this “piling” evidence? you people are completely deluded. 
new arrival sneak peek/maravilla is mahhhvelous! these beautiful pieces will sell fast and each… 
all i want is nothing more to hear u knocking at my door ‘cause if i could see your face once more i could die as a happy man i’m sure but if u loved me why’d you leave me take my body take my body~ 
i'm in 100% agreement, i'll still get it here and there, but when i know no one is depending on me to be on time for anything hahah 
and @ davidhogg111 is a fantastic gun salesman. 
lol. everything in this tweet is a lie. rafael. 
@barbsbeauties is having a live pearl party tonight on facebook!!! come check it out!! … 
i won 12 achievements in life is strange: before the storm for 451 #trueachievement … 
it sucks international views don't count, even though a show is huge outside of the us 
shawn speaking about his anxiety problems and opening up about this situation is so good, because sometimes we don't even know what our idols are going through and it is sucks 
#michigan is suffering today after fatal shooting. #potus, stop the bloodshed. 
can i just say instagram is boring without @ damienhaas and @ supershayne stories? come back guys! 
bob is not sure bob is bob lately 
“instead of an eo, the president is issuing a certification as priority the pending bill on security of tenure, which mirrors the proposed eo the president is supposed to sign,” bello said at a press conference. 
jonathan is only when i'm bad. it's how i know. john is the real name. jb is what i've been called pretty much since birth. mze is just my twitter handle that blew up thanks to #gmfb & this incredible family i've amassed. oh, i am also #gmfbdad. 
if i am performing i would prefer a decent crowd, but i’m ok with it *indecent* crowd that is well behaved. 
these my sons sons!!! nyc is just waiting #mtvbrkpopbts #jimin #jungkook … 
i'm jew-ish, i live in dc, and i can't do anything about this cold! how i'm supposed to stop your snow is beyond me. 
how could he ever be called as a witness now? 
zeus is so gorgeous omg 
in a response to a question from a theater student sharpe elaborates on how the art of torkwase dyson (notably the unkeeping) has suggested to her, and might suggest to us, that abstraction might teach us something different from what is has shown us in the past. 
it’s fine to use an umbral heart on a f1; it only affects the mp cost, which is the same as f4 now. the reason for wanting 3x f4 is because triplecast makes it 2.5s instead of 2.8s, and f1 is already 2.5s 
ummm so april is seeing somebody??? well i hope its really not matthew we had enough with having to see him this season again 
i mean he is a good composer 
i have a zipp and a zipp mini. they are great! and alexa support is coming...... 
winhae couple is real <3 
omg thank youuuuu i'm praying praying praying the twitter resurrection of vampires in publishing is for real 
can i be honest, if he is just going to drop passes after some contact or get intercepted by some shorter guy 8 times outta 10 then it’s not gonna make much of a difference. i’d rather have some tuning updates or changes to gameplay. why aren’t we getting that? seriously though 
3-0 jets. 11 minutes in! this is how it’s done. #gojetsgo 
in life you have to realize that what’s done is done and life goes on. grudges aren’t worth the time and effort. accept the apology you never got and get the fuck over it. you will be a lot better off and that’s a promise 
*looking at a 2 year old’s drawing of a butterfly, which is just a bunch of scribbled lines. i lean in to the kid & whisper* what is this some kind of a game to you? 
@ bhoolz do you still think oladipo is just a average hoosier? lol 
keondrae is really a bug 
that poster with steve and bucky in the same frame is the reason why blood still pumps around my body 
“running is a thing worth doing not because of the future rewards it bestows, but by how it… 
actually it's just not on the chrome store anymore, but it's still on github (though the author is not supporting it anymore) … 
"and the greatest of these is love". this picture of scott batula and @ coeursports ambassador @ lectie37 (who was involved in a terrible accident in january) almost brought us to 
it is indeed a neat piece of paper with some history. its current asking price, however: just a little short of a cool 10 grand. 
procrastination & stress are like wind & fire. some circumstances are not controllable. say it with me..."it is what it is!" keep moving forward. #fridayfeelings #letgo #stress 
i won the the goose is loose achievement in halo: the master chief collection for 35 #trueachievement 
i think the toughest hurdle to overcome in that argument is the fact that he was elected by the electoral college, and he isn’t really accused of cheating them. the remedy for someone who cheated their way to the presidency is impeachment. that’s it. 
nv5 companies is looking for an assistant civil engineer in #coloradosprings #colorado #unitedstates | apply 
on twitter? is your lack of willingness to accept evolution down to your faith? have you ever received any formal teachings in this area of science? … 
i liked a @ youtube video why vanquish is awesome. 
this is a cute picture but all i can look at is how fucking good sarahs tattoo is. 
wait, femi is the older brother? nna mehhnn. 
i feel like this is half the conversation i have with my parents 
verne troyer (mini yo, austin powers) has passed away. depression and suicide should be a major concern. be kind to everyone because we never know what the person is going through. #kindness #depression #suicideawareness 
@ jcolenc is and will forever be the . you can never change my mine. 
agree with that. but with belief and intent, you can do just as much damage. the only thing stopping you from showing the world what you can do is coincidence & intent! you have those skills. #unleash 
top 4 woo! dbfz is about to be on stream. 
listen all i’m saying is the majority of people who ship cordeuva are caucasian what does that tell you 
an "at least messi" scored wouldn't change the l. messi is lebron! 
elite playoff 1s and 2s jrue holiday is younger than: steph curry klay thompson chris paul james harden jeff teague jimmy butler kyle lowry demar derozan russell westbrook goran dragic eric bledsoe #playoffrondo #pelicans 
who is she 
whoa jessa.... great bird and the hat is awesome. another awesome hunt for ya!! 
climate change is already depressing the price of flood-prone real estate - fortune 
is it really that hard? if you want to use someone elses character for a story, and the person in question ask what the story is about, is it so hard to provide the person with the information they want? 
… let's not continue this misconception that hijab is a tool of oppression. 
∞ is how much i'm going to kiss you 
my heart is so happy … 
and they call you “alfred bitchcock” except there is no mystery to the crimes you’ve committed. 
this is such a beautiful story. bent my heart a bit. so glad he has a family that loves him … 
it is .. went to the uptown yest .. adam (the owner is still doing himself at ss15) .. yes its good !! 
he just happened to make sense this time, but even a broken clock is right twice a day. … 
haven’t seen age of ultron in awhile and...this movie is a hot mess. characters all over the place, weird sex jokes, hawkeye’s random family. it’s just too much. 
hmm. of all the ferrets i've had in my life i realise aggs is the only one i haven't worn as a hat. too small perhaps, more a fascinator than a hat. and i hear those are now passé? so it could be a question of fashion. the one in my profile image is ptolemy. 3 legs. a tricorne. 
wow, amazing! ~as! a~ is broadcasting on ,come to join! 
his vein is about to pop … 
ibrah tear means ibrah has and is going mad hehe 
#blackadderbot do i tell people that your brother harry is scared of spoons, or that your father has very small private parts? 
physicists' tests tell when something is a particle or a wave but nothing can be both yet light is sometimes a wave sometimes a stream of particles instantly accelerating to speed of light which is #impossible as it would take 'infinite energy' and take time. but now we know 
now you know who she is! lol 
i'd second made in the abyss. devilman is a bit artsy and transgressive-for-the-sake-of-being-transgressive for my tastes. can't comment on food wars. 
sounds corny as hell but i genuinely think happiness is tha main goal in life ..like wats the point of anythin if it doesnt lead to bein happy?? u can set goals n accomplish them and do what u want but if yr not content with yr life then ?? ull always feel like ur missin somethin 
don’t worry the time soon is upon us 
#centralcoastnewcastleline: 08:23 newcastle interchange to central service is delayed up to 30 mins due to a freight train with mechanical problems at mt colah earlier. 
baekhyun is so cute as always, i will bet my life this card soon to be so so so expensive if anyone selling that ㅋ 
don't forget! mama is aaaaaaaalways here for you! ✩ 
seeing this dude on two girls instas on some “oh baby i love you forever” bullshit.. meanwhile i’m just over here like syd keep your mouth shut, it’s none of your damn business but also like syd you gotta speak up this is wrong af why are dudes so shady?! #thankfullynotmine 
horoscopes are fake. astrology is real. 
oof (idk what robert's dark side's name is so i just put that) 
i understand satire, but i have a solid rebutal for each of these points. complete trash. every canonised novel goes into deep detail on the fascist regime that is the empire. sheev was a sick bastard.... 
just swung by the esports arena at the luxor in las vegas, where ninja held his event. this place is very cool! it's like a giant mega lan center. you can order food and booze and it's only $25 for the whole day. a bunch of the @ h1z1proleague boys are scrimming here right 
@ nathanzegura where is the cleveland media staying in dallas 
we use both parallel and box squat. is a box that allows the athlete to get to parallel. 
as a basketball writer for 8 years i had to learn to remove myself from bias. this is a legit sentiment. nba fans will love watching the jazz objectively. … 
baseball is boring af bro 
kanye west back on twitter is the best thing ever...ever 
creating a gif search function for normies to use is the greatest pose of all time? 
she is really beautiful isn’t she? and seems to be a nice person too 
brianna is always amazing with our guest and now my vp of operations is observing her thank you brianna for you hard work and @ richkissel1 for making my team feel special #chilislove 
this is beautiful oh my 
i've represented lots of people & views society hated. i'm proud of my hard work. this type of attack on an attorney for advocating w/in the law is abhorrent. if anyone should know the role of an attorney in our system it is the aclu, and yet... … 
is this photoshop … 
wow! @ opera is giving away a trip to dubai. download opera news to enter for your chance to win: 
these sound great. can't wait to test. hopefully hit detection on whipclaw is improved as well. 
just a bit of spring cleaning. #alwaysimproving reid is building new streaming computers for me ;) 
i won the vanity fare achievement in life is strange: before the storm for 11 #trueachievement 
romans 6:23 for the wages of sin is death, but the gift of god is eternal life in christ jesus our lord. 
same. wife is making banana bread with brown butter & chocolate chips. 
there is ob n service in the tunnel, looks like there was either switchbacks or route changes made. nextbus indicates that next ob n will be at embarcadero in 12 minutes. 
you probably think eminem is the best rapper right now too huh? 
goddddd the angst is gonna kill me #shadowhunterschat #shadowhunters 
@ comcastcares this is across the street closer to the high school. as i understand it, teens did this. 
jealousy is a disease, get well soon 
and in this case, as the incident did not occur in the usa, it's clearly irrelevant that the perpetrator was not block; that is to say, race did not factor into the decision not to employ violence. … 
love is a kind of power that can further any aspect of your is impossible to bring about a change in anyone's thinking without love. -acharya shriram sharma 
my gallery right now is full joe alwyn memes and bullet journal spreads 
working in a camera narration is really funny, but i think most of my classmates will use other ones. 
being a parent is not for the faint hearted 
the number of beach fantasies you have at work is inversely proportional to motivation. #beach #takemetothebeach 
the most important thing to do if you find yourself in a hole is to stop digging #warrenbuffett #smallbusines #startup 
april 23-29 is museum week, celebrating these cultural institutions. canada's national museums are agriculture & food, aviation & space, national gallery, nature, science & technology, and war (ottawa); history (gatineau); immigration at pier 21 (halifax); human rights (winnipeg) 
this is everything !!!!!! 
y’all did so good with black panther i still don’t know wtf happened all i know is … 
hahahhaha i am lolling this is so him 
whenever i'm writing, my favorite activity is picking actors/actresses that look like the characters in my head. great fun. 
that is illegal; a violation of our constitution and human rights! 
everything is better with polka dots! follow me on the app or click the link in… 
playoff hockey is so good! 
from @ nickmoorectv — river watch: the on/off ramps to fredericton's westmorland street bridge may be under water by the end of the weekend. the saint john river is forecast to surpass flood stage in fredericton (6.5-metres), hitting 7-metres by friday. c… 
this is everything i want out of a game 7 
improving my cooking skills is a must, no way me and my family gone be eating out every night. 
no face is my friend i'd trust him with my life 
okay if i can’t get a shawn and troye @then @ dancetous is highkey gonna rise 
no but like what is the flavor difference between a lemon muffin or a lemon poppyseed is my point. 
this is just.... so wrong lmao … 
and i vacuumed! i love procrastination. i got bad grades but at least my room is clean! 
but..but...who is going to read them to him??? … 
this is amazing … 
is romance goth? y/n? 
tonight's @ retropalshq stream is live with burning rangers for the sega saturn! let's fight fires the futuristic way: with lasers. 
a totally free deadpool-themed bar is popping up in downtown la … 
either you don't know that dragons aren't real or don't know what a cyborg is either way let your workers unionize and pay them appropriately. … 
yes! the answer is yes! i can, and i do, imagine it. 
this game is exciting. 
how tf is it blasphemy 
know whats fucked up? birds are part of the dinosaur branch that is called "lizard hipped" 
this is what he’s worried about? really? keep grazing #maga … 
you know no one is their just a bunch of hypocrites lol 
why do i feel like @ krisjenner is having a crisis meeting about @ kanyewest ! him in that #maga hat is just too much. i’m all for opinions but cmon it’s trump ! 
tilted lama warnings on tvs !! tilted hit by comet when battle pass is over !! brace for impact !!: via 
then let’s all go to that bar with a trump hat the left is making supporting trump the new counter culture movement. boom … 
she speaks volumes is kicking off with ceo @ chiccpa! 
this is why we can't couch events like this with "good people on both sides" comments. racism is an abomination and needs to be condemned unequivocally. … 
every industry is becoming more increasingly fast-paced, making deliberate practice a great learning and training tool for the era of disruption! … 
since u been gone is one of the most iconic pop songs of the 21st century and that is a fact … 
this is simply amazing. 
i hope all you guys are at the front of the line.....and by all you guys i mean everybody that is at the #tcmff sending love. 
we hope representative kim lasata watches this before she increases her "investments" (also known as spends) one more higher education dollar on behalf of michigan's hardworking taxpayers. if you didn't know lasata is chair of the appropriations... … 
hi wayne johan from way back+the bailout anyhow is mmt the current govt policy … or is money strill created via fed buying govt securities to underpin its chequeing account credit for the bankers running the fed/who resisted/denied u creating a new dev bank 
this hasn’t been one of the best weeks and my granny knows it she know everything including the little insecurities. i ft her and the first thing she says is you are so beautiful i sweat i love that lady with everything in me 
early parade bcs today is the the freaking day! 
i’m glad they caught the guy but if they did this in an illegal or unethical way that is open to challenge then they fucked up the case . 
this is so. cute 
'nowhere is immune': researchers find record levels of microplastics in arctic sea ice … 
@ ssundee the chat is spamming so i came here so next vid play a mobile game called art of conquest ssniperwolf nick and molt used to play it it's fun c: 
it’s in a mirror so i’m not/never was. see how to og logo is backwards. 
today is one my college buddies birthday and it amazes me how we use to be in mob class and he would say shay i must work hobson me and so and so gon run up there. look at me boy now! he really up he lol..blessings on your day ali g! 
it is tomorrow 
. @ a4oseries live episode is tomorrow at 5 pm est and we cannot contain our excitement!! #inseparables make sure that you get your vote in for mst president at: ! we hope that you will tune in and tweet along with us for the #a4olive extravaganza. 
funny. after sleeping on it and watching “highlights”, i hate the pick. football is dumb like that. haha 
today is 2018-04-27 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
who is that? 
thank you so much for being on top of it mike, espn tv is doing a lousy job of saying who gets what in trades. 
night time is the best time. 
ayyyy blame it on everyone else and alienate everybody just cause one toxic person is ruining your life 
i am a tiny blonde girl, but i am trying to spread more love and have less patience for people who tweet at me or dm me and ask me to retweet their pinned tweet. i got 27 such requests today...if you want me to write about? i almost never take requests, so now is 
the go-to gop argument in the 2016 election campaigned seemed to be it is about islam. but is it really? 
no, perhaps you're confused. that would be true if i answered his tweet. mine was never an answer to anyone's tweet, it was a comment on your answer to his tweet. my logic is impeccable. 
unless everything she says on tv is an absolute lie then no she isn't. 
i was actually adopted by a conservative vietnam vet. i grew up in the foothills of appalachia. seeing how the two party duopoly fucks over the poor on both sides of the border is why my loyalty is with the people. who could have seen the reactionary turd showing up? lol … 
i think she commented to letting us know she is in australia and she will soon to la. we know she loves troll — i think you're a crackhead. … 
next up we are thrilled to announce that @ thepoetmona is our poet for the month of may. mona… 
#crueltyandthebeast is the 3rd lp by english #extrememetal band @ cradleoffilth rel. on april 27th 1998 by @ musicfornations it is a concept album based on the legend of the hungarian "blood countess" #elizabethbathory the lp feat. guest narration on certain passages by ingrid 
it is scary … 
totally agree! this is so important, im glad you have this mindset. no wonder beauty bakerie is at the top of its game when it comes to customer service 
happy saturday!!!! a new episode of shore to shore news is on the air at right now. 
the very slogan of national review is a screech of impotent frustration … 
o my goodness rainbow trout is so much more tastier than salmon 
your video @ weeklychris made me tear up a bit when you spoke of depression but also opened my eyes. money is powerful and its so easy to abuse its power but i'm glad you've seen the brighter side of things. thank you for opening up and sharing a piece of you. 
just about as believable as there is a god. 
well, seeing that punching left is precisely what msnbc wants her to do, it would not be in her interest to stop. 
the lengths people are going to for excusing her is amazing. 
every day is one step closer to summer 
i have the perfect travel shoes for your next trip and the best part is, they are giving away 25 pairs! 
this new kanye track with tip is raw 
proud mama alert. my baby girl wrote a haiku that earned her $10 and the opportunity to recite it at an award ceremony. her teacher is amazing! thanks ms. levison! … 
this is ugly... smdh.... 
no, but i would like to have those weapons in case the government ever tried to take what is mine that they did not help me get. 
this is a valid and productive use of my time. #brewtown 
how is it? thinking of grabbing a bottle now that it’s in fl, but the price is steep. 
the foh kanye movement is gaining steam … 
i’m watching the old episodes of family feud and this host kisses every woman right on her mouth. multiple times. like. wut? why is that a thing? 
did he address the water in flint @ flintleadwater or just the usual hate speech and metrics, pathognomonic for extreme feelings of inadequacy? i expect he is so undone by @ michelleisawolf and her wealth jokes, that trumpf sends her his tax return. 
he is so adorable love him sm 
who tf is that ain’t see not one familiar face... patterson court hook session maybe? 
my instagram meme account is your_great_grandma. here is the meme i'm posting tomorrow. 
he is a horrible walker lmao...tangled in our feet...his leash...needs practice 
me and @markaddison97 have been arguing about this all day. who is hotter? 
#kreepykroy is one of those ppl that thinks he's the smartest guy in the room as most ignorant ppl do. he's handy & crafty but that does not make a genius. all you hear is brielle & ariana say they're controlled by them. treated as babysitters and not prepared for adulthood 
the concession lady kept calling me babe and i tipped her and she smiled so big this whole theatre is full of njce people wow 
yay! deadpool is on next fxx 
was going to ask if you had ever visited (or were going to vist) međugorje. it's quite amazing that it is technically in bosnia, yet is regarded as croatian, because it's a catholic shrine. 
yoursay: arul, why is 1mdb 'business problem' cloaked under osa? 
thank u but wait pastalaya is a different story … 
it was used as a medical diagnosis term years ago. still is, to some. but generally the more accepted term is intellectual disability. as a mom with a child that has a disability, i can speak firsthand at how that word stings like fuck to hear. regardless of the context. 
the eastsidaz 1st album is a classic 
important for folks to recognize that the nasty political divide we have today is a byproduct of american culture. culture is upstream: declining social values, disrespect for teachers, institutional expertise and authority - and an attraction to superficial celebrity 
spring is here, and we have some new neighbors. 
be at first it was too risky and then after that it became an issue of paranoia because tony stark is a paranoid piece of shit and also a drama queen 
all revelations, whether of mechanical or intellectual or moral science, are made not to communities, but to single persons. “the creative personality is always one that looks on the world as fit for change and on himself as an instrument for change" … 
wizards vs werewolves is definitely in my top 5 
this is the moab? … 
i wrote him back, a little confused, because i never took a photo of a 5-year-old girl. the only girl i photographed included in that spread of photos is 16 years old. 2/n 
today is 2018-04-30 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
will is a phony bandwagon fan who just shows up when the team is winning. 
mr, pastor @ renoomokri u see yourself. see where your hatred for this man is leading u to. sorry ooo 
#blackadderbot hairy blighters, sir, this is a turn up for the plus fours 
unwind is great. couldn't make it this year but hoping to get there next year. 
is it weird that i now associate family feud with the arrowverse? #supergirl 
why is lionel richie playing in my brain ? 
#israel strikes #syria with tactical nuke but #iran is the "terrorist"... only in a … 
ya yo plate full but is yo family hungry 
the best part about this empty bar is the old man loudly attempting to hit the high notes of fix you by coldplay 
when you look at the map, israel is just below lebanon, just in case you wanted to know what you are talking about. 
@ missymetz something beautiful by @ needtobreathe is playing in a few mins on the joy fm listen & vote at powered by conditioned air 
this is v v untrue ): 
monique richard is attempting to become first woman to solo mount logan. she has a strong resume of big peaks behind her... … 
this man is a hero. everything should be recycled as much as possible. 
now this is a look … 
#kayne #trump because he is my president. 
suddenly your birthday is may 5th 
kanye is off his damn rocker 
semper fidelis marine rest in peace. your post in heaven is well deserved! may you always stand guard! … 
today is one of the days that i’m done 
fuck me in the ass 'cause i love jesus the good lord would want it that way gimme that sweet sensation of an irrational rationa... — is this you sabrina bc im wheezing … 
talk can be racist. racist talk fuels actions. or is your premise using the n word isn’t racist? classifying an entire race or religion isn’t? what number are we on now for the muslim ban? did you not read up on carsons actions? 
this is an important philosophical question. at what point can we distinguish between "pants" and "not pants"? 
i know the app foap is a making money app taking photos if that’s what your interested in, there are probably heaps more though best wishes 
be sure to #us how it is! i saw the marlins play the @ sfgiants at the football stadium. interesting look. 
if i get a dog while this idea is still fresh his name will be colin mochrie. 

you do you so well. intelligence is so attractive, humor, same. you are self aware and politically compassionate. stay sheppy 
ya sure kanye is even a musical genius? we’re comparing him to beethoven & mozart? 
the latest price of monero (xmr) is 240.322 usd( 0.07% ). set monero(xmr) price alerts on #sipacoin ) and stay updated with monero price. #xmr 
she is sick and twisted. 
being human isn't the mission, graduating from humanism is. it'll be nice to aid @ kanyewest get past "humanism" but he got to ask. 
all skills softball clinic this program will focus on all aspects the game of softball in a noncompetitive, safe, and positive environment. our goal is to teach and reinforce fundamentals of the game. ages 7yrs -... … 
sports massage course cardiff #wellness #event is waiting for you.. 
twin peaks on #yelp: this is my go to sports bar, for wings, beer and burgers. love the queso and chips. my favorit… … 
@ michellecreber so the company that owns my little pony is now the owner of my pet monster. let’s just comprehend this for a sec... @ nora_mermaid 
this tweet is timeless … 
i’m very impressed. justice is actually being served this postseason, and i am so here for it. … 
kanye can explain something as much as he wants, i still wont understand a damn word the moron is trying to say.. literally he tries to make it seem like he knows what hes talking about and its just nonsense in my book 
@ loudobbs you speak for us and our sense of urgency tonight in every word you uttered throughout the entire show. your perseverance and confrontation is what trump needs more of...i.e., his old self. 
1) this is the kind of political games we need to stay away from in #ny21 . it was a mistake for @ adirondackatie to fall into the trap, and @ dylanratigan for doubling down on it. don't feed the trolls. 
everything about this is a big fat yes 
all this screenshot is missing is the 106 & park logo in the bottom right corner lol yas … 
what a rude person that was! go away, ninaturner! dragging your great-great-grandparents history of slavery by is not going to help you progress. most societies have been enslaved. mine was and i don't spend my life talking about it. btw, abraham lincoln = republican 
ocare = disaster, because it tries to be half market/while subsidizes the other half. it doesn’t work. you need to go all one or the other. what i’m sayin isn’t ocare. it’s full gov. what i’m proposing is med for all being one option of many. aetna, cigna, bcbs, medicare, etc 1/2 
this is probably going to an arcade and play time crisis with a b 
because one is a practical car that can be used to buy groceries built by a company that is just going through the motions, while the other car is a sex machine built by a company that is revolutionizing the world. if you don’t get that, then keep on shorting. 
my myx music awards 2018 male artist of the year is darren espanto. how about you? … 
what the fuck is wrong with people why would it be "honest" … via @ itslaurenyap 
why is he doing this im crying 
everytime i hear if i could fly or just like randomly sing it, i burst into tears bc wtffff harry sang that song like 3 meters away from me and he smiled at me when he saw me crying and singing why is he like that im still so ughhhh 
get it right. no obe is control of nsw liberal party. egos at 10 paces is the lnp way. no guts no glory and certainty is there are no policies 
i know this is unreasonable, but i am still rul upset they made kate middleton get up and dressed like that a mere 7 hours after giving birth in 2018. royalty isn't real & that baby (surprisingly) just looks like a baby. we expect so fcking much from women. 
my teacher seeing me do homework is the equivalent of hulk coming out to help in infinity war 
actually, cambridge analytica is rebranding as emerdata, but this is a good graphic.. … 
do we still not know who pennywise is playing in deadpool 2? 
i often totally disagree with martin keown, but i think he made some excellent points in this. i also think jermaine jenas is an excellent pundit who will often argue 'the popular' opinion to make a very valid point. really interesting punditry here. … 
calf fry is the country coachella. 
'supra is nothing, we can remove him today' – malema … 
busted great job miami! this man is serial, he knows it, he wants no defense, let him have it. … 
lebron james is a freak of nature. #cavs 
one good thing i’ve noticed ever since moving to san diego is what a calm driver i’ve become. #nomoreroadrage 
everything in my life is changing 
sorry to hear that. i hope he is ok. the repealers have the neck to say prolife people are agressive!! they are getting so angry now because people see what they are at and no votes increasing as a result. #votenotoabortion. #ref8th #8thref 
@ shanedawson where is part 4??? i was waiting for it to be posted so i could take a break from studying lol 
but on that note, “over now” is hands down the best song in the b&b album. 
lebron is the most under appreciated athlete of all-time and it’s not even close #respectgreatness 
i kind of like brown off the bench for the celtics tonight. if he's healthy, he can give them a little more balance. the boston second unit scoring is painful at times. 
whole lotta love - led zeppelin by led zeppelin is now playing on 
cheadle hulme south is a lib dem win for helen foster - grime with 2,267. its a labour loss. 
john you are stuck in an old developer proposal to the community paradigm. that is not how co-creation and r&d is done. john brodhead's slide said the next meeting in july would have the initial sketches. there will be more steps after that. 
what is the xtina equivalent of a beyoncé cause i’m about to swarm you. 
rod rosenstein is the most mild-mannered badass this side of angela merkel. 
i'm sorry the owner of this account is currently take a hiatus because she don't want to meet jjjjustino219 
in that case your comment is irrelevant to my point: i am specifically pointing out that sm has chosen to disregard of yunho and changmin's achievements as well. i consider myself ot5 and do not find your depiction of one such as me correct, therefore it is invalid to me. 
update: police believe the snake was a baby rattlesnake. victim is a 15 year old female. 
the nra is helping the gop usher in fascism. more guns means more government. it’s a vicious cycle 
it is 01:57 cest now 
the repayment for the current student loans is 25k for the older loans (ones before the 9k fees were introduced) its 18k 
exclusive: a former victoria badminton coach charged with historic sexual assault against young boys is out on bail tonight. we will have this story and more vancouver island news live at 5 p.m., watch live: 
to say that we’re in love is dangerous 
domconofficial is next week! @ dommecollective will be there so stop by our… … 
i don’t which is why i have no friends 
i ran into a new one today. somebody who thinks the only reason to 'friend' a person is to talk via private messages. 
illya is here! she hasn't been doing much today other than setting up rooms for her servants. but she is here! 
attn: euro friends- just how awful is wizz air with tagalong charges? 
the “dinner party” episode of the office is such a depressingly funny episode 
wow my mom really is always right 
na small pikin nai kill ogun for udo town. youths pvc's is definitely going for sowore. small body big engine. #lazyyouthsofnigeria. 
mark is beautiful okay bye 
that is pretty funny 
i love your history threads. this is astounding. i learn more than i did in college. 
omgithought he was a lawyer why is he saying anything ?!!!! 
@ coloradomayhem 17u black is a solid unit. beat b&b 11th elite 62-58 and advance in the championship bracket. now 4-0 in the tor tourney. 
sleep is for the weak 
yall already know what it is 
sucess in your carrer.... is measured by the amount of money you make and the material possessions you accumulated 
you know the goat is getting the ot winner #marlies 
my family is literally playing with empty crushed soda bottles (kinda like hockey with your hands) at the kitchen table and they think its the funniest thing in the world... its not... 
dreamed i accidentally put diesel in a 1.25 litre plastic bottle instead of unleaded..twice. what kind of anxiety dream is that? 
brad stevens is a genius he’s too raw 
finding the high glove corner with a slapshot from that far away is hard to comprehend 
all that shit is wack to me. this is why i always choose me lol 
there lies the difference... in the corner, people do not actively seek posts ab other people and spread hate there. the fangs only come out when the bashing is too much. and people always counter with facts. otherwise, it's peaceful fangirling with a tl filled with a pics. 
don't psg because it's horrible and is not a big club in french, a big club in french is marseille @ natodoldan marseille please 
connolly oh boy this is gonna be a fuckin barnburner 
all these billboards in florida say “drive baked get busted” all i can think is, drive baked, end up getting taco bell mother fucker. 
remember, fans, björk has and continues to eat pussy and one day yours is next 
also apparently biking with earphones on is illegal so i just wana make a visual collective but i suck at running small groups lol. 
@ celtics @ bccoachstevens is your #1 guy. keep him healthy please. wow 
my favorite part of waking up is having a husky voice good morning 
this is what it is all about. congrats to all of the graduates but especially to the ones that represent @ paladinfootball . huge step in their lives but grateful their future is bright. congrats gentlemen! 
ok so i'm finally diving down the rabbit hole that is the before trilogy and i just hope i like it ok 
kathy is my nurse #rheum #rheumatoidarthritis #ra & she is wonderful … 
why do you want me today? is it because you think you're wonderful or is it because you think you're worth less than nothing at all-+ beck + call by july talk … 
this is amazing. i love how marvin's cape kinda has a life of its own. 
he was pm. and he is we, for all intents & purposes, since he was elected in a fair ballot 
“...it’s all thick and fantastic, kinda like me” . let me tell y’all how much i hate @ olivia_nope also, i mean where is the lie! 
4 new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
this is awesome thanks 
@ bekahhearts1d never be the same by @ camila_cabello is playing in a few mins on island 106 listen & vote at 
just saying this is illegal … 
booker just said aj is in his mid 30s , no he isn't. 
what song is this? 
beaufort rotary club is hosting the do beaufort rotary club meetings start: thursday, 21 june 2018 18:00 … 
it is the rapist 
i usually like the push notifications marketing from nike, but this is such a tired viewpoint for motivation. comparative motivation is the worst. 
@ icegov this visa holder illegally voted so is a criminal,please look into this interference in usa elections as it is widespread and ponts directly to which foreign country really interfered in our elections … 
liam said “lola the rabbit” is hit last night and idk how i feel about that... 
i really like rogue one, enough that when i found this i remembered i had thought of the same idea but don't have the editing skills for it. damn... kelly's hero's is so boss (one of my all time favorite movies) ... the comments alone were worth the watch. … 
spring is here! make the most of it and you could win a $10,000 visa® prepaid card. #sweepstakes 
yknow that video clip where a cow or something is lowered into a river & the river appears to boil ferociously, & it’s raised again within seconds to show that the piranha have devoured it to the bone? put a pound of cherry tomatoes on my kitchen counter & walk away. same. 
the logic conclusion is for them to kill themselves 
is it normal to just be able to inhale a whole bag of popcorn by yourself #someonestopme 
all we get from you and your trolling friends is hate. we think you are hateful and don't understand how or why you could act the way you do. maybe you should try a new approach because you're failing miserably 
3am is the worst am 
y'all fighting over which lightstick is cuter and i can't fight because snsd doesn't have one 
be an early adopter. crypto is where it's at. $5 free! #bitcoin #cryptocurrency 
ken when you’ve too much hair and it wraps itself round your neck and starts choking ye or is that just me 
who tf is styling tiffany haddish?!?! 
nicki is so creative. i love her. 
i lowkey really want my short hair back... but see the way my hairline is set up... 
mets-reds tonight: one starter is 5-foot-11 (a friendly listing) with a fastball sitting in the mid-80s. the other is getting hit around like it's batting practice. 
is this how you spend you day talking to liberal mp's ,why dont you do some research instead of relying on gossip, how do i know you are telling the truth when you never name the liberals you talk to, for all i know you could be making this up 
soni is the freaking best im glad you talk to her too … 
okay this is what i wanted!! … 
y’all we went and bought baby clothes today and i’m dying inside. everything is so small. i don’t know what to do with my hands. 
@ orange_egypt your service is awful. 
listening to @ benjealous while on my neverending layover at mdw is amazing. yep- don't like all the details but i do love ben. 
my guess is that he may be trans, or just listened to someone else who has had periods. still a little odd though. 
“i want to take a pic up there but not while jc is there... can we just call mikey?”... if this doesn’t describe playlist idk what does 
i like #clearskintwitter wait or is this … 
one run is nice, but insurance runs there would have been a lot nicer. we can't leave those chances open next time #pinstripepride #mlb #yankees 
only reason noko coming to table is because they want another iran deal . another thing former dictator, treaties require ratification. unlike you trump is keeping promises . 
either kyle, or victor... my money is on victor. #yrinfinity 
capp oil gas canada with more than $40 billion in annual investments, canada’s oil and natural gas industry is the largest private investor in the country. but canada has fallen behind in global competitiveness and is overshadowed by u.s. production: 
that guy is just hating. lebron is 1st in career playoff points 7th in rebounds and 3rd in assists. he’s great at everything 
not crying because he was a bad kid. because he is not. crying because for a second i felt like i was i had a bad child due to everyone’s stares and etc. 
everyone in europe knows, that iran is not to conquer: large mountains, desserts, vast beautiful and fruitful areas. 90 mill. inhabitants, 4000 years of culture not accepting conquerors. don‘t worry. 
cause russ is not good 
â€˜2020 is comingâ€™ â€“ jobless nurses warn nana addo at nabco demo hundreds of nurses and health professionals are threatening to vote out the new patriotic party government in 2020 it fails to review... 
that is the correct reaction 
we know that @ kellyannepolls is devoid of shame. and lacking in shame and/or pride. we also know she is aware of his dalliances but the allure of power has shown her true personality. ugly. 
daughter is the special blessing for the parents from the god. #myfeeling 
so hype! the excitement is unreal!!!!! @ lilmcjj … 
me pushing you in a lake is too high a standard?! 
neil heesterman to reach 0 emissions it will be helpful to count on 32% reduction by capturing carbon. that is why all new development is essential 
this is just plain stupid. @ realdonaldtrump is one of those idiots who thinks shooting down everyone else's ideas/plans (especially obama's) will prove how much better he is, but he can't get anything built himself, because he sucks at long-term planning and cooperation. … 
this is great. 
this tita is trying to rock the totoro do sana @ juliegrafia … 
bacon needs to go back to illinois. better yet russia.... where his heart is. … 
this is what peak ignorance looks like. #youcantfixstupid … 
a fan was really nervous to say something to sebastian so he went to go hug her and look at the way he hugged her my heart is so full!!!! 
ok ithink tomorrow is a good time to see infinity war 
shit i still wake up in sweats sometimes cause i think a paper is due that i didn’t write 
@ twittersupport hi! it's like two days that my followers don't have any notifications by me. i don't know what's the problem. it was working perfectly so far. also, my account was suspended two days ago for a bot suspicion due of my suspect activities. is this the probleme? 
me & bestfriend gotta ft to pack together this is too much lol 
all im saying is if mourinho or lowe had to deal with what our wc players perform like it would be a different story ! mourinho wouldnt have this look at pogba ! expectations are higher because of the money there on except it. 
although it’s a relatively narrow use case., the snip insights tool is an interesting example of how #ai technology can be integrated into everyday productivity tools via @ techcrunch 
fuck this is so hard 
cohen is a fraud. novartis: we paid trump lawyer michael cohen for obamacare help … 
it's 9pm in argentina, what time is there? 
oh my. please don't quit on us, @ iamnotchubs. if there is anything we can do for you, or you have any concern that you need us to handle, kindly let us know. we will be waiting for your response. thanks. 
i had a dream last night that i worked for dunder mifflin and kissed jim. i will never be sleeping again bc no dream will ever compare. that is all 
soccer is such an interesting sport. what it lacks in scoring sometimes, it makes up for in action and movement on the field and the chess match between the two teams and how they wanna try to score 
@ shawnmichaels hey shawn today is my 40th birthday. 
haters will like ignore ish that is positive knowledgeable bec it came from you lol there is levels to hate it's in their dna 
because the wind is 200+mph so it pushes the pellets away 
lots of great american soccer is about to kick off! excited to see how it all unfolds and good luck to all. #usoc2018 
i think this is 
everything about her is hatred toward people she disagrees with. god help this country if she ever becomes close to being president 
i’m currently wearing a bralette, which i’ve read is a fashion bra. i am currently wearing it fashionably i think. i want to buy more clothes that match this because it’s freaking comfy #tmi 
love that i work at a place where being smart is still cool!! thanks for upholding the culture @ mrsj_foley @ msthornburg @ sid64ish @ skidtrhoades @ … 
this is what happens when you associate with those higher up the higher up you go the worse it gets. very few truly independent people. i like jake morphonios. good reporter. 
i think it was a hospital, like nursing home.. but can't remember name... i don't think it was an asylum.. please tell us who is right! thanks @ gacpossessions. @ zak_bagans 
if this tweet isn’t me then idk what is 
damn it pa y everytime there is a storm of any kind we lose power i gotta get my stream on 
this is exactly what you told me at my crib 
this is what this @ realdonaldtrump administration is. this is what they are about. there's no denying it. … 
@ pl_mastering this is one of the songs i wrote called who's the pilot. obviously, this isn't the whole song but i have been told that i have talent and i have been playing and the states for quite some time and i am trying to network and bring the creative community to the people 
@ colbyjpowell where the hell is dg? 
today is cancelled 
this catfishing is getting inzayn 
great point! but waving shiny objects in front of prospective students is not going to fix the enrollment problem. need to address tuition inflation and make undergrad degree more attainable to non-traditional students. thoughts from the trenches, @ tenaciousfemini? 
clearly you don't have the patience to be an effective parent. verbal abuse is the worst kind. #poorparenting101 
this is gonna be absolute trash.. god fucking dammit … 
that's great! a lot of is/lgs parents come to me with reports that providers can't explain. my own son has a few "of unknown significance." here's a blog post i wrote about it. it needs to be updated with some new projects but it's still helpful. 
today is a terrible day because @brooklyn99fox won’t be returning for another season #renewb99 @ foxtv 
yeah but i think this one is because the lead actor was a monster on set and all the actors they sent offers to replace him turned it down. 
not ever. . **update: 500 bundles left!!** the 4 book bundle is available via the link in the bio for $12. 
i'm just amazed people like you exist. you must be sooooo proud of saying hateful things to a woman whose husband is dying. bravo. truthfully, this is the exact behavior we've come to expect from trump supporters. i hope others treat your family better than you treated his. 
i'm too old for this shit. this is why i keep to myself and not bother with people. 
everyone is entitled to their opinion except for you 
at the longest line of all time. the line into heaven is shorter than this. 
wow! science is amazing! … 
“to change the world, start with one step. however small. the first step is hardest of all....” -dave matthews #runasone 
uncle flood comes from abrupt rain pattern and this rain is out of storm. 
overall just really smart. they aren’t your typical boy band. they are also all visuals. sure, you can pass it off as “good look so what?” but staying fit and retaining stamina (especially to sing and dance at the same time) is really hard. their workout schedule and training++ 
he is soft and beautiful and cares about his friends and volleyball more than people give him credit for i love him very much 
vote conservative, californians! time to take back the state. the only truly pro-life candidate for governor is john cox. check recommendations at robyn nordell’s website ... 
i’ve never really meditated before but this is inspiring and peaceful at the same time! check this out on insight timer! 
fellas is it gay to watch infinity wars? you literally watching a giant purple dick destroy thousands of men 
the best way is to be out the way (on god- 21 savage voice)… … 
rewatching my name is earl for the 5th time while drinking whiskey bc i’m grown bitch 
i just want to watch power, is that too much to ask 
maxine needs to go! she is an ugly, old evil thing that does not represent no one, it’s all “bout her. wake-up californians vote her out of office. maga 
this is so cute 
this is good. my date with a maga lesbian forced me to confront my own prejudices … 
so i guess shoot your shot 2018 is killed 
lol you asked what part is grey it’s all grey lol 
i don't get the tix and realize the show is on a weekday lmao 
wisdom is more easily shared than received 
though, you're definitely right, i should upload my art to other platforms more regularly. though twitter is definitely perfect for sketches that you don't really want in your portfolio. 
is killing a cancerous tumor murder? no? interesting... because an unwanted fetus is nothing more than a tumor. choice is beautiful. 
where is g herbo... 
no, look at what she did before. by the he looks of it she was surprised that she even hit him. the kicking the gun away is commonly seen in media. i think she just got lucky, hopefully she'll review the video and take it as a training opportunity on where she could be better. 
this is making me insane: gratuitous cruelty for profit. and there are more ethical practices that create profit. … 
and also this one from @ blondieofficial too that not many people know because it is i think unreleased in a record or too rare, but only played live in shows such as this one: … 
birthday is in 10 days :) 
are you missing our events, specials and updated news? our facebook page is another way for you to connect with us! like our page to get the latest and greatest on our ceo, the gladiator team. products, specials and more! … 
yes i tweet dumb shit nobody cares about this is nothing new 
this is miles better. thank you. 
so very happy for the connections of hi happy (arg), winner of 4 group 1s before heading to the us; and now winner of the grade 1 man o' war at belmont park. hi happy is trained by todd pletcher for owner/breeder la providencia, llc. the winning jockey was luis saez. 
i’m judging his inability to understand that his word is not the end all be all and for people who read him to not fall into this “expert” claim and then feel helpless. he’s not who he claims to be. 
anger is an instinctive reaction to feeling powerless #progress 
wouldn’t that be great. they are pretty much on a self destruction path. just how long is the question 
internet is so fast 
gon be diggin out wedgies 25/8... buhh it’s worth it. all i’ve been wearing is thongs for like 2 years && i’m convinced they make your ass look better 
royal wedding fanatics! the lifetime movie is about to come on! let the watch party begin!!! sweet baby jesus, i want my love story to be just as sweet! 
jake, i hate to tell you, but the american people don’t care about this nonsense. this has been an amazing week-hostages released, top isis terrorists captured, meeting with nk set. this is what we’re focused on. 
the universe is listening be careful what you say in it 
does anyone have tips for reviewing their own vods? this is something i've been slacking in personally. 
this wasn't school related. it was a dance competition that's privately owned so they can do whatever they want. no no...her school is very pro maga 
so the republican candidate's campaign staff is not allowed to meet with the ambassador to qatar? as far as him later controlling qia, that is fairly regular. several of obama administration came from investment world. and have returned to it since. 
i would like to know if there is any money left at the treasury. 
he is a reform party member and will realize it soon enough. to answer your question, of course not. 
an impressive resume is not an excuse for despicable, irresponsible behavior nor is money. worse yet political success is no excuse either, in fact, political or religious leadership make that behavior more despicable. 
aww, man, killer sculpey...is nothing sacred? 
@1013espn brady your team is cursed man...any injury that can happen seems to happen for them.... 
pretty much, martin. trump is using his position as potus to enrich himself at our expense. he is a traitor. he belongs here... 
i’m watching scarface for the first time. finally. this movie is goooooood 
this is dope 
sunscreen is a human’s best friend 
yes pippen is and love is a perennial all star even with mebron actively working to diminish him 
the rule about jokes if it is not funny, it is not a joke. 
16. shes my forever concert buddy literally having a gf with the same music taste as you is bomb 
westworld, this is us, aos, the 100 
my voting record is gop. and anyone who thinks u can or should govern w/o compromise should be voted out of office regardless of party. if ur not willing to listen and work w others u shouldnt be in office. we can “what about them “ forever its a govt for all not just a party 
remember special agent oso? well this is him now. special agent anxiouso 
wondering how to grow on twitter? i gained 5 followers in the past week. this is the app: 
rockets/warriors, raw/uk. the ish is on..........now!! #wwe #nbaplayoffs #wweuktour #nba 
a derby fan calling us tinpot is hilarious, they’re literally wednesday songbook fc 
like vinegar to the teeth and smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to those who send him. proverbs 10:26 - … 
irish government will legalize abortions on babies up to six months if 8th amendment is overturned … 
harry kane is that kid in school who you never want to play with cos he never passes the ball 
#thesarahwestgalleryoffineart is honored to announce the return of fine art classes to participating local schools during the next school year 2018-2019, at #wacoochee and @ wsseschool @ leecoschools @ smithsstational 
he is no ghost. 
transparency is strength 
there is god? there god i believe yet what to believe i don't know today standard,, god give great to perfect freedom,,, and does not need a person to say thank you god,, i wonder his sign, do not disturb on vacation forever... seem an inevitability and an authority did existence 
disagree with this. it's obvious that cook is nowhere near the player he was a few years ago, but even now, after cycling through lots of options, there's no sign that england have even one opener better than him, never mind two. … 
executive desk? is this like a teacher’s desk? 
okay even if you don’t have bad streaming issues, we can all agree this msnbc ad is the living worst. 
omg the man that conspired with russia to win an election, is calling members of his own staff traitors? … 
i think the fact that hurts the most is your economic situation. 
why does bts need to be so far away? and why did hobi wear pajamas today? like how big is that shirt? #ivotebtsbbmas 
the 20th(!!!) #whitterview is here! the stunning @ averyschlereth joins the #whitterview squad. we talk about her life, her time on the former e! series catching kelce and having a nfl player as a dad, as well as her blog style hour. check out her article at the link in the 
my child is in here literally cleaning! he’s moping, wiping counters off, vacuuming! right now he’s in the bathroom cleaning the sink and tub i love him 
why is he so beautiful? … 
@ tylerjessica i just want no drama and a good royal wedding! is that too much to ask?? 
wow this is really terrible. .. i am glad that they're better now. but on the other side i can't stop thinking about the people that are in training rn... … 
this is not really a story yet. 
why is it that when men walk into a room they only acknowledge other men? women, let’s start walking into the room and only aknowledge each other first, praise each other’s work, and welcome each other into the conversation. #strongwomenlifteachotherup 
allyuh know i doh fraid. so why did she attack doubles. why did she not talk about bake and shark, hot dog, burgers. corn soup? why did she attack the indian? is she really addressing the issue? is her suggestion... … 
there is a storm coming. 
you are making a false judgement because you disagree with fiscal policy. "judge not lest you judge" is in the context of not making such hypocritical judgements 
@ sruhle argues the same thing & so do morning joke & subordinate fiance every chance they get. don't even get me started on mitchell! someone even pointed out that several @ msnbc hosts continue to refer to ppl who still support djt as "real americans". wtf is that all about??? 
his hair is so pretty … 
“i think society is a cluster fuck of everyone’s problems. though i think justin is more misunderstood than anyone else thinks sometimes. but anyway, i’m hannah. shopping? shoe spree or clothes?” 
there is no reality. 
the fighting hawks is on the baseline with the logo, seems like a reasonable compromise, what's the issue? 
@ nbc when will we know when (not if) that #timelesss is renewed?!?! @nbctimeless #timelessfinale #clockblocker i need more of these people in my life. stat. @ mattlanter @ sakinajaffrey @ abigailspencer @ malcolmbarrett @ goranvisnjic @ justdoumit are basically my family now 
that is right on the mark. no way to live without a cup of java every noon and high noon. no mornings in sight. night owls never irse too early. i must set the alarm for tomorrow. another day in paradise! 
so truth is inherently un-american? weird. all of those people lying with their hands on a bible. “i swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help me god”. sounds rather putinesque. 
adam silver says the nba is about competition but a 73 win team added kevin durant lol 
how awesome is this guy? … 
5-16-18 – it is the fake jews that are anti-semites via @ youtube 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist music is magic on air via real raw tv(2) 
more news from trump state media. we know that stuff is propaganda. 
blockchain is in my radar. … 
i’m really good at this teaching stuff, feedback is amazing . 
‘keep on’ is a phrasal verb using the verb form of ‘keep’. it is commonly used with a gerund clause, which contains a verb used as a noun ending in –ing. used this way, it has the meaning of continuing on or persist in doing something without any intention of stopping. 
like immm sooo happy like everything is falling in place i’m finna cry 
i believe you that if this rule were perfectly followed and enforceable, it would get rid of wobbling. my qualm is that i don't believe it is enforceable enough and requires too much in the way of extra logistics in order to do so. 
the price for 1 day is the same amount that it used to cost to go for 4 days a few years ago its so annoying i hate anime 
this is despicable. 
my patience for people recently is at an all time low. 
why would someone do this? there are already so many totally legit accounts that hate on misha or try to destroy his charity just bc he's a friend with j2 there is totally no need for starting a new one, a link would be just enough 
this is beautiful 
maturity is not when we start speaking big things. its when we start understanding small things. #aldub148thweeksary 
the “left bank” is in her brain... 
i don't mind the lions. the one i have a problem with is green bay 
@ mimidancer i bet @ matthamilton25 is in his nightshirt playing #bears pinball right now. i hope they have blinds on the windows of the set/his apartment. 
mystery is for sure not solved 
fabulous baby bust: fertility is declining the most among minority women | institute for family studies … 
i say only way to know is try 
whatever is meant to be will happen! 
in jesus name no weapon and no one is able to defeat you 
this is what i love about our @ whitehouse & the @ realdonaldtrump administration - there's a time for work and some time for fun. good people doing a great job. little things like this connect with the people. #covfefewillneverdie … 
haberman: leaks have vexed the president … shows how stupid these people really are: what was said about a national hero and all they are worried about is it was leaked. trump is poor excuse for a real man! 
is campbell’s soup dead ??? 
me neither. gen 5 is my least favorite but i still love every single gen with my heart 
ahahahahahahah u btch my dimwitted brain is in shambles #ivotebtsbbmas @ bts_twt 
retweeted empowering women ( @ tabithakhaye): bad things happen: - every day. - to everyone. the difference is in how people deal with it. 
its wierd, cause there was a day that you existed, and there was a day you werent here. just like that. i understand your will to leave, and im upset that i understand that. and now the world is a crappier place cause you are not here 
"he's not going to stop until one of us is dead": jacksonville man stabbed by father speaks out 
all i listen to now is maluma y j balvin 
"the political work to be done, then, is to win agreement on the overall goals and the functions eurozone countries need to be able to fulfill," @ mesandbu: … it's very hard to be optimistic on this if you are italian. @ ft 
trump is awesome, watch it till the end … 
schumer is a dumbass. 
bb is shining … 
the girl in the middle is sexy af … 
kendra is really annoying 
at least it *almost* filled the bowl! this is gonna be creamy! ...and maybe kinda gross.. #wheresthemac @ 
that is the best news of my entire life 
“is okay with wd?” he holds her tightly. 
what? ouat is done? like done done? nooo. i have so much catching up to do. 
i'd honestly be happy if all of this story is just gideons hallucinations as kozilek disassembles and then reassembles him and other gatewatchers at ruins of zendikar for laughs. 
unlected #tory lords is blates more democratic than the #eu right now... … 
navs new album is fire asf 
and just like that, it is all put away. #storage… … 
this appeared to have been main goal. thing is, obama's orders may have been reversed, but the awakening he stirred still grows. and while attempts to squash bezos, we are amassing. … 
again.... this generation. we have to figure out where the breakdown is that these kids have no respect for human life. 
“you deserve someone that’ll thank god everyday for you. someone that’ll treat you like a blessing & not a burden. someone that makes you consistently laugh & is there to wipe your tears away. someone that shows you how much they love you instead of just saying it.” 
idk what that is 
how my life is going 
is there a resemblance? is it just me? #timeless 
hubble's latest batch of space porn is some of the best we've ever seen … via @ gizmodo 
spoiler alert wonu is probably going to be one of the side characters 
brogs lbj is the clear mvp 
i got my tax cut. at least less taken out of my take home pay. am waiting until next year to see how much, if any refund i will get then. but a couple hundred in my pocket every month is very nice. 
imitation is flattery. plagiarism is lame. come up with your own material. 
your happiness is my happiness 
"hurry. i think the gospel choir is about to sing. i just know they are going to break out and do the wobble. 
melania wants to know who the f*^k "melanie" is!!! 
*when she hit amethyst felt horrible pain* my skin is that of a demons. 
so since my mom said the concert ticket was a birthday and christmas gift she got one for herself to go with me and now she doesn't want ga and my heart is just- 
this is the part of sports i hate. the excessiveness of the behavior of some. while it’s all fun and games watching bills mafia go apeshit on nfl sundays, threatening the life of another is horseshit. i’m sorry that happened. did you file a report? 
ฝากกดรีด้วยนะคะ #teenchoice for #got7 #choicesummertour is eyes on you tour by got7 #got7 @ 
this whole thread is reverse psychology at it's finest. stay woke, kings. … 
i do! i care that this administration is filled with pay to play sleaze. the real question is why don’t you? 
and as usual, heres 2017's and 2016's just for comparison,, ;; the power of an amazing muse and source of inspiration is really incredible, haha 
when your core is a roaring flame yet youre freezing most of the time 
the summer makes me dress super basic like i have a clothing line 2017 is pretty good 
once you are meditative, music will naturally be a part of your life. everything is vibration, everything is sound. 
i love magic shop. vocal lines’ song is good as well. 
my #teenchoice nominee for #choicebreakoutartist is #monstax #몬스타엑스 @ officialmonstax … 
this is why i don’t eat chinos anymore … 
30ty pounds or better is how we do this ...oh… … 
i liked a @ youtube video what the hell-no is going on in our skies today ?!? 
this is so true. :) introvert ako kaya feel na feel ko 'to. hehehe. :) 
is it just america’s number or ww? 
crusader kings ii is now a board game, so you can murder your friends in person 
this twitter update is hella weak 
really don't know if i'm tired or if my body is just tired from drinking yesterday 
no this is not fox , i'v live it, and now some of my family and friend are living it,, almost 3 years ago , i'v told them about trudeau, they can't wait for the next election to vote him out , they are loosing their country. i think its to late for them , 
today is 2018-05-20 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
1 minuet where is bts they are about tonsee ariana yas my favs dijdjsjex 
the post-graduation glo up is gonna be so real 
b.c. flooding is a ‘shock event’ caused by snowy winter and hot, wet spring, experts say @ 
there is a sacredness floating thick in the air. it envelopes me in divinity, rawness, and purification. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist warning! this is actually happening in illuminati human cloning centers 
'democracy" is democrat codeword for "communism" … 
rod rosenstein is part of the problem not solution for him to be part of the solution he needs to be indicted for withholding crucial information on his fisa court order to spy on @ realdonaldtrump presidential … 
his account is locked down, too. big enough to call women commodities, but not big enough to handle the responses. 
this is the dumbest thing i have ever seen 
my @is the same 
that "bad hombre" is right next door. he'll hear. 
ok what is dinah doing? like what’s up bish?????????? where ya at? 
as you may be aware through our media exposure and participation in some of our events, junior auxiliary of taney county is more than a non-profit organization; it’s a group of women united by a single cause and dedicated to helping the children of... 
speculative store bypass explained what it is how it works 
rewatching avatar and that part where tsu’tey is like “toruk macto, i will fly with you” is just 
yes, really bad. even bad is not strong enough word. 
'harry enough with the anti american rhetoric' harry is ww2 vet same guy, 'you'd have some respect' pfffft 
ohhhh very post is a retweet. mmkay as bleeding-heart liberal as i am, pretty sure you’re a bot honeybuns. 
am i the only one who thinks steph actually said "this is my mf house" instead of "this is my fucking house" lol 
is it supposed to be a drag ? 
god hates me and is a confirmed tony anti 
this is set protocol!! 
if there's anything you need all you have to do is say you know you satisfy everything in me we shouldn't waste a single day 
"if you don't like ____, don't get _____" is a logical fallacy known as ergo decedo. it's like saying "if you don't like slavery, don't own slaves." 
she is literally looking up and half smiling, i look at everyone like this … 
this account got everything wrong ms unique's best solo is if i were a boy 
please, yoongi is so in love :( 
or maybe a friendly country like england is already handling it ! crossing all fingers and toes ! 
see, that's where you're wrong kiddo *finger guns*. everything on the internet is fat, but if you point it out, you're racist. jokes aside, how are you going about not eating? i would sometimes fast and only drink water, and if cravings came along i'd eat a bit of bread. 
me i'm obsessed with coffee or you can’t stand it there is only one throne and that’s god's … 
i forgot a big chunk is in slow motion. i have 8 hours of footage and at least 2 hours of interviews. still anxious. … 
if anyone wants to go clubbing or like out out where i gotta dress like i'm actually going out (and not just drinking and getting tacos) in the next ten days, ya gotta tell me like by tomorrow bc there is a suitcase in my closet and i am officially packing #jacquk 
i think tizen is a much more resource miserly os that is better suited for smart watches and devices than wearos. the issue is the app gap. poor decision by samsung imho. this is a tizen death knell unless it gets another master. 
snopes says this is not the case: … 
there are shows i love on @ netflix & some i don’t. so i won’t stop watching just becuase they made a deal with obama, but i will not watch anything that liar is involved with. i’ll just give it a . anytime hollywood picks a side in politics you risk loosing half your fans. 
all i ask for is a bit of effort and reassurance 
his only consistency is a walk an inning lol, absolutely amazing his era is in the mid 3s 
lmao crazy thing is it actually does cause no one hits me up so i gotta savor that shit as long as i can … 
man is makin a valid reasonin , this his jurisdiction good riddnce to #mules of politics and … 
another ema impact summit in the books! we are so grateful to all of our speakers, attendees, sponsors and crew. let's keep the momentum going. we want to hear how you are making an impact -> impact is presented by @ toyota & @ 
i cant be the only one who's noticed how blessed he is in the shorts department on pic 2 
our famous kitchen is open today and tmr our… … 
when you click on a store website and it says “free shipping over $150” you know that shit is not in your price range 
this is what i said before i began to find myself … 
ozzie albies is 5’8” and just hit his 14th! must be cheating! no one under 6’ can hit home runs! 
have you heard of this guy sun ra? his stuff is like, mad trippy 
my vote is for @ cybertronpc #intelrigchallenge 
if our love is wrong // calum scott. so much feels 
826 boston night of 1000 stories. amazing young authors and new americans from dozens of countries with terrific stories. @ easternbank is a sponsor. #joinusforgood 
all of a sudden rae is completely terrified of outside and wants nothing to do with it. i think she just hates all the cars that go by. 
today is 2018-05-23 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
is the burning and killing still going on up there? 
i’m not getting the jets love. didn’t nfl owners vote unanimously for their new policy? did jets abstain? is chairman not the owner? 
this is happening because the people have voted with their time and money. this is the free market working at its best. 
i’m laying on the floor, this is what park jimin does to people 
yes. everyone is fine and actively rooting for trump to slaughter the criminals in the evil deep state. they all belong in gitmo. starting with mccabe. strzok. mueller. comey. lynch. zip ties. hoods over heads. then the trials. 
anyway, this is beside the point! we’re leaving soon! 
at what point do i get permission to swing on somebody who is sitting my seat? it’s week 8, this is my seat 
"are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before god?" ~luke 12:6 #jesus #god #bible 
if your opinion on tomi lahren being assaulted in public is anything other than “that’s unacceptable in a civilized society and whoever was involved should be charged, convicted, and imprisoned” then your opinion is wrong and stupid. 
interesting point. so now i know that both the press in china & usa slant in favor of the communist party. the issue is the nfl logo is on each player. players can burn all the flags they want during their free time. 
finally the nxt title will be on the line, when kassius ohno goes one on one with ec3. after doubting his nickname and ability, ec3 got his wish, when he will face ohno in a match only to be won via knockout. can ohno prove why he is called the knockout artist? #wwe 
does anyone know where i could watch it? i know they said we could watch it live on youtube or facebook but is there a certain link??? 
every so often, i run into someone who reminds me why a celtic cross tattoo is sometimes seen as a surefire dbag indicator. dammit. 
that is great and an awesome morale booster! 
today is 2018-05-24 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i feel like you’re being a liiiiitke dramatic. like, is it really necessary to burn down the entire state? 
the anniversary event homescreen is absolutely amazing!!! every hero moves just a bit!!! @ playoverwatch is there any way of getting this in gif form without the play, training, hero gallery text on screen?!?! please!!!!! 
fvcg: world cup 2018 team preview: belgium is going all-out attack … 
there is something fundamentally wrong with you. … 
the escalating weather guarantee is now back to $1,000. each day @ news1130weather meets his guaranteed high, we add $100 to the pot until he misses it … 
oh my god you only get 60%???!! i feel like that's so low, my mentor is doing 50/50 when starting, then 70-80% towards the end of my apprenticeship/start of my career 
better question is why does it. you feel it does based on your opinion. per scripture in the ot a child is not recognized until after first breath. what exactly per god of the ot that you are quoting are you killing? nothing 
lol i dont think pre-k is ready for this one though 
my streaming schedule as of right now is, i will stream here and there but not as much as you think. it's getting annoying. 
better now is my favorite song in beer bongs and bentleys @ postmalone 
but tomi lahren is white , and a supporter of trump's white supremacy order. 
leave me alone! conn is a cat person we all have our problems 
currently at 7:00 pm, the temperature is 88.3; winds from the sse at 0.1 gusting to 0.0; the barometer is 30.038; and the dew point is 26.7. more information at 
damn lmfao sadly i know exactly where that is 
i just need some garage space, because that is my get a way! 
my name is … 
deniro is deranged, what a joke! "meet the fockers" was based on him, am i right?? 
this is why i adore you 
it is on the third saturday of each month! check out the dates here. #derby #derbyshire #market 4812 … via @ alderbyshireg 
my family is tired of me burning incense well if you stop letting tyler pic the scentsy smells maybe ill stop burning them 
his next executive order is to let dead people vote (for him). 
yea don't watch ms 13 or the illegal are all the killing or drugs in houston!! @ dloesch yea that's a #1 target !! i got a 1000 says pc is a dem! just shooting from the hip … 
yeah whew, it's not great to stand out too much, nothing like being constantly reminded one is different from others 
there is probably an indictment waiting for him too 
only thing left is this lynx. willing to lower him to $1600 if paid in full through square. body can be somewhat altered to fit smaller. but he fits up to 300 lbs and 5'3" currently 
@ sethabramson justice is too damn slow. 
no. don't do this. it shits all over people who've done work for you that you've used and couldn't have done without. not paying them is a) basically theft and b) shows how little care you have for them and c) your total disregard for any consequences of not paying them. … 
is twitter active enough rn for me to make a poll about something 
yep. mueller is playing chess and donnie is playing chutes and ladders. 
truly is 
men picture this: 20 years in the future at your moms wedding. she announces to everyone that you’ve recently been fired from petsmart, even though you were laid off. salmon was served even tho you stated you didn’t want it 4 times, and you now realize this wedding is horse shit 
is your child ready for preschool? #stem 
the happiness machine is a great example of how a company like @ cocacolaco can successfully incorporate #designthinking into its marketing strategy. 
it is 23:56 utc now 
imagine if lebron had curry, klay and draymond and ended up losing to the rockets. the slander he would get but when kd might do it it’s because “steph is hurt when he wants to be and igoudala is injured”. foh with that ‘passing the torch’ bs 
nah this is their fault, do they expect you to sit an exam you know nothing about? i beg you sue plz, this is the time to secure the bag 
my favourite past time is being op abused on in a 2donkeys game and getting screwed out of a 5 kill game because the respawn command is a fun command 
exactly, how he got away with is inexplicable. oh shit v.a.r should have come in play. 
this is the yamabiko 125 superexpress bound for sendai. the next stop is fukushima. 
i feel like this is something that would happen right before my period starts 
metabolic maturation during muscle stem cell ...: metabolic maturation during muscle stem cell differentiation is achieved by mir-1/133a-mediated inhibition of the dlk1-dio3 mega gene cluster 
is there a free tool i can use to batch unfollow accounts that have been inactive for a long time 
debate banquet 2018, success@is not a gamble! #brookdebate 
today is 2018-05-26 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
it's less than 2 hours long and i feel like it didn't establish the turtles beyond basic personality traits. like donnie is a nerd and every line of his is meant to bluntly remind you of that. we really needed some downtime with them to get to know them better. 
what will i say when people ask what i did over the holiday weekend when the answer is sit in an er with no pants on 
that is the most stank ass hair i have ever seen. 
niggas getting locked up for yeaaars over a gram but this old piece of shit get house arrest for raping a 5 year old?! this is america … 
i’ve lost a lot of followers too. turns out that twitter is deleting some accounts 
i get that, same kinda thing when you been offered a team someone else is grinding for and you double guess yourself n shit 
but for real, he's been amazing as a rep. he and i get angry about the same things, which is what i want in my congressperson. 
kingsman is my jam. i adore percival for reasons i cannot relate. and i ship him and lancelot. i also envisioned d'arcy playing percy and then guernica was announced lol 
cooku this is amazing i love you 
@ mrbenandthebens cheers. great night @ boileroom and hope the travelodge is up to scratch! 
hello @ mostrequestlive @ onairromeo!! fake love by @ bts_twt is an incredibly amazing song! will you play it please? #mostrequestedlive 
lol , i guess that is why, i just created a discord server for chat , for cam models and fans , ha ha ha ! 
the future is now, some interesting tech!! … 
y’all didn’t let amerie prosper & the reason is right under here … 
my favorite is when they try to open it again after they knock. i usually just say "try again, it might work next time" 
is she wrong tho? 
tomorrow is memorial day. although we can’t thank the ones we have lost, we can still thank everyone who serves in our armed forces. bring in your military i.d. tomorrow and get a free game of bowling! we thank... … 
katie takes a few off photos and suddenly she’s the ugliest thing in the world. but also that bitch is hiding behind her profile pic, her face never to be seen, she must be ugly as fuuccckkk 
confused: when the conductor says that (for example) “the f-train is running along the q-train track this weekend,” does that mean that it’s actually a q-train? or does it have an inherent f-ness that can’t be eradicated by its occupation of q-ness in all but name? 
my spider-man jacket is stained with tears 
ew wtf is tjid upfate 
hell nah!!!!! father’s day is for single mothers too! my mom was my mother & father so she deserves both days! straight up! 
watching the video to it won't be like this for long and then seeing your kids is proof . 
the only p i crave is pu$$y 
currently at 7:00 pm, the temperature is 90.0; winds from the n at 0.0 gusting to 0.0; the barometer is 29.868; and the dew point is 17.8. more information at 
and what's misogynistic about it is that this decision has nothing to do with you. you're a man. you don't have to risk your life, mental health, or well-being by carrying a fetus or delivering a baby. until you can, sit down and keep your mouth shut. 
is the #evjunction a pop-up space or is it always there? missed this one today :( 
mo salah is forever 
@ ghost_of_m is that you? 
freedom is a state of mind 
b this is such a good song 
forgiveness is the only vertue,where we can take shelter for inner peace. 
w o w — the @ gop is shameless. … 
this is why. his followers all have the same affliction. 
chris paul is not helping himself at all vs all the people that said he didn’t have the chest to finish. i’m not him but i am not missing game 7. even if i’m on crutches 
is this what hell looks like 
the lady is either hanging with black people or just laying on the beach with them super close. she’d know she’d lose an incredible amount of favorability with the onlookers/supporters if she dropped the n bomb. 
me being a crybaby is a catharsis. i feel attacked … 
from the window to the ground, the garden is… … 
clever clever, however some of those photos happen to be repeats so your power is false! you are still weak! 
basically, suga is me. sleep super early and missed out all the fun. but the difference is, he woke up with effin clear skin, well-rested baby boy face that he is, whereas i, stays as one of the sardine citizen in spongebob squarepants. 
who is it? 
not perfect again. stocking up on calories so i can sleep more normally tonight. that pms is due, and i have a hellish week to endure coming up ... glad i tried again tho. 
every monday, rob reminds me that teen moms on tonight and if that’s not love idk what is 
22. this is sad but it’s the question so uh when i came out to my mom, she told me i was a joke and an inconvenience 
#lucifer is starting! please, #savelucifer 
today is 2018-05-28 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
my sister’s baby shower is saturday 
sushi is nasty … 
worth watching if you're as big a kubrick fan as i had an album of some photos from pax you probably haven't posted, now is the time. 
q25 wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. doug larson #aldubhanggangdulo 
we understand that. you apparently do not. which is why you will leave early. 
hello everyone my name is cybren and i have part 2 of my terraria adventure ready for all of you so, if you want to go ahead and check it out 
is in oklahoma not in texas 
my block button is going crazy right now. those trumpsters don't like it when you point out how unpopular 45 is. 
rain/storm band has lost its shape but it's still raining very hard at shelby park moving through e nashville at 657 pm. no real concerns, though looks like the wind is pretty strong in this cell. 
i’d check girl! from the little bit of research i did just now ohio does this too and it is called a withholding order not sure if the source is credible though 
i think what makes it so shocking is that type of scene is less prevalent than traditional rape scenes 
the reality of the democrat party is this, government of the ignorant, by the ignorant, for the ignorant. 
hello! welcome to my pitch! picture it: a blockchain is watching a netflix. is big data really big? i'll tell you! 
look like a car is crash lol xd 
retweeted chris ( @ realbowenswharf): it’s up to roseanne to determine if what she said was in bad taste. and she has determined as such. but . @ valeriejarrett is a terrible, vindictive, loathsome human being. that’s... … 
all that pearl clutching from the people that said joking about ones make-up is so outrageously insulting but roseanne is... first amendment, joked guys! . . different standards i see. 
when your primary listed desire to serve is to line your own pockets, assuming we get paid for what we do, attacking the lord's brother @ primecleric all the while? no. we serve @ lord_rayel out of love, not for financial gain, and you have shown your true colours. 
playing? that's who i am. my house is my pride, mi amor. 
i'm out for tonight, despacito 2 is canceled 
jungoo's job is being tiny 
this is still gonna be going when i get off work isnt it 
wtf is it gonna take for dems to wake up?! 
roseanne is a wild card. i knew she would eventually be in hot water. just didn’t think she would blow it this quick. hopefully @ abcnetwork is considering a #darlene spinoff now. i mean, she has her new job with better pay. she could rent a place by jackie. 
what happens if he just forgets whether he is or isn’t imposing tariffs from one speech to another? mr pres., matlock’s not real, so you can’t hire him.. roseanne is free now so yes, she can be your new press secretary.. 
na, wouldn't trust that duterte is still in the right mind. that's being kind. no president will brazenly protect a crook in his own cabinet & call corruption sheer good luck of his crony. how does he make clean people in govt feel? or any decent, hardworking filipino? tangina. 
this is why this game is stupid. no human can jump on top of a door … 
this is so peaceful 
picking a hh spot for tomm...i cant support alero after their racism towards customers....tico it is! 
a nice reminder that culture is king and it’s effect on workplace productivity cannot be ignored #growthhacking 
congrats to the inaugural @ temple_coe education scholars family! such an awesome @ phlschools dual enrollment partnership through our senior year only program that allows our students to pursue a major in education. the first @ sdphighschools cohort is ready to begin their journey! 
rebirth of mothra ii has been on for all of 5 seconds and there's already dolphins & floating trash in the ocean... i'm tellin ya mothra is the hippy dippy peacenik rainblow glitter kaiju 
gowdy gets the ball (investigation) to the 10 yard line and then "punts". to say mueller has to finish his job is saying trump needs to be removed from office. is gowdy's retirement from congress interesting timing? i used to think he was one of the good guys. 
what no one says is that just as muslims expect us to respect their culture, they positively should respect everyone else’s! same rules should apply to everyone! but, muslims do not have to abide by these rules & do not assimilate & only want to change us & our country! 
i do not like roseanne barr - never have but, until people like joy behar, bill maher, jimmy kimmel, et al get reprimanded/removed from the air, this is nothing more than abc acting like they actually give a rip! 
the simulation is glitching 
can't sleep, my mind is getting ready to flunk speech class 
i know you didnt, like i said your liked tweets came on my tl. i just think taking a militant stand against police is something you shouldn't get worked up about so young. i've seen the hate between gays, bisexuals and trans about attending pride and just wanted to say what i did 
mikel, this is one time i have to politely disagree with you. she is a fan of her husband..that tells you everything you need to know.. 
sweet. jesus. hey @ theonion - you had a good run. ya done been usurped by real life. (omg - i can't even believe this is real - hahahahahahha!) 
a woman's body is the best artwork in the world 
yeah, to me that relationship string is the core of the album. on mbdtf there are 5 fucking songs all about the relationship dynamics lol. kanye was definitely longing 
my time is valuable and i know it’s being wasted there 
giuliani is a phony. he is not a patriotic american. his drive is basically drawn by his need for publicity as validation of his worth. 
haha ok. let me guess you think wilson is not a dirty player too. 
sculpting/modeling curly hair is a pain in the ass. need to find a consistent workflow. yevon help me. 
"my mother always taught us that if people don't agree with you, the important thing is to listen to them. but if you've listened to them carefully and you still think that you're right, then you must have the courage of your convictions." jane goodall 
ella is so sweet, even when she protecting her friends. love that smile. lucifans don't you agree we need more? #nationalsmileday #savelucifer @ netflix @ amazonstudios @ hulu @ henderson_joe @ ildymojo @ lucifansgroup1 @ 
special offer - extended to 5th june everyone is talking about our innovative and amazing active hydration serum. i use it every day under my moisturiser as it hydrates the skin so much more than any moisturiser... … 
ionno who my friends or my enemies but i know who my family is. 
if atheism is the lack of a belief in god then street epistemology is the lack of a belief to preach about! (if that makes any sense!) 
@ tbsnetwork why haven’t you fired @ iamsambee is it because hollywood is full of democrats that get away with mocking our president and his family not fair considering @ therealroseanne was immediately terminated 
did you know that life insurance is a tax-free payment to your family? 
i love you girl. you be letting them have it!!! articulately with passion and reason. the unacceptable nonsense going on now is truly unbelievable. #americaisgreatbecauseimhere 
my friend stacey is a finalist in park inn orlando's photo contest- help rally votes: @ 
@ laurenglrls @ bosscabeyo_ you rock! worth it by @ fifthharmony is playing next on z100 portland! listen & vote 4 more: 
this is not a good thing lol. no parity. nfl is 1000x more entertaining 
and all you have to offer is the same stale "but obama!" takes. 
is this the most soft dog or what?: via @ youtube 
ain’t no substitution for the truth, either it is or it isn’t. 
ok ending the set with this. too many prince song i could go in forever. change is the only constant. ;) … 
@tembocoin we are officially opened ico sales, now the price is 1tmb= 0.1$ with 20% bonus. we accept eth visit our website to participate 
serious! this heat is ridiculous...i wasn't one complaining in the winter. i'd gladly accept 60° weather year-round! 
these cramps will not get the best of meibuprofen it is! 
so kenya revives rhoa upon her entrance when it was boring as hell and she is fired? i won't be watching again. she was the reason i started back watching. wtf bravo, get it right. the cast are boring.big mistake, watch 
removing toxic people from your life, is like magical therapy for your soul. 
@ johnphillips keep up the good fight. this is ridiculous. so, so, so detrimental to civic rights. #werallamericans 
i saw john lithgows name to play jud, is that confirmed cause if so awesome 
#blackadderbot oh, no, just a wild stab in the dark, which is incidentally what you'll be getting if you don't start being a bit... 1/2 
my hair is so soft. i want you to lay all up in it. lol 
abc is going to hire this person and give them a sitcom 
well i personally think it is dumb to taunt someone you can not guard or stop or outscore. that is what the original tweet was about and i agree 
it’s like they check the sales flyers. ‘is raspberry jam on sale? good!! we’re shooting that scene where dude suffers horrible death.” 
i honestly think that at his best, pleks is now a fourth line centre. on a team that’s not going to contend, i’d much rather give those minutes to a prospect. next year should be about building towards being a contender. just my two cents. 
twilight sparkle is best pony 
u did jin dirty wtf is that used mophead hair?? 
that.... is awesome. 
sana could be a ravenclaw, too. she seems like the most open-minded. tzuyu is either a ravenclaw or a slytherin bc she's witty but she uses her wit in things like savage remarks and stuffs. 
--sounds in her throat as fingers give her just barely what she wants--but, she's willing to wait. as long as dean keeps moving like his is on the edge of control. her hand moves to cup his balls in his jeans as she inhales deeply, dean's-- 
like your tl, you live in a dream world...you do know that that wrestling is all choreographed...right? 
which is what @ kylekashuv did. seems like hogg and emma are just looking for attention, and to push their agenda. on behalf of the rest of the current high school generation, we don't want them. 
and for the gm's who weren't really looking to leave, but were too spineless to say no to reeves, that's pathetic too. and the only pathetic person i like is aj. 
this is disturbing...when i read this i was waiting for a “gotcha” from the onion.... 
okay, this is just stupid. nlocking you now. 
the amount of times this happen: to me with your music is simply amazing especially in ramadan where apparently oud is the theme. 
sheeshhhhh pops is a full course meal 
what is he going to run on? #fastandfurious 
this is so pure and good 
@ feardragon64 @ x5_pig @ rotterdam08 @ incontroltv craft beer! it is the perfect match to a day of starcraft at dreamhack! 
every time someone tells me ava is getting big i can feel my ovaries drop eggs. i need more. give me all the babies. 
my favorite personal accomplishment is getting pete into post malone. 
i'm crying so hard omgndns my life is shit 
something is telling me this game might have a little bite, but i have no idea why going to say 2-1 mexico or a draw this is a good warm up game, regardless what the majority think #eltrieng 
fuck this is it … 
this nigga on the court is just a big barrier 
trump’s child separation policy is a moral and constitutional abomination - slate … 
this is so cute @ andrewchannn … 
it's not demi's fault. katy perry let everyone know that sexual assault against males is perfectly acceptable. especially if you're young, popular, rich and more importantly a a woman 
@ mcdonalds your sandbach services store is filthy - there were flies crawling over the menu board and the tables - staff spraying stuff on tables whilst people eating. -i asked her to stop. not your usual standard at all. 
we’re drinking like it’s 1995. @ rac3rx is rocking the zima with a cherry jolly rancher and i’m over here with jack & coke. 
of course, our team is actively monitoring this! :) 
alicia is the biotch nooooo one likes 
keyword i used is ‘if’ & fyi is because i don’t know how many have espn+. i have it principally bc i don’t miss crawford fights. my point remains though that having fight on new platform doesn’t diminish crawford’s so again why would he care. besides millions around world 
if all the cheetahs this cheetah is gonna talk about refs takin sides. what a clown 
i think irene stans are going to be mad at me but is not like i care tho 
any argument that invokes "old men" is just not necessary 
congrats to a champion. class act all the way. the best is yet to come. lpga rocks! … 
well, people wanted to kill her, but i begged my cousin, prince henric, to save her. i just believed that she wasn't a monster everyone thinks she is. deep down she's just lonely. we didn't get along at first, but we settled our differences and became great friends. 
just a reminder tomorrow is our cap & gown pano picture as well as our senior extravaganza 
don't let people from the past that treated you poorly affect the way you treat people now, not everyone is the same. 
except for the fact seedorf still is physically fit to not need 'protection' from other players. 
there's some people that ooze sex appeal and daddy dom is one of them. hot damn 
my lil cousins making ocs is giving me l i f e 
exactly. all anyone would have to do is see them together once to know that they were second string. 
i mean its tru tho, renjun is pretty great … 
whatever being decided it wanted us to not believe it and labelled it as crazy is out here saying hey my guy this has been composed with you in mind you are important u have purpose like my god my guy this is so fucking necessary 
i think we can all agree that this picture is honestly the root of all happiness 
lmao y’all... i said what is your worst date 
"man is it ever ugly, but it's made a lot of money" - terry bulcher | 9 minuten video over de populairste 'buy-button' aller tijden :-) … #belcherbutton #copywriter 
he’s 46. he’s a registered sex offender, has 10 open warrants and i believe the mother is part of it!! 
my skin is not particularly dry. but $200 is really appealing. and apparently my skin was dry enough to qualify for the study. 
"name of the company, aerotyne international. it is a cutting edge, high-tech firm out of the midwest." … 
we are live with top 8 for week 6 of #cellgames! watch live at for all the action! who is going to take it? 
my anxiety is so bad that just needing putting the garbage and recycling bins on the curb scares me. lol. 
everything about this is sooo bad 
brother then rk ko bolo k ja kr boly tweet kry ja kr k jo bi is wqth book leak hui ha wo mere nai ha then solution khtm but she say everything nonse in book 
this is incredible but i don’t get the lawyer part?? 
anat is..... from ours? 
ciao 4 2 9th. if a teacher letting a pen inside his student's hand, he aims only teaching. however, student can draw the end of teaching. so it is the shape of wings. hilary, words become insufficient to tell you how i am changed so fast. 
@ completelockerr @ omgitshittman this is how i die 
i’m tired of hicks. frazier is better 
you’re not allowed to be around me because you disagree, this is partisan era. i only like or want to be around people that agree with me. i am not equipped and too weak minded to debate, but if i must i’ll bring you all the superlatives until you leave me alone. 
it really is. @ wethreemusic may have me beat, though 
all in all the goal of so-called "bathroom bills" is this: conservatives (yes, i include terfs in this) petition a bathroom bill in the bullshit cover of "women's safety" or "think of the children" in order to force trans women to use male only restrooms. why? 
no i know but just like. the general gated in area for the pit is so small !!!! 
konoka623: today's secret is d933699b. today's number is 942923 … 
2 of my coworkers very recently found out that i write (they don’t know that it’s sherlock fic, just creative writing). when asked earlier today what my current “book” is about, i started explaining ranger john and choked up. had to literally end the convo. 
here are the lyrics to childish gambino's 'this is america' 
is it just me, or was @ cbseveningnews rather graphic in the details of how kate spade was found? right down to the color of the scarf. it felt oddly disrespectful, but i’m not sure why. 
is this for real???? dicjijdjdidiks 
is this a trick question drg? 
no one knows the exact hour when all of this takes place, but we were given the seasons. when do locust swarm, when is harvest time? may through sept. 5 months/rev 9:5 9:10 why wae the time shortened from 3.5 years to 5 mnths? mark 13:20 
sick church, corrupt garda, corrupt bankers, corrupt politicians, corrupt judges, corrupt msm, how many are in jail? why not? because the law is there to punish everyone except the above, the elite are exempt from the law #tonighttv3 #rtebias 
there are many policies. one that has the biggest effect is over-reaching corporate regulations. 
today is 2018-06-05 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
.@kellysadler45 is out not because of what she said about @ senjohnmccain but because she accused @ mercedesschlapp ( @ mschlapp's wife) of being the leaker. #traitortot couldn't tolerate that! … 
vr quest is up, actually with vr this time! … 
your laugh is the cutest thing. 
i just sincerely hope none of these kids meet the fate of so many civil right activists in the 1960's/'70's: lee, till, evers, goodman, chaney, schwerner, king... we don't need martyrs, we need common sense gun reform. today's swatting of the hogg family is terrifying. 
what is your instagram and twitter ? — cool. my twitters cooler but … 
being in bianca's hands, he is going to get more than he can chew. a genuine smile appears before the jester turns to walk back through those doors. "6pm sharp." night always work better. than the jester is gone~ 
is this real life? is my costume picture really almost at 200 likes? i appreciate all the support sooo much! you guys are the best! … 
cuz the first think homophobes think of when they see gay guys is how they be having sex and that makes you gay 
gabby dimarco is now a legend. wait for it. … 
a yank is derogatory word for an american. this fucking brit 
i think there is a good chance editorial won't let bendis screw the pooch just yet 
don’t cross water signs- our karma is quicker and you will die haha 
@ ask_spectrum any idea when this outage in upstate sc is gonna resolve? internet and tv both out. 
blockchain technology is ideally suited for helping to reach both goals. thanks to the blockchain, anyone can now buy a share of highly-profitable real estate. this helps the small investors have more opportunities #genesis #realestate 
@ alexabaker26 this is me 
i am supposed to be preparing a presentation for the ceo of my company but all i want to do is play fortnite. 
then what will we do about the theocracy #trumpettepence is waiting breathlessly to establish? 
so the apples at the top think there is something wrong with them, in reality, they are amazing. they just have to wait for the right boy to come along, the one who's brave enough to climb all the way to the top of the trees. 
going to be honest.. running @ thewaynefdn, most days i feel like i can’t win for losing. doesn’t matter what it is, helping people who need it most isn’t simple. in fact, some people intentionally get in the way... though their motivations are beyond my understanding. #beyondhope 
when is meteor garden remake coming out??? i wanna watch it so bad 
it's basically me telling people to get their shit together in a diplomatic, super professional way that is recorded and monitored for quality and training purposes 
wx @17:00:01 temp 72.8 wind 18.0 from the sw rain 0.00 barometer is falling … 
my sleep schedule is so messed up i'm eating breakfast while my family eats dinner. 
unstrangled will is cute when he cuts those damn bangs and doesn't dress like a lumberjack. 
if this is their answer they’re asking the wrong question. 
i've just eaten two yoghurts. it was wrong to eat two, wasn't it? how wrong is it to just eat the other two now as well? 
man, this #mnufc games camera angle is odd. not a fan. 
hi majed, if the attempt actually took place and the customer is not home, our drivers are supposed to leave a notice at residential addresses. i'm sorry if you received conflicting information. can you please dm me your tracking number? i'll take a look for you. ^james 
apparently rotom is part electric-type.. 
this is my life in a video. … 
this chart is interesting 
jess is ready to roar!! 
lpea is reporting outages due to #416fire 
@ foxnewsalert martha you have been protecting mandon and you will p-rotect this woman cause she is on air like you and you can say what ever you want --remember george carlin and using bad words -you are protecting dam o rats and fellow reporters and cable @ foxnewsalert 
it is not all about talent. it’s about dependability, consistency, being coachable, and understanding what you need to do to improve. – bill belichick 
thirty-two years later, maverick is the most "hot shot" scooter pilot in walmart. … 
meanwhile efensee: our designs are made by potatoes minhyuk’s is for 5yo kids and jong’s is for country side grandmas. like i seriously want to see who’s going to wear it in public without being embarrassed whoever you are, you’re a brave boice xd 
"capitalism was all about choice, but it's the same 20 companies that have monopolised all of the street corners" what is the future for the high street? @ lokiscottishrap says we need to involve the community more in 
showers and storms are moving slowly northeast across west texas. this activity is currently weak. strong to severe storms are just to the northeast of us and are now moving south. these storms may impact our northeastern counties this evening. 
commercial radio is garbage. hasn't been relevant for a long time. 
it's possible the aggregate story adds nothing, but khans itself is quite good. and lots of individually cool cards, although i agree none of the clan mechanics very exciting. plus triple k was a very good draft format. 
unlike korea the usa is capable of holding its own against any military power in the world. that is the only point in having "allies" is to assist in war, the usa needs no allies. 
the world at large by modest mouse is now playing on 
snitch & the other is my drinking partner … 
lady at the dmv just announced that today is a bad day at the dmv!! i’m wondering when are the good days?!?!?!? #4hrwait! 
how do you even let yourself get this high maintenance as a person?? seriously how little self awareness can you possibly have - or how awful do you have to be - that you get to the point where you think this is okay? … 
it is 01:56 cest now 
who is the justice department really trying to help? real justice or the justice dept? if one stays alive the other will stay alive. if one dies... … 
the terrible thing about the quest for truth is that you find it. 
this is what i mean by jordanism is a tumor on the nba. … 
i am my game is updating 
all temps will be in f. i often forget to notate after the first notation...which drove my chem professors nuts. i'm also including one additive which...i'll explain in detail when i post it all, it may help the thc release/bind better and is a food additive. 
setka is a crook and albo is a dual and shorten is a philanderer 
this is so sad … 
either i'm reeeeeally tired and not noticing some kind of typo i made (which is possible) or @ wowhead's search algorithm is a little... off? 
goodmorning today is the day! enjoy todaaay @ ynnanicole_ take care 
yeah, i think this is like the multiple "i am a widower with a young daughter and i travel a lot" profiles 
so it is written, so it shall be. 
is that for want of trying though? maybe men won’t hire women for this. i’m not seeing any other kind of diversity here either. if the argument is that men are better at heights, why are they all white? lastly, can we pay men less in female-dominated professions then? 
the $50 lesson...this is great! 
that is exactly what i thought, thanks 
my neighbor is mowing over full ass trees. 
shit is essential to life #bottomline #nopunintended 
open range is one of my faves! i still love “westerns.” and costner & duvall are excellent in it. 
if you're not religious, you spend a lot more time appreciating the world as it is, the mysteries of the universe around us, and staying the hell out of other people's affairs... 
not gon hold you, this is heat 
pulling sludge out of a transmission is always fun 
nick is in the top 20 in the world in kills for all platforms (pc included) and has won thousands of dollars in tournaments and you don’t think he could hang in console... are you drunk? or are you not reading what you’re writing? 
overheard in line “so is anyone holding the gay flag like automatically gay?!” bitch stfu oh my god 
that's ok, but rest up whenever you get the time. keeping a healthy body is important for everyone, youtube celebrity or not. 
he nodded his head. "sorry, but i've got that feeling" he started singing smooth criminal by michael jackson. - hopefully she knows who that is - he thought.. 
c&c. i haven’t seen anything on it. i do miss it but ea is well… predicatably bad 
never take a moment for granted ivan. life is living the moment, life is beautiful. 
@ disney why would disney support someone like adam putnam in florida??? makes me wonder about disney's sincerity re: truly caring about its american audience. putnam, as you know, is bought and paid for by the nra. time to stop this, disney. 
shinzo abe is me... he's probably thinking "this is so not better than my book." … 
omega vs okada iv was amazing,but not their best match. overall it goes i > ii > iv > iii for me. i wanna sub to njpw but the network app isn't on ps4 like the wwe one is. :( 
tom arnold had the most sense of all to distance himself from roseanne and now he is surpassed her by far in popularity!!!!!!!! 
hey @ mostrequestlive - @ onairromeo - @ jaymacradio "fake love" by @ bts_twt is a such good song! can you guys play it please? thanks! #mostrequestedlive 
dongwoo, your laughter is really contagious. whenever i see/hear your laughter, i laughed too 
wx @17:00:01 temp 76.4 wind 18.0 from the nw rain 0.00 barometer is falling … 
armys! please vote on idol champ app! we're losing and the gap is no joke! spread! 
the most impressive career, and how you reinvent yourself is incredible! @ iamjericho is the gift that keeps on giving! thank you jericho! 
arms be bout to fall tf awff rt @ nepri_jamesss: i want it to be known that doing your natural hair and slicking it into some type of bun or ponytail is literally a full workout. 
@ claireholt with puppies is too much for my heart deal with 
all the hand wringing in the world won't fix this. you need to take action! put your money where your mouth is. 
oh my god is right 
“marks a watershed for the 21st-century democracies. it is the moment when donald trump’s disruption of the international order moved from annoying threat to damaging reality.” … 
is there any fanbase worse than that of star wars? 
if is not the 1,a,d, maybe the 4 i’m not jacking it … 
chinese first ottc for era-glonass equipped vehicle is certified via bureau veritas veo solution 
@ snapchatsupport is there anyway you can message me ? my account is locked and i need some help . thank you . 
stigmabase — tech is as much about literature and psychology as it is about computer engineering, says scott ... 
hey there bloggers. here is mine. happy reading and will return all comments and open to make new friends 
yes, disputing all your facts as incorrect. when facts are wrong, there is no debate. only argument and name calling ensues. 
thank you for the detailed translation. this is means a lot for non koreans. 
no system is perfect but it doesn't mean people should neglect their right to vote. we are privileged to have this right. yet many take it for granted. and we don't need american primary system in canada. for 150 years our parliamentary democracy has worked well for us.. 
i love how honest juan is and still can be a friend! that’s awesome, he’s the voice of reason right now for gizelle in her and sherman’s relationship. #rhop 
go to jail or wait for hanging to get voted in,all anc bosses steal, it is political+ they get protected. 
you, a snowflake: buhhhh war & violence is bad me, a smart pragmatist: have you heard simon's incredibly irritating super deep voice 
the best thing about dating on twitter is that i can do it straight from my bed. 
life is great so here’s a selfie :) 
and now all i can think about is the ending to enemy. yep i’m going to have bad dreams tonight 
a quick question @ todoist : i saw your article on your website regarding todoist and google home: is this article in french too? i can't seem to make my google home understand that i wanna talk to todoist. is the feature available in french? 
cnn's sarah westwood reports that "president trump apparently has been making life difficult for the people whose job it is to ensure that he complies with the presidential records act" by shredding important documents 
this is so wild to me … 
asap rocky is one of our generations icons in all aspects especially fashion,music and overall way he carries himself. the man always delivers 
right. simply delivering risk information is not enough to drive behavior change - regardless if its genetic risk or other type of risk information. need to learn how best to deliver that information to engage, enable, and motivate change. 
i'm walking upon waters. thank god for grace and mercy. hallelujah is my song! my god is awesome! 
all true which is why their strategic thinking is limited to a slogan. 
olympic skier bode miller is mourning the loss of his baby girl: 
i actually don't think that's what he is trying to do, even if he's not doing a great job at what he's trying to do. lol also, congrats on the e-book you put out by the way. i started looking at it this morning. 
ariana and pete is the sequel to when justin met kelly that we’ve all been waiting for 
what is fashion really 
the storm circle is closing in... 
passive undertale is basically a harmony cluster fuck 
sea shanties are back!!! is it too much to hope they’ll do ‘leave her johnny’ in greek? … 
here's waht "news week" says about larry kudlow's words on cnn. i say, trudeau is not responable for what trump sas or soes while with kim jong un. it's all on trumps stupid shoulders. … 
mr. sowell, it sounds like the left need psychological counselling, to understand the simple concept that the past is the past and time moves forward, at least as we live it. 
inflict injury on oneself to win the enemy's trust: pretending to be injured has two possible applications. first, the enemy is lulled into relaxing his guard. second is a way of ingratiating yourself with your enemy by pretending the injury was caused by a mutual enemy. 
bro this is unreal! 
also if you haven't checked out the website it is … #smashbrosultimate 
is he [not best] who responds to the desperate one when he calls upon him and removes evil and makes you inheritors of the earth? is there a deity with allah ? little do you remember. surah an-naml. 
today is 2018-06-12 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
this summer walk your dog early in the morning or at sunset time, don’t forget the floor is too hot for their little paws 
this is real power: 
this one is great 
she really does. i wish i knew someone like becky!!!! @ kloveeee424 is a lucky lady!! 
@ jenniferwexton where do you stand on sex trafficking of humans? @ realdonaldtrump is fighting daily to end this in our country and across the world, are you on his side? i hope you don't wear a pizza bracelet like @ joebiden and @ barackobama #pizzagate is real. … 
i did a fanzine, hs radio, etc. interviewed mick jones from the clash too. i think there is a book already out about punk rockers who becsme educstors 
staying close to you is all i want 
i like olives and olive bread but watermelon is a juicy red fruit that i like. i like fruit especially juicy fruit 
melody is my fucking wife 
well.. tana have a new twitter account but i don't remember what is the @... 
trump is like a god... to a scientologist, i have to assume #haiku #impeachtrump #trump #trumpkimsummit 
an unemployed #nevertrump #tds who is jealous because @ realdonaldtrump is surrounded by hot women, while little, skinny, scrawny eugene is lonely and broke! @ eugenegu … 
another power hour over and all i can think about is alec talking about how calling tuna "fatty tuna" is degrading. god, what an icon. #saveshadowhunters #notourlasthunt 
hey penguins! tonight unfortunately i will not be streaming but tomorrow we're on! ~in the meantime go check out -- @ dark5eld -- this guy is an awesome hilarious streamer who will soon be pushing for partner!!!! @ impulsestream @ 
what is it that has you crying anyway...all the trafficking busts? lowest unemployment rate? n. korea de-nuc? 
i love @ atlutd and their success on field and off has been amazing. still, seeing @ bguzan playing an @ mls game when the #worldcup starts tomorrow is just sad. thanks, @ ussoccer. 
hey! my blog is i’m a newish travel blogger i’d love to be featured! 
wtf is that? a salad? 
so the limit is now 3k words a day. bring it on! 
looking at the news showing several london tower blocks glowing green, alongside #grenfell to remember those lost one year ago today. sickened that @ 10downingstreet is glowing green too! why? 
nobody is signing him because he sucks! 
fellas is it straight to d 
@ bigwheelmcneil 6 man $500 plo sattys to the plo 3k is like stealing money #hottip 
this is trump america! and not voting, makes it your america too! #voteblue 
but the more popular meaning that kids want to be labelled as because they think it's edgy is a perspn who is capable of doing extroverted things but doesnt like it as much, or is very selective to be it in layman's. it's a bit superfluous, and all over the place 
talking about me and thinking it’s not gone get back to me is the stupidest shit you can do 
but he looks like shawn so this is just mindfucking 
chief keef x sued is gospel to me 
this is also a good point lol. it's just annoying seeing every comment though "free etherium" 
alright, so here is our first and only #hint… … 
i can take @ fawadchaudhry to the cleaners, but i have a bigger dream to come true just like any other loyalist of ik. and that is seeing ik as the prime minister of pakistan. so keeping myself quiet. … 
holy yikes this is bad … 
the only one i've heard of befor is antonia antoniazzi - because she was supporting the #elizabethbricebill for medical #cannabis. she is actually ok. well she was now she's b*ggered off...... 
donovan mitchell is the rookie of the year idgaf … 
is this real??? can’t believe it *sigh* always support my baby @ 
i don't think there's a true lgbt community. the most vocal of them mix politics and shitty adgendas with who they want to fuck, and that itself is a stupid combination. i fuck dudes. why does there have to be a political movement to it? who fkng cares besides me and my bfs? 
it's never going to be the same is correct. it's going to be better. for your information idiot we have what's called mixed marriages which is a good thing. so of course it won't be the same and i am glad for that. 
not always. for e.g. not if it has to be "off the books", as you said it. unless your solution is to send cash in the mail. 
i recycling is largely a lie. sending all our shit to china was never recycling, it was absolving ourselves of the problem. 
all i can think about rn is that anon on cc who said to stop playing so much ovw bc they’re worried!!! 
i know not what is going on... but i know that i am loving all the seokjin admiration. i shall now proceed to tell you a dad joke... what did the orange juice say to the milk? wassup doodh! (doodh = milk in bengali) *proceeds to take a bow 
here is a stark fact about canadian politics: only 8 women have ever served as a provincial premier — 6 of them since 2010. here's another bit of bleakness: no political party led by a woman has decisively won more than one election. … 
i know it feels like we are all drowning in insanely infuriating crap right now, but there is one reason to be happy: paul manafort is almost certainly going to jail tomorrow. 
it's great that your security clearance is high enough to know that. so... do you find the cushions on the couch/sofa in the oval office, those which kelly ann kneeled on, comfortable then? they just don't look that comfortable, are they? your thoughts? 
don't worry mps will be just fine - the rest of us however is another matter. 
i think this is wonderful! 
eating tomorrow is going to feel so weird. 
dumb ass trump you should wait for the out come of all the investigation that they have against you and your party. i think it is going to be worst the the clinton investigation. then you will be impeach. then we will get a real president not a reality show star. 
using the bible as a political justification is just as silly as using “may the force be with you” as a justification. … 
and from this day forward, we will refer to upskirting as "choping". chris chope truly is a vile individual … 
seungwoo is so fucking hot 
it’s funny still saying justice for bionic but tbh #xtina is finally getting her justice #liberation is really good music. let’s appreciate that. 
‘glasgow fire: major blaze ravages art school's mackintosh building’ all i can think is there must be plans and drawings behind this and this is a test. what do artists of tomorrow need today in their places of learning? … 
. @ vinylmeplease is giving away a copy of god's favorite customer by #fatherjohnmisty. enter 
i'll bow to trump when hell is frozen over about five feet, then i'll consider it. 
this annoys me so much. but apparently they are amending their view on it and are now saying "maybe later." so at least there is hope. but it's still no mass effect, so that will always be going against it even with romances added. 
if lonzo is still on the team he has to get a lot better quickly in the shooting department 36% from the field isn’t gonna help the “new” lakers beat the warriors … 
i always thought it was interesting growing up watching seinfeld, where they rarely rode the train. then i saw curb, and realized the car is just a plot decice for dialog. 
lol! wapo is unhinged! president trump is winning for the american people ! your lies dont work anymore! #maga 
fake love is charting #1 at melon in the last hour ,asdfhfjfjj give way to the queen k armys are working hard on kcharts, let's also work hard in streaming. @ … 
the spookers movie is so good 
obtain safe passage to conquer the state of guo: borrow the resources of an ally to attack a common enemy. once the enemy is defeated, use those resources to turn on the ally that lent you them in the first place. 
all easy adversaries for you mr. trump make america great again drain the swamp. and destroy the mockingbird media. their influence is dangerous to free people … 
your heart is free have the courage to follow it. #mainesingswithbwboys #aldub35thmonthsary 
when @ theytdan doesn’t even know his spirit card is in the game... 
this grizz/ #mavs deal is the type of deal that that gets done on draft night. i have a gut feeling that the mavs will be willing to throw in hb at the last minute. the question is will memphis agree. only time will tell. i could be wrong about everything tho. #mffl #mpjtodallas 
i'm an average size person just like brian suarez. jerome is a lot bigger and stronger than i am. 
see what you are wasting tax payers money on. power is transient 
my #teenchoice nominee for #choicedramamovieactor is @ 
he wont sign it! there will be a loop hole in it. not what he wants this is a rhino bill paul ryan will be leaving soon when the rhinos leave they always leave a mess! no! way this bill will pass. it's not what he wants! i don't trust him... 
what is all the w.o.w. about??? … 
#lemans24jp what on earth is going on in the #porsche garage at the le mans 24 hour??? 
this is gorgeous 
when will i ever learn that all you do is break your promises 
my request is "fake love" by @ bts_twt #mostrequestedlive @ onairromeo 
what is the most disheartened i've been for a while now. 
we're......talking......about.......the......growing.......the......game......part. how is the #usga 'trying to grow the game' if they make pros look like rookies. isnt that the initial argument here? even mike davis admitted they got it wrong!!! are you guys paying attention? 
the moral of the story is "never believe any feminist until you you checked the sources" and that is nearly impossible b/c feminists work in secret to produce their false data and erroneous conclusions. 
i will now give an in-depth review of all pup-peroni prodects. firstly, theres the original beef flavor which is in my opinion the best of th 
this is why i’ve always loved you … 
nah fr fr that uzi video is me whenever i get home with luv is rage playing on my headphones 
no one in congress or doj has the balls to gi after theae career criminals. we elected trump and “republicans” to drain the swamp! well drain the fu@king swamp! the clock is ticking, act now, or the dems will get away with their crimes forever! … 
this slick rick sample is brilliant. #nasir 
wont work, i've tried. go eat because, if you still open your device it means you still want to live. hmu if you need to talk. my dm is open 
nothing is better than celebrating father’s day...hungover....while your dad cooks and you chill. we’ve got you covered on the hungover part 
all the time!!! rt @ deionsanders: god is good! #truth 
all might is my fucking hero 
sleep is overrated anyway 
hysteria by def leppard is now playing on breakin' ballz radio! tune in at or download the live365 app! 
if anyone is interested in ftb infinity evolved servers or any other minecraft server join 
your argument is entirely opinion, and your agument is that since it’s called the “world cup” the trophy should be in a cup form, however you fail to notice the the sheer number of people who watch and attend the event, comepletely blows the stanley cup out of the water,l 
see, this random shit talking is the reason no one good will ever play with you. learn your place g. 5 golds and blackops 3 been out 3 years,that's got to suck. 
love is more kinds, but what is very safe and a eternal is love which come from the door of sweetheart. 
@ senatorlucy tell 'em she is batching it on $200k a year because of australian banks negative gearing housing unnafordability scheme @ turnbullmalcolm must really be battling on just over $500k … 
yes! keep standing against this atrocity. let this cruel separation not be the legacy we leave. it is a humanitarian and public health crisis. @ … 
secret: i might love yellow but now my most favorite color is pink (◡‿◡✿) 
considering my djt supporting is also a liar on everything big & small; i totally get why he follows trump & believes everything he says. 
russell dickerson wearing the air monarchs for his concert on father’s day is legendary @ 
there are many great australian olive oils and would only only buy them here. however, the olive oil from the puglia region is incredible and by far the best i've tasted. 
great fluidity between rollins and elias. seth is just a pure joy to watch. #mitb 
bruh the fighting choreography for the justice league is soooooo booty the dialogue is ass and rushed. this whole movie is on sum bs... dc disappoints me so much. 
gdmrning2pm class is argh!!! 
that is a lie it is 10 and actually it’s very easy if i actually wanted to but idgaf 
never said they was gay for not wanting to go i’m just saying all you niggas is gay on the low.. that’s all. 
texas it is! 
yo i just crawled out of the japanese metro sewer after being left for dead by an adoring fan and just found out the world cup is happening? guess ill start reviewing the games becuz this experince has ruined my love of anime. #worldcup 
my eyes rl watering. i’m holding back tears this is crazy 
my least favourite thing that people do is say something is “rats”. who came up with that? how many times do i need to hear “nah she’s rats bro” during my time in england? 
“i didn’t mean to-“ his hands were raised in surrender and he undid another button, but kept the one above his sternum buttoned. “fair?” he said with a chuckle, leaning in and nuzzling noses. “i know what /you/ want is to look like a couple out here.” … 
the amount of "and thats tea" im seeing is disgusting 
offers are not forever. timing is everything! … 
i asked my friends to send me their apple music playlist and needless to say my music library is finna be 
actually, the end of driving book is now in stock! 
if this isnt hypocraciy i dont know what is but then again she will say anything to get elected … 
america is morally sick and needs help. seriously! 
damn, twitter is going crazy right now. all over the place. 
tetreault is another guy i like. 
there is something about dogs that is so great 
"because of capitalism" ah, is it time to play the victim and blame everyone else again? my problems are your fault, andre! 
from the title, it seems your daughter is considering medical options. at age 13, puberty is ongoing. since your daughter may not be 100% sure about her gender identity, it is important to not cause her any irreversible harm. 
it just hit me that the new smash is a handheld game lol that's crazy 
was really trying not to have dutch all week but my mom isn’t helping. she called & asked if we can stop and get her & buddy one so i guess this is god telling me to have one too 
i fear this is the tip of the iceberg. this is going to get ugly. a stain on american history. 
crime in germany is down... 
the hotel room is really small, but looks… … 
i rather take derozens $55 mil over the next two instead of covington’s $45 mil over the next 4. derozen has player option for 3rd year. in which he will opt out to try and get one more max deal while he is still 30 
what if enya’s chapter 4 is her announcing tour dates i- 
the problem runs deeper tho in as far as i can see; the undercurrents of what you’re broadcasting/advocating is highly concerning to me, to say the least. i’m scared for my kids tbh and i don’t know how to prepare them for what’s coming from the unfolding i’m seeing. 
seriously hilarious the incompetency of the democratic party members in congress is proof that the liberal education system failed miserably the damn wall should have been built 30 years ago @ senschumer @ nancypelosi @ thedemcoalition @ thedemocrats @ senatedems 
ok so my girlfirend and i are arguing about masturbation and sex: im of the opinion that sex is masturbation 2 because you typically experience masturbation first and she erroneously believes that masturbation is sex 2 because we evolved it first settle this debate please 
the only time i’m actually productive (cleaning, playing music, laundry, etc.) is when i’m trying to not do my homework 
is it wrong if i'm slightly turned on? 
this tweet is just for johnny manziel isn't it 
troll feed. you'd think they were in the dole line. 
they are taking the laces from her red shoes, making them unsafe to wear! help! this is us! america we cry for you! @ foxnews @ … 
dj md on #forsa is #nowplaying "for life" by runtown #nigeria 
if me did know me woulda tell you but i really don’t know why people can just mind them fucking business ... is not their place to ask the girl that that’s so out of order 
the presidents safety is at risk -- the presidents safety is at risk -- the presidents safety is at risk -- god forbid. 
most of them are too scared and if not too insane. the greatest sign of wisdom is knowing when to quit. 
this is for the who gets wrapped thing. 
i would really like to see colombia due well but they always underdeliver, and why the hell is james coming off the bench??? 
the world is so fudged up right now, but you guys are bright stars for us to follow. ilu--all three of youse. xoxo 
@ xxxtentacion is still alive 
this is improper. unequal yoking … 
be kind. for everybody is fighting their own battles. -auggie the wonder 
the clock is all over the place. friday i work at 1:30pm.... 
dear angelenos facebook friends, my company is looking for a graphic designer to work with one of our key client in town (music!). check the offer! (social media visuals, animations and video) 
that is the most cringy thing i read. just wow do research.... … 
bummed today because the comic book shop i transferred to is shutting down next week. and the only other shop near me is run by incompetent jackasses. 
driving in northern va is going to be awful in my truck smh but until then i’ll use work cars 
if loving you is wrong then i dont wanna be right 
"coming back to a place you know you can play well at ... it's always a comfort." 2014 @ wichitaopen winner sebastian cappelen ( @ scappele) is ready to chase a second title at crestview cc. 
oh because he is one one of them garbage 
this is so beautiful 
“why is this cracker touching me” djjfjfjf 
ya, that is like hella sinister caveat there 
this is the hero we need from 14 years ago 
like a sexy bond villain! that is a knockout of the park pic! 
worth it because the kids wellbeing and safety is important- right? 
in which trump accedes to a heroic public outcry by shifting away from a policy of separating immigrant children from their families, but entirely fails to shift away from the cruelty that underlies it. this is a win, folks. be glad, then keep fighting. 
i know it’s not that serious and this is just twitter, but... 
facebook is testing if youll pay actual money for your favorite groups premium content 
sorry but nobody is too good to reply to someone elses compliment to them. its fucking rude . all im trying to do is help female's love themselves a little more and i get ignored? lol ok. cool. 
solid pick by @ memgrizz #jaronjacksonjr is gonna be tough 
i almost have the opposite issue where my vibrator is way better than men lmao 
@ sandeul920320’s english is good too especially when he says “chicken” but seriously, he’s good 
iran is next. q 
when ppl question ur art he gets is so good things in life. 
maybe, but for you love is a gangbang in the basement of a run-down building. i'm not sure we can compare here. 
when the guy the grizzlies draft 4th overall is compared to noah and ibaka let’s hope he far out plays those guys. #memphis #grizzlies 
some people are destined to fight forever, we so happen to fall under that category. i wouldn’t have it any other way, nothing brings me more joy when i step into that ring and see that the person standing opposite me is the woman who inspired me to get into this business. … 
the cool mid-century design and touches really make the loading area of the incredicoaster cool. art is almost shag-esque. #incredicoaster 
@ jimmyjohns #9 unwich is where it's at 
well mo bamba’s nba career is over before it started … 
somebody at @ pcworld didn't get the memo that windows mobile has been dead for a year now …). is it any wonder pcwor'd's parent company's stock performance looks like this? 
god is a musical instrument? lol! was the old testament "god" just an allegory for a volcano? a&a forum: (on the other hand) the 19th song; a song of pantheism, a&a forum: … 
weirdest shit ever is when somebody block you then try to unblock you . byee 
this cult mentality is what he will use if he decides to encourage his "2nd amendment" people to become vigilantes. 
yes indeed sarah g is a prized star! … 
conceal & carry network -the spotlight is out! … 
im tipsy which means tonight is a good night 
love it. brady needs to be the ahole for once after years of pay cuts and sb's it's his time to do what he wants. bill isgoneafter this year anyway..great coach but his press conferences and decision to lose the last sb is proof that his time here is over. 
yes, walking, climbing, going in new places. that's something i really miss. now that the map is complete it's not the same anymore. 
if yo chevy blue like whirlwind that’s a special type of blue......that is to be admired 
watching the #warcraft #mdi with a full lap. life is good. 
that's true. it's good to accept any body make and to love ur curve but encouraging big is beautiful is not good. when your obese it comes with diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, arthritis and possible heart attack/stroke. i watch my diet, exercise, no drink/smoke.. 
have i crossed your thoughts because your name is all over mine 
i really just wanted teyana to make sex playlist music because all those songs are bops but this new stuff is cute too 
dancing king my #teenchoice for #choiceinternationalartist is #exo @ weareoneexo 
i'm not sure "both these series involve x, therefore if a person likes one series, they'll like the other" is the best method for getting people into anime or anything else. 
holy fuck this is a great photo of the sun on my tl bless 
he’s using hitlers tactic using the jews as scapegoats, we as americans can’t let this man turn our country into another nazi germany. is not about immigrants is about him taking complete control of the country. republicans are allowing this man to do as he pleases. 
my #teenchoice for #choiceinternationalartist is #exo ( @ weareoneexo) ₪ωθ₪ωθ₪ωθ₪ωθ₪ωθ 
|| is it hidden to me too? 
in shaa allah our votes is for president buhari 
civil war is what they are pushing and it is what they may get. these people are disgusting and off the rails even @ specialreport now calling us xenophobes. f u 
guess it's time to put on my maga hat grab a couple extra magazines of 45 acp and making my self visible for those that might choose to do me harm. all i can say to him is be careful what wish for, you might get it. … 
lactose is not your friend either, but don’t freak out- it’s another use within reason thing. if y’all haven’t tried fair lifeyet, it’ll change your life. i had legit fights with my fiancé over the chocolate. i love it because it tastes like dairy and i hate plant based milks. 
my apartment complex is doing free pelicans for everybody tomorrow, which is super rad don’t get me wrong, but i work all day so i’m pissed 
the park is gone . . . - … 
you mean the story that starts with a planet that is under sith occupation and later is blown up is a good example of the universe at rest? 
ok no. seriously. no. white woman calls cops on black 8 year old child for selling water without a permit. that is unquestionably racist. you don’t get to school black women on racism. i am sure you pretend allyship too. you are dangerous. educate yourself 
is the best and the most important base, you know it. 
yes, your fire truck is floor scale. :o) one of the scenarios in grand theft auto 2 had a fire truck that was armed with a flamethrower instead of a water cannon. 
and that is awful. i am so sorry for that. 
you have been repeatedly saying that they kicked her out because of "opposing views" but that's not it at all. the problem with sanders is that she is a government employee, paid by our tax dollars and she goes up to that podium and constantly lies to the american people. 
stream stram is live! also 4k tigerwriter is happening happy saturday! hope all of you are enjoying it! if you find yourself with some free time stop in and kick it. 
your nerdy, self centered, ominous-half educated remarks are certainly making you and your party less and less relevant! your playing a very dangerous game...and for what? just because our president is the best in america’s history! shame on you! #impeachirrelevantsenators 
veteran’s small business is gifted $15,000 worth of lawn equipment after his gear is stolen 
it is individuals like yourself that give christianity a bad name! why is it that makes you think you are better than others!trying to be relevant? it is obvious that you have forgotten the teachings of the lord! and come judgement day, we know where you are going! 
@ drmsambalpur pnr6415517297 18448 there is no announcement of pf for the train. passengers in confusion 
karma is a bitch 
the trick is not to make things simple, but to make the understanding and doing of things simple. much scrum training focuses on what's easy to teach (scrum) and not what's necessary (atdd/bdd/gwt). i'm guessing because that's a lot harder to teach, but much more useful. 
when you change fortnite controls and need to practice but there is no custom game 
this image is powerful 
why is beyoncé’s voice so mesmerizing 
what on earth is she doing? … 
but the only person i tell absolutely everything to is christian tbh 
who r u to tell me where i should live? this is a land of my ancestors which has allowed all faiths to live. if it was a theocratic state no other faith would have survived. secularism my foot. if u keep trampling hindu sentiments, don't expect kindness in return. 
dame dash says xxxtentacion is the biggie and 2pac of this generation 
it is now 
hapy birthday @ nita_ramos_ i hope your day is as amazing as you are! meeting you has been a blessing, you are such a sweet and funny girl best wishes and again feliz cumpleaños! 
it's not a threat, it's a warningggg. cardi b is 
biggest baseball weekend takeaway? @ maddogunleashed is high saying that the @ yankees will win the division by eight or nine games over the @ redsox. i don’t see that coming close to happening. 
i know i have 0 followers and im kinda shouting into the void, but please use the lesbian flag. what the fuck. the "l" is there for a reason. 
he is a much better wyatt though 
cassie said “sir, my father is a fire fighter.” 
we are, we know, for you, yeah i will sacrifice #teenchoice for #choicenextbigthing is #jacksonwang 123 
this. whenever i'm freaking out, my agent tells me...if you can only do on thing, write the next book. everything else is extra. … 
i had a weekend of saying "i've never done that before, but i think i'll try it" which is my favorite kind of weekend. i'm not able to travel for the sake of pure "escape" this year so… … 
spider-man 2 is literally the same title as the first one but with a number 2 slapped next to it, it's dumb logic thinking that "far from home" is uncreative that that isn't. 
parents who drag their children across the border illegally need to be charged with child endangerment. if the other parent is in the home country, then add child smuggling too … 
i actually touched someone’s bum to prove a point and i truly believe this is the reason he avoids messaging me now 
i love @ doddleoddle very much. she makes me happy that is all. 
“san francisco” is high key one of my favorite songs of all time. @ themowglis are high key some of my favorite people of all time. coincidence? you 
that 40 is your ahh alone sis 
my #choicefanfom for #teenchoice is #blackpink @ ygofficialblink … 
stuck - mxmtoon - i love this already - wow this is so relatable im crying?? - no really this is so relatable. im actually crying (ive kinda had a bad day and this hit the spot) 
#ai technology is now being used to determine with precision if specific treatments can be applied to mental health patients. accurate diagnosis is a great challenge in psychiatry, making this finding very promising. 
same! it is so crazy!!!! 
the country is down the tubes. there's so much wrong anyplace you start to attempt a repair will seem futile. the sheer messed-upness of it all is debilitating. 
the dude said lebron can shoot like steph lmaoooooo if lebron could shoot like steph. right now jordan vs lebron is a debate. it wouldn’t even be a debate … 
@ altberry you is amazing musician so proud you man thanks always for your attention 
iconic.. this is a great campaign @ netflix. keep up the great … 
this world is falling apart 
no matter what you’re doing, as long as the company is right, every motive bangs 
sugar, alcohol and sleep, is there a link or am i crazy? … via @ wordpressdotcom 
but is the lgbtq community is proud of how coke has been stealing water from indigenous people and forcing them to buy your brand bottle water at 3x the cost? … 
this is a good thread on how bigotry attracts mediocrity. … 
this boy is fine … 
of all the marvel movies thor: ragnarock is the one that comes out swinging. you might think that’s a mjolnir pun, but you’d be thorly mistaken. 
breaking news @ slicemitrov is homophobic 
is your boy in prison yet david 
i just finished fma brotherhood and wow i’m crying it’s so good. so many good lessons. that shit is so fire 
for real? if so that is incredible and you guys should be very proud 
vinte e nove #teenchoice for #choicefandom is #directioners by @ onedirection 
2/3 qatar's continued support of international terrorism is an open secret. just like the saudi's. again these are on my shithole country lists. america compared to these country's freedoms and human rights and quality of life is way superior. america is not a utopia. it is 
good for you! everyone has to grow up and see the world as it is, not as we wish it would be. hope you encouraged more democrats to think for themselves. 
how is this umbrella just floating above him like that … 
trump is talking to his core base supporters...they ain’t gonna fact check his ass! they believe every word that comes out of his lyin’ mouth. it’s like a cult! 
me too. i heard their names to my friend. maybe it's not the right time to stan with them that time because i cannot support being a fangirl unlike now. lol #teenchoice for #choiceinternationalartist is #exo @ weareoneexo 
editorial: ‘muslim ban’ ruling is one sad moment in america via @ northjersey 
one thing you always have to remember is that even if people don’t treat you right, stay true to yourself no matter what 
chris cuomo is quick , smart & doesn't let them off the hook , kicking a** taking #s . 
i heard pooh was a female. is this true? 
the hypocrisy is sickening. how dare any member of #putinsgop party demand waters apologize when they defended trumps attacks against the fbi, the intelligence community, the obama family,women,latinos, blacks, democrats,the constitution, decency, common sense,children. #fuckoff 
my tattoo is rey be dope 
dj to cle... kemba to cle... is it enough for the kang... 
puppeteered might be the word your re looking for .... puppet puppeteers and puppeteered puppets. i often wonder just how deep is this puppeteering, especially in relation to the following, and his who is organizing this: 
@ chriscuomo declining us population. we need workers. his argument about the need for sharp reductions in immigration is bs. call him out!! … … 
trying to study while in pain is not the business 
the change you want for tomorrow starts today. and the only person who will do that for you, is you. 
i must’ve been smoking some fuck shit when i tweeted this because there is no way in hell that any of this was a good idea. … 
nope. screw the @ gop hypocrites. no scotus pick until after the midterms or maybe after their dear leader is no longer under investigation. 
that is a flat out lie. hc worked all her career to help the less fortunate regardless of skin color, religion or socioeconomic background. we have never had a more qualified woman to lead this country. 
i appreciate the sentiments, but since i’m not twitter elite and don’t act like a know it all (ok with this) my exposure #onhere is limited. appreciate the good followers like you. 
trying to stay positive but it’s hard when every visit or test brings more questions and disheartening news instead of answers and treatment. i can only say i’m glad i came home because even though this is all costing a lot of money, us care would have cost 1000 x more. (no joke) 
my #teenchoice for #choicemusicwebstar is @ erikacostell 
can't stand that pathetic evil traitor.. "woe to those who say evil is good..." ted. … 
jouya kanou is a fictional character in the anime/manga series getbackers #kbot 
why is he starting in this game again? cc or gray could have started. i don’t care if it’s an inter-league game. cessa isn’t a starter!!! 
baby rhyme time is on this morning at echuca @ campaspelibrary starting at 11.00am. suitable for babies up to 18 months. 
@ schoolboyxbryce @ _scarlettaguila my nose is not big ha fuckers 
those hacks should not take vacation until this is completed 
what the fuck is happening to that club … 
you had me at nicolas cage. everything after that is icing on the cake. #faceoff #icouldeatapeachforhours … 
after my abortion and with test that came after, i also was found to have thyroid cancer. if i did not have that abortion, i would have not been tested further for different cancers. i am 10yrs out from that. please let women do what is right for them! 
whimsicott is one of my favourite pokemon god bless 
naw bruh. no disrespect, you seem to demonstrating biasness here to me. when leonard is healthy he clearly more impactful than both.. he's an excellent defender, good rebounder, scorer and consistent offensively. have to strongly disagree brotha … 
ugh. this is peak douche. 
the same way you can be all into stupid ass songs and movies and dumb ass shit is the same way you can give a damn about this! 
this is so true lmao 
seriously you must know democratic party leaders. talk to them. if you’re right, this is a way to stop it 
i bet you believe europe is real too 
make america great again by john roderick is now playing on 
every time i ask , “ where is your bonnet ?!” … 
sike, this is me at 5am every night:/ 
...self portrait lead in to one of my favorite poems by nikita gill called “don’t be beautiful”: . . they keep saying that beautiful is something a girl needs to be. but honestly? forget… … 
capital gazette shooting is the largest mass shooting of journalists in america … via @ dailycaller 
the boys having their free time enjoying local area is the reason why i love the world tour..the kind of freedom they will not get in korea 
drake is dropping an album at midnight with michael jackson on it, so all you mf better be awake 
@ thierryhenry makes @ troopzafc's day as he watches his #belgium side beat #england 1-0! is titi the ? 
in 2017, the average country etf was up 28%. in 2018, the average country etf is down 6%. #etf #think it over !! 
i think i would direct and produce the best action movies they would be so incredibly gay it'd be like here's the high octane train-top gunfight (the soundtrack is a very hard remix of a very bad katy perry song) 
ariana posting the paparazzi photos is actually me 
ready to become that girl who all her friends hate bec she only hangs out with her boyfriend everything is going according to plan just need the boyfriend 
all i think about is money and women 
@ taylorvoitel is your middle name buckets? 
hello, thank you for follow! the illustration which you draw is very pretty! 
#blackadderbot it is customary on these occasions for the groom to marry the bridesmaid i presume you will honour this 
how bout we just say the press is doing satan's work and call it a day. … 
congrads to matt barnes,struck back at that gold digging broad...but she is ok cause derek fisher is about to wife the trick...fisher is about the dumbest son of a bitch on earth. ex wife in his pocket for 130k per month and now this broad about to take all his bread 
my boyfriend is literally my wholeeeeee heart 
uhh why get this when you can just pay someone to do it. even with this thing you have to do some work. all lazlo has to do now is call someone and give them the debit card. 
this is like in grade 9 when i had a bunch of rotten milk in my locker that i forgot to take out, it spilled, and i thought that febreze would take care of it 
227+million non-trump followers who are a united front against bullsh++, are going to crush the trump/putin agenda and the gop into oblivion in 2018, they are dropping like flies already saying they won't run, update those resumes boys, the "party" is over 
my first ever boyfriend has just randomly messaged me and i haven’t spoken to him in like 5 years. wtf is happening 
was on the sidewalk today when i saw a ladybug. ”don’t step on it!” i said as i was bending over to pick it up. when reaching down i realized that it wasn’t a ladybug...but a red fucking bean. so my question now is who dropped their damn beans and made me look like a fool?? 
the logic is sound. … 
why are so many people believing him? is this a plague of mental illness? 
i hope he tries to fight it so a judge can tell him/her what an idiot he/she is and denies any reduction. 
nope. on train heading home. my opening day buddy @ mozman9 is w/ his bro 
soon the time will come when ideas will matter more than credentials. this is had when civilization is faced with the imminence of systemic collapse. credentialization can never be more than incremental in the sense that it confirms what has been achieved through functionalism... 
summer is here and the sun is shining brightly – don’t forget the importance of sunscreen. here is more about the importance of sunscreen and how to select and apply it correctly. #sunscreen #skincancer 
this is so cute haha 
@ deezer is slowly becoming a game changer for the industry. more and more people signing up and supporting local content. it’s a step in the right direction. … 
spoilers norris rider is gonna be the big bad of the campaign 
everything is getting more expensive. except for people, they are getting cheaper. #aldubsingswalangpapalit 
sorry - nearly funny, but not. trouble is, all the real giraffes have been shot by stupid, rich americans who don't understand - 1) "big game hunting" is an outdated abomination. 2) it's not "big game hunting" if the target is a herbivore - loathsome, murderous guys please note 
work for ea is your answer, ahaha! 
you got this girl!! everything is going to be worth it in the end 
is their a p t barnum award ? … 
big bucks in the child sex trafficking???? sounds that way to me??? wonder what the price is when this drug, i mean child hits the border, then whats the $$$ when they are in the us, and how much it cost to warehouse/ship to the end user??? … 
i used to see cnn in men's clothing in macy's...now it is anything but...of course macy's almost anything but as well … 
the swetst of all is praise 
it worked before so why not use it forward. fake news is all the rage these days #onpoli … 
who is making the fries at burger world right now with butt-head doing all these stupid talk shows … 
oh heavens. just grand-standing by opportunistic harris in her 2020 bid. so self-serving! but white supremacy is a straw man, made up by dems b/c they have no answers to real problems. go head sen harris, but it's a waste of taxpayer dollars for a symbolic issue. 
all of justice kennedy’s votes since his son joined with the trumps need to be reviewed. his legacy is now tainted. … 
hi usher, my name is tamara and i just want to say that iv been a fan since childhood. i guess you can say we grew up together, lol. i wish you happiness and all the blessings you can consume. always keep your head up and know that god is always in control 
awesome looking family and corn is pretty impressive too! potential #yieldhero i think @pioneerwcanada … 
don’t like to do big long tweets very often anymore but i went to a protest of the family-separation policy and saw many “we are better than this” signs and it really bothered me and i didn’t know why and then i remembered that i’m a history nerd and this is why (i have receipts) 
ok so "about time" is actually a good movie. 
@ paulazinger the gravitational pull of cheyenne mountain is infinitesimal compared to the gravitational pull of the entire earth. stop talking nonsense. 
is there any other speed? 
my sister just said "hi sisters......annyeonghaseyo dongsaengdeol" this is my fault for starting this jjsjdhdj 
26. #mcgiweeklythanksgiving saying is one thing, but proving is another thing. -msnp 
intel community says north korea is deliberately deceiving us … 
- chest value is way off (1.3k dust total) - 4kc pet btw - 71 guardian, 78 masuta, 6 seiryu kcs - ran into some sick bugs lmao 
jamie is more upset at his son than fuckin kanan who introduced him to ray and dre. #powertv 
seems to me like not having kids is a lot more natural than having kids … 
miss paltrow, this is cool, then you gotta tip on the tightrope 
if necessary we must take to the streets by the millions to prevent the surpeme court justice approval before mueller probe is finished and until /unless potus is cleared of charges. the court may have to rule on action related to him. 
grab your tea kettles & tissues, big brother is about to start. im ready. #bb20 
good guy with gun is shot and died. … 
super easy, super good. daycation is extended into a full on vacation. - drinking a daycation by @ highlandbrews 
the toasted parmesan crust at pizza hut is godly 
winning an election is one thing. defeating corruption and curbing violence, quite another. he'll have his hands full, and an expectant constituency demanding change. i hope he will be up to the task. 
appropriate - that shit is no joke. i’d rather be pale af 
this is the worst thing i've ever seen what the fuck 
it is so necessary 
my bf is talking about his ex gf to his best friend in front of me oh i’m sorry you can’t be talking to ur ex gf in front of me you fuckin ginger 
y’all just be saying anything on this application. this is why they need to start charging. 
my mindset is so different i can’t expect people to understand. 
review by: janet and tony i will never use another realtor again! paulette is experienced, honest, and doesn’t try 
this rss feed url is deprecated - #seo 
“aye yo von thats you why you in this cracker ass store bro. one of your girls live at here i got snowbunny that live out clarksburg too i know yo blackass dont stay out here” this nigga is screaming my name at the store. he need to take his black ass back to sliver spring 
may god bless you in this time of need. my prayer is going out right now. what is his first name? i would like to use his name in my prayer. 
racist soap this is going too far !!!! :p … 
it is absolutely beautiful. the two of them are absolutely incredible 
how do i become one of these people who are addicted to working out and healthy food? is there a secret club? do i have to sacrifice a goat? help a girl out!! 
@ piercecp this is right up there with "this man isn't black!" … 
yup! granted 2500 iranians citizenship during his “iran deal” which was never a deal-it was an extortion tactic;obama gave away the store all in one big wad, which is just a bit more than a smidgen! 8 yrs to destroy this country:how long to rebuild? … 
and let s finish with something that is the occupied western sahara. under rutte the netherlands signed a about 14 million € deal to fish in occupied waters. … 
1/10th of the scandals @ scottpruittok @epascottpruitt has going right now would taken down a normal epa admin.and severely damage a normal administration. but @ koch_industries $$$ is a powerful drug for the @ … 
heartbreak for japan. yoshida magnificent. inui class... fair play to belgium, but big witsel is like me first thing in the morning. 
#mentalillness comes in many different forms and often sufferers live with more than one. like tms, acupuncture is an alternative treatment because medications don't always work. 
i hope this is the week leo gets a one on one #thebachelorette 
loved your piece. your assessment is spot-on perfect. … 
if what's happening with @ grummz simply for mentioning how the democrats can win back disenfranchised voters is any indication... well, it seems mr. whedon is trying to peddle more lies and hypocrisy. 
about time they started arresting people. this is getting way out of hand. you were blasted just for saying you didn't vote for obama. you would have thought the world was coming to an end. … 
we are live!!! @ fallout 4 is happening now on the journey to #twitchaffilate @ twitchonline @ twitchretweets @ twitchkittens @ twitchtvonline @ twitchretweets0 @ streamernetwork @ twitchretweetr @ promotestreams 
i built a wall, and i tried to protect you--but you saw right through it, didn't you? you're the only one. and for that, i am truly sorry. because… everything you feel is true. i don't belong to you. or this world. i belong to another world. i always have. 
i agree this is a tough division. i disagree that boise state will run the table. … 
@holyfatiima who is this? … 
and i hope this is all a dream. 
i read it through jkr’s retweet but yes, the internet is forever. hopefully one day some kids will be reading about this pres in their school history text files and laughing their arses off at the ludicrousness of it all. 
i don't even listen to x like that but the amount of emotion he put into his music is intense 
we expect that from the liberals! this is not news 
or the us radio pop chart is the same with mediabase top 40? 
how is your knee?? 
wow that was a awesome trend to hop on.... too bad you live in texas so no one will fuck with that tweet for starters and tennessee is fucking garbage. try again … 
families are being separated. even if they are doing things the "legal" way. please open your eyes. this is not okay under any circumstances. 
shrinkage is the worst thing to ever occur 
@ uspshelp 1. i tried to call in and complain about a delivery today but your phone system is literally the worst. 2. i came home to the image attached. this is unacceptable. maybe put a rock on it so it doesn’t blow away. 
this is nothing to joke about. the more devided we become, the weaker we become. #secondcivilwarletters 
y’all my acc is growing so fast ahh 
that's not just sexual abuse, that's murder! psycho-path!! who is the kid he killed and kept the heart of?? 
american hustle is a very errr not good movie but i’d allow any of amy’s outfits from it to be considered for the canon. 
we won't have a republican president forever so my question is...what will we do when the left tries to convert the nation to socialism? do we fight it? do we wait it out? do we "resist"? what can we do? 
i feel so sorry for her, i don't know how it works now will she get to couple up with someone else? will there be any more new boys going in? or does she stay single, this is the first series i've watched for her 
my final is thursday and i've been chilling like my class has been over smh 
rand paul: studying sexual tendency of quails on cocaine is waste of government spending 
i just hope that whatever happens, ariana will be happy and she’ll be respected more by pete or whoever she ends up with. it’s what our baby deserves. ♡ that’s all i’m saying if anyone is having a hard time pls dm me. ilyy 
review by: cody shell we've been extremely happy with clean cut lawn care from day. their work is top notch, their 
retweeted sr. theresa aletheia ( @ pursuedbytruth): religious life is an eschatological sign of the life to come. we embrace radical dedication to god and reject the world's values in a way that is only made... … 
my motivation to game is really starting to get to 0 im seriously considering to stop 
you’re telling me. we finally get a new alt-j song. and the only time they arent speaking in morse code is for 1 hook? and the longest verse is pusha t rapping about foreign cars and foreign broads? 
what is the value of x? 
@ dame_lillard is there any truth to you being “wanted” by the @ lakers?? #speakfirst 
well, classical liberalism is possibly close to that. it's a little bit centre but could go left or right, depending on the particular topic. … also, i'm not entirely sure that i am a complete classical liberal. centre left is probably a good description. 
it is now trumps party for putin … 
my word is my bond 
“glew” is actually an obsolete version of the word “glue”. … 
i forgot @ whitfordbradley was gonna be in this week's episode of @ handmaidsonhulu and ohman. the finale is gonna kill me, isn't it. 
this feather piece has me fanning my screen like a good and devote sister from the front pew when the sermon is hittin' … 
why can’t our “leaders” be like this little girl? i just stalked her page and bro, she is doing so much for the flint community. it’s amazing. … 
this may be a dramatization but this is actually going on right now. children are being forced into immigration courts without a lawyer. with no defense, these children have no chance. #familiesbelongtogether … 
"as terrifying and painful as reality can be, it's also the only place where you can find true happiness. because reality is real." 
right larry. that's why a hero can be anyone at anytime. it may just be a reaction to a situation where one is called upon to do an extraordinary thing - and they do it. but the fact that they do it and don't back down - that's the quality of a hero. 
is there a cut shot of this woman eating quinoa? 
stupid is as stupid does. 
kurvo is overused from now im calling my friends lavire 
watching my elderly cat cower and flinch is breaking my heart. people are so fucking inconsiderate. fireworks are bad enough but explosions that rattle windows are totally uncalled for. 
many of u sent me pictures of this fireworks package. no, we have nothing to do with it. someone is using our logo without authorization. with that said, if u r handling fireworks this july 4th. b safe don’t b stupid! it’s called 5 finger death punch not no fingers death punch 
the solution to family separation is not indefinite family detention. @ jeffsessions @ secnielsen need to end “zero tolerance” 
life is a tragedy, confront it. life is an adventure, dare it. life is luck, make it. life is too precious, do not destroy it. life i #iyuz 
day6 - shoot me blackpink - really nu'est w - dejavu apink - i'm so sick vixx - is this love (ost are you human too?) day6 - i wait ikon - best friend <> 
thank you everyone for helping accomplish our biggest giveaway goal yet. we were able to give a @ playstation 4 to a very kind soul. @ scarlette511 is amazing for covering shipping outside the u.s. & a special thanks to @ khaljiit and her @ twitchkittens for always being there for 
the universe is a lie buy gold!!!! 
we love you, you love me i know but you love is fake love 
jihoon's chest tattoo is a big ass logo of mcdonalds 
no species here or out there is going to do any sort of trans-universe traveling until their society has become a communistic utopia - welcome to my ted talk 
this is absolutely beautiful … 
how @ realdonaldtrump is pocketing our money, visualized 
@ chelseahandler dear @ realdonaldtrump i apologize for this fall down drunken losers post on the 4th. she is a morally bankrupt circus monkey who is void of understanding politics and complex subjects. she is an empty shell who has an inner hatred unmatched by any normal person. 
penguin meat the parents (live) by hannibal buress is #nowplaying on live from 
turning and turning in the widening gyre the falcon cannot hear the falconer; things fall apart; the center cannot hold; mere anarchy is loosed upon the world. —w. b. yeats, “the second coming” 
although i don't agree with everything, this is a class-a vent. 
y’all bitches is cat fish 
absence from those we love is self from self - a deadly... … #williamshakespeare #shakespeare #quote #quotes 
this is insane … 
life is strange: before the storm - final episodio bonus 
the older i get the harder it is for me to really accept that there can be a jurassic park 2, jaws 2, etc... #really 
mother of god. it’s coming back. supra is my dream car. … 
is that da guy from billions … 
i mean, hats off to her, i wish her the best and i'm glad to see a young face replace some uninspiring dinosaur. i just don't want the dems to think that kind of politics is their midwestern meal ticket when it's just gonna get their lunch stolen. 
so what is your point? if you were arbitrarily removed from medical school - despite not being a doctor yet - would you have felt any better about it? unrealized potential is a missed opportunity... thank you for your service and sacrifice 
trevor williams is a truly likeable dude. this sucks. 
wow. what a generous offer sheet from the kings, during a market no one is getting paid like they should. … 
did you know that july is hot dog month? before you fire up the grill make sure you know about grilling safety. what's your favorite hot dog creation? share a photo with us! … 
what is wrong with you? this is not news. why do aid trump by promoting this idiocy? 
why is my body always achin and my tummy feelin sick 
you’re bang on, this is just one of many 
ain't nobody watching this keem the game is dead already 
omg this is ridiculous why is he not in jail for assaulting a minor 
all i need is someone to vent to 
got everything & everyone i want . there is no missin out... 
“biscuit? is everything ok?” 
@ brandonmli where is cespadis?? 
hey @ didig18 this is the new emoji that you have to use for sonny gray = 
great show....macy's is the best.... 
this is what the majority of the uk think of you, we also know why the areas you will visit are 'out of the way' not where 'presidents' normally visit including the house of commons! … 
as a macs sign. i love dirk. he is my favorite. but he will be more of my fave if he hits the bench 
the hardest decision to make is wondering if you should go to them or if they should come to you 
when they tell you jonathan looted and buhari is fighting corruption, tell them jonathan spent ₦1 billion daily on subsidy and petrol was ₦87 while buhari is spending ₦2.4billion daily on subsidy and petrol is n145.... … 
you know what would really help getting over this guy is if he wasn’t in every single dream every time i fall asleep thank you very fucking much 
well, you have won. now, i really will be "the soccer mom on the sidelines". congrats! croatia all the way...i knew it all along ! but i'm really sad about sweden . #savetimeless just hashtaging out of habit @ goranvisnjic is it 2 g's or 1? 
caesar's route is out and i couldn't finish the second route of klaus yet i'm a loser 
ricegum is so funny he sits in his chair and paces around his room like it’ll change something about the hate he gets on the internet 
the sneaky best part about kevin knox showing out in summer league is that it might force porzingis to come back this season, as opposed to taking the year off #nba #summerleague #knicks 
i guess my phone is only iphone that stays lagging and freezing 
no, that isn't misogyny - i see you're too dumb to understand greer's argument. quelle surprise. you don't see greer advocating sexual abuse, violence and murder - you do see males who claim they're women advocating them. that is misogyny. 
publix is where its at 
a complex two part ep set in the mirror universe ,and the whole production of this two parter is so well done ,personally the mirror universe can be a bit hit and miss for me ,but this works very well ,definite a 
"steve ditko was one of the co-creators of spider-man and other marvel heroes. he helped make the web-swinger on who he is today with his iconic costume. rip steve ditko" … 
it's truth is all. since you take offense it must identify you. 
it's what is on inside inside insideeee is gonna get you through it 
my percentage combines the categories for asian, black, hispanic, two or more races. "hispanic" is counted separately from white. the number of students categorized as hispanic is 35. black and hispanic/latinx students together comprise 81.5% of jrc's school-age population. 
fir filed, fight in court! protesting before sp's office and saying woman as criminal background is admitting to the crime. hope the woman gets proper legal support to fight these goons. … 
man this texas weather is so strange one minute it starts to rain then the next minute it stops! 
sometimes the finish line is just the start of something new 
iirc there is a translation for realta nua (the vn cleaned up a bit with a final scene added.) i’m guessing they kinda want to separate the lucrative franchise from the original h scenes. 
just vote. we have to campaign twice as hard and we have to convince our not so dependably voting democrat brethren and sisters. it’s that simple. if we think someone else is going to do it we’re mistaken. 
yeah because music about drug consumption and crime is something entirely exclusive to rap. regular people never listened to stuff about partying and doing crazy shit before. … 
propaganda sorry you bought it clinton left the wh head over heels in debt. obama never profited from his position.trump not collecting a paycheck is another one of his cons as he makes more than his annual salary from his trip. the man is dishonest pathological liar. research 
ok then who will explain to her? the verdict is in english. 
tl/dr: the democratic party is the one with all the women. 
why don't these guys just say fuck it and go in anyway? seriously, is ice really going to arrest a senator or congressmen or lay a hand on them? 
being dairy free for the sake of my skin problems is sooooo hard 
“my titi said your food is so not healthy.... i know right?” she’s so silly #myheart #healthy #healthyfood … 
quincy is fine for no reason. none. 
it did happen at ohio state and congressman jordan did nothing about it when he was coach there. it didn’t happen to poop weasel, but if it had he is sure his coach would have done the right thing. clear? 
love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own 
is texas even real 
enjoy man - it is an absolutely incredible experience; made better if your familiar with the previous version of the character 
bolaji badejo is an interesting person 
devion is one of the more high intensity/polished players i've seen at that age. got a little westbrook in him! balls to the wall 
y’all really don’t know katya henry is bae 
popcorn is my comfort food 
i love summer cause bbq’n is the lick! can’t wait to devour these ribs 
i share this every year as a reminder of how important it is to keep family first! #sundaysoulseasonings @louisville, kentucky … 
we run bad is an authentic and darkly comic ride through underground gambling culture in america. @ curry_writer 
the time management side of it ? crazy enough. the focus/priority management part going on in my mental is what really takes knocks me out 
@ kfort1n probably the only way i know 
usually get in from a model show still in the glow of "well i didn't buy much really"... lasts until half way through the process of listing it all on our website's "my stash just grew again" thread, when the sound of an "oops" is heard, approaching as if from a great distance... 
you’re saying you don’t understand why but there are many scholarly journals and papers written about this issue that would help you to understand why a statement like that is off putting. you can find these sources through google 
this is art lysm 
i hope this is not true. are any legitimate news outlets confirming this story? nothing surprises me anymore. but, i have taken too many buzzfeed quizzes to trust this entirely. 
just imagine for a moment that justin's wedding is published and beliebers around the world can go to see them i only ask god to go there with all my mutuals that have been by my side day by day for the passion that make us a family you're part of me 
"climate change is a justice issue." -- @ nikaelugardo #electnika #vote4nikasept4 #15suffolkforum 
shawn and me in a room: (moaning & bed moving) me: oh my god uhh yes it feels so good shawn: yeah i think my dick is in to far 
identifying, managing and escalating breaches is the least problematic of a licensee's obligations. #cba #amp 
i didn't say locked up forever. i said no bail until the case is adjudicated. 
wait, 18 million pennies is 180k. not 1.8k, right? 1beef=1penny then 18m divided by 100 (pennies per dollar) or am i mind fucking myself? 
but i did some research and the tittle of an image is "they can't see yellow" and in the bible, yellow means "purification" 
she knows who she is, and she embraces it. … 
my answer is gonna be not responding to the text. take that as a no. 
this storm is just 
never thought that i would own a pit bull but here i am her name is honey 
it is disgusting that they can't figure out citizens and non-citizens. what they are doing is evil in the first place and compounded by incompetence. to lose the parents of any child they have taken responsibility for is an outrage. … 
if there is no struggle, there is no progress. frederick douglass #fiverr #freelance 
new episode is up! 7-10-18 - fourthmeal fury road 
so you see class. the lesson today is that social media is merely a highlight reel. that is why "jimmy gets high tonight" stay tuned boppers stay tuned" 
a high five to his white supremacist followers is all i can imagine it das. 
each state is listed here - and everybody loves a bargain! the best bargain homes on the market 11.7.2018 … via @ viewcomau 
that scene in lilo and stitch when lilo is laying on the floor listening to heartbreak hotel with the door locked.......... 
@ avaduvernayfans lord i wish queen sugar is was coming on tonight i hope charley dosent find out about nova and reamy 
@.ridemadden: i don't know why bent is being so weird about my wig, he has more than enough hair on his head. stop being selfish 
the end of devils rejects is the best ending to a movie ever. change my mind. 
it's safe, the only thing they bite is the press box food. #tacotuesday 
the host on nailed it! is kind of really annoying... 
that is the tedious, unsexy work of good governance that could make a tremendous difference for the country's budget, power structures, and health and well being over time-- and i think if that work could be undertaken in good faith, there could be many consensus solutions. -b 
@ its_gudaitis i hope all is amazin! i created this shit from scratch, no producer actually zero engineer. solely me. … make sure to repost, like & comment!!!!!!!!! 
this is how much they hat 63,000,000 people. get a life! … 
the ****** h in me is freaking out ubrif 
fb pages feature is real difficult to use so if you get a request to like my page more than once i’m sorry 
dat crack is big 
the crying shame is what's goes on in chicago has nothing to do with white or color of skin but when trump tried to intervene in there by taking the federal and putting them in place why did everybody say no and make him back off 
rt if season 5 fortnite release tomorrow is gonna take over your summer 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist skrillex - all is fair in love and brostep with ragga twins [audio] 
this is a great idea. … 
this is great, @ jacobtswinney if only you could add the latest @ mothermovie close-ups that would be perfect 
is that @ lukedonald ? 
that movie is a ride it's very good but i couldn't watch that bit 
you are not alone, god is always with you 
my lil sis is so disrespectful, when i was her age if i even raised my voice to my mom.. it was over. this new era is crazzzzy 
#thedarlingseries by diana quinones rivera starring @ darlingshear is dropping monday, july 16 with a free screening at reunion chicago with @ symbioticseries. rsvp: 
@ cnnpolitics @ cnn calling prior staff is unethical. can’t imagine why the rating s at cnn suck. 
i'm sure he did. that's not the point. there's a difference btw football and football mania. mania leads to manic depression a mental condition. when mixed with alcohol, winning and losing could mean is more than a game.. and many lose more than that 
weave is optional .. i got hair 
thought it was new for not too late, not early evening. autocorrect is crazy lol. 
y’all jeopardy is really bad for my ego because it really makes me feel like a genius even though i never get shit right 
“this is history” was me all the way … 
my rule is i don’t follow company wish unless they are super strict and will hunt me down. especially when the company is not even american. i only follow rule when it’s indie creators 
sleeping pattern is well and truly fucked 
potus tried to deflect the fact that he has no respect insulting our allies is like shooing away flies from bs that all can detect 
lil asst professor with less than 200 followers is taking aception to the attention and your torching reply. "won't these people ever learn?"... 
this is so dumb. not cheering for anyone, goodbye 
in short, the story republicans have been telling is you can’t have a political opinion and serve in a job that involves oversight or investigations. #projection but ok, i’m looking forward to 200 resignations so #trumprussia can be properly investigated. #partyfirst #gopbastards 
i was so emotinal when i saw the video of the show and i don't know you, but im so happy for you!!!!! you have to be proud of this incredible gift! love is love, no matter what! 
what is your stomach made out of? … 
the best part of this video is when the lady says "..salsa dancing has actually been a tradition here at orchard beach for over 50 years!"...all while people are dancing to bachata in the background. i can not. @ thrillist @ delta ya'll … 
haha yeah that’s why politics is a bad idea in those situations some people get mad easy if u don’t agree w them 
lol fran is a female? hahaha. it’s so hard to figure out what is female name, what is male name. hehe~ 
i know .. wrong when i perceive it. this is both misleading and wrong ... … 
#icymi- daugher of former wwe superstar is training to wrestle, goal is to make it to the performance center 
she is right... … 
exactly if someone is saying things about you true or not wouldn’t you want people to know your side? 
he hired mostly people that have no idea what they are doing, it's a revolving door. epa is a mess, mnuchin is a big player in mtg crisis with one west, evangelical are claiming god put him in power, i believe in seperation of church and state, i hate what trump is doing 
you need to upload this video and teach that cop a lesson. i know it will likely only result in public shaming, but this is ridiculous and should happen to no one. 
@ stellamaeve14 i just finished the magicians season 3 and i wanna say thank you! thanks for give us an amazing character as julia is! of course the writers did a great job but you made it real! i love the goddess julia! 
idk who sara is but this is extreme cursed energy 
@ bobgoodlatte6 you support trump. you are complicit. it is over bud. 
kitty, september 18th, youngjae(got7) (fun fact his birthday is a day before mine ) 
my megatron is actually big boss 
there is so much wrong about things that a "fall guy" is not good enough but a govt fall. 
yes because he is worthy!! blessings brother! holy hugs! … 
i’m dead wild n out is so funny 
i lost in a ranked and is was the most funniest game i played 
7% win rate is more impressive than k/d 
it is 23:48 utc now 
@ idaklockmann women over 49 and girls under 15 are not covered in the indicators- this is political and is a key point of @ sexogsamfund advocacy in the review of indicators #dataispolitical #sdgs #hlpf2018 @ denmark_un @ globaltfokus @ dstdk 
this is the saddest tweet in the world, delete your account. 
trump would be drooling, but looking at this he would have to best chance in an overall election. democratic party is a disaster. 
literally any living thing is just a “bunch of cells.” your argument is both scientifically and morally bankrupt 
issue is fixed! 
please, do send me a report which is due today, 20 mins before i leave the office 
dotard knows.nothing he always talks out his backside all bs is all he knows #trumprussia … 
cooking is really fun tho like i wana hav no oh no oh nonononononono 
i’m out in the town !! heard nothing yet ?? the police helicopter is up so never say never !!! but uvf i doubt it it they are all nursing hangovers atm 
is this the apocalypse? i honestly think my family and i will survive 
so is he retracting yesterday’s circus, or... 
the star egg gives you a random gifted bee you don't have which is why it's in summer while the star great being the only way to get gifted events bees {besides bear when it was 1st obtainable} which is why it's in super summer 
thank you my friend. glad to hear that. mine is going well, made it thru work so i am happy lol 
according to the fbi, officials said bytegrid llc, the web-hosting firm, is financed by altpoint capital partners, whose fund manager is a russian, and its largest investor is a russian oligarch named vladimir potanin. 
taylor swift is in the book i bet. 
oh dear fucking god.why do you do this to me rebecca?i've gone through 3 monitors today looking at these photos because they're so hot they blew the damn things up. seriously though, i'm an atheist but these photos are evidence there is a god and she has damn fine taste 
“however, watching one’s language is an important aspect for manners is it not? please, reconsider it miss.” please awaken him to the fact that this is not the normal kagamine. … 
hi, my name is marisa kirisame. i'm an alcoholic #jpzbot 
fake love is so catchy i've been singing it all day! pretty please play it! @ mostrequestlive @ bts_twt … 
that’s not what their music is for.. 
turmoil is spreading faster than anything 
youtube is such a weird experience, it's like one second you're watching funny videos and the next it's like nature videos then it's sad videos about people surviving jumping off the golden gate bridge 
all i want is a nacho bell grande from taco bell 
life is what you make of it. 
this is the terrible guy they are all up in arms over? smh!! see this instagram photo by @ hardwick … #istandwithchrishardwick 
cool imagery.. where is this? 
what is trump's witchy name? … 
i look at my "quitting" as changing habits. the vape is helping me a lot but i'm gonna have to work on that "habit" as well. some times i use my vape way to often bit still feel better than smoking cigarettes. 
water nation is my home … 
my heart is heavy tonight after learning of the passing of one of my heroes. i admired claudia griffith from afar long before i got the chance to know her personally. … 
i voted for #teambts on @ thetylt—winning teen choice, billboard awards proves @ bts_twt is the top international act 
you and i is really good and it’s on the same compound as golden bell but a lottttttt more expensive. 
i know you really aren’t a leftist leftie., but we don’t care about his golf game & we really don’t care what the lefties of the world have to say. my husband is a left handed golfer. maybe that helps. 
we should be doing this sh*t and let them know that we are not going to stand for what @ gop and @ realdonaldtrump are doing. every person in country should be outraged by what this administration and gop is doing to our beloved country … 
petition for big festival tents to get some big fat motherf*ckin aircon. man is not hot. man is fackin boilinnnng. 
hypocrite is the new normal. … 
what is something you wish you could do? — be worth something … 
happy birthday ghado, i hope your birthday is the best ! 
i think i do, danny. i was trying to explain that to u when u told me, in effect, to get lost. i know u for the decent man u are. i think u want to engage. but it is hard. really hard. and i’m sorry u think i patronised you. i’d like to try again. there is a lot at stake here. 
it was a quick notion, hana almost figured it was a part of her desperate imagination at this point but yes, that warm, toned bicep was indeed resting on the back of her neck and suddenly the room is on fire and she needs an escape route. 
the simple truth is that my buzzsaw harmonic qualities, which are starting to form the effect of a backup singer (b1/c2, g2, + g3, as pictured below) will likely make me reviled by most of the members of the workshop. i may as well go all-in on both the melodic + harmonic. 
my secret admirer on twitter is: @find yours at … 
lowkey can’t believe incredibles 2 is out, we really are in the future 
okay, a dose of truth then...you’re in bed with putin. whether it’s because the pee pee tapes are real or you’re a fool, or both, is irrelevant. the facts are you’re hurting your allies and giving succour to traditional enemies, which makes you a traitor. how’s that for truth? 
well, i logged into wow hoping to just putz about and do my own thing and watch some more dollhouse (again), but the fact that guild chat is scrolling is bothering me, and i feel guilty for that. lol 
despite what bruce willis said last night, it is in fact the best christmas movie 
coincidentally, the next beatles song, alphabetically, is "all i've got to do", written by lennon for their 1963 album, with the beatles. 
my sleep schedule is ruined but that was a very fun world cup 
carmella has to be a fucking cumrag for the office. this is a joke. 
how y’all can’t even give yixing 500k when he is speaking in 6 languages for y’all.. i just, i just have to laugh.. 
that one little puppy is like: i'll eat how i want! don't change me! 
what's more stupid here is that they keep om saying that it's piracy that bh can't do anything abt so...? are you guys really that dumb or what ._. 
and completely ridiculous... which is what the democrats do. 
i'd rather see this then another asuka title match, it is time to move on from her 
$400 million? but trump is the traitor? you can't make this up. this is better than any movie. … 
i’m an independent woman who is graduating with a masters tomorrow. self love is so so important. i earned this msc. i need to remember who tf i am. 
and... my office is flooding. fabulous. #ineedwine … 
now this my friends, is true patriotism. thank you. … 
hi @ twittersupport i am not a . i am just trying to save a show over here and occasionally re tweet some political stuff. starting wonder which one is the problem. please remove my shadow ban. thank you! 
18 u.s. code § 2381 - treason whoever, owing allegiance to the united states, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the united states or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned... 
the ending tho.... i mean the song is good but the animation,,,,,,,,, like why why did it have to be like that 
@ rhyshoskins is my pick in the #homerunderby 
so i'm attempting to channel myself into my content. here is the first go at it. 
this is why this game sucks … 
my grandma is so cute i love her so much im gonna cry 
who is this? he sang my old kentucky home at the derby a couple of years back 
matenro group photo but hifumi is doing a split 
well i wanna be like you but the way shit is set up 
this is insanity. … 
i think fellatio is a better word for it … 
msnbc's nicolle wallace: 'all he had to do is not put on jammies and crawl into bed with vladimir putin -- and he couldn't even do that' via rawstory 
what is this dudes beef? … 
@ fritoontheradio armys are so excited about the @ bts_twt comeback! my night would be even better if fake love is on the #iheartradio8at8 
the 4 a.m media directive already was in play. if trump publicly trashes putin ... scream "treason"! the novice is going to cause ww3!! if trump doesnt publicly trash putin... scream "treason"! putin has dirt on potus. trump knows this & he chose the road to peace. 
hey jim...i don't know what game you are playing but #maga movement doesn't need anyone slowing the train down. back off with your crazy tweets about trump and treason! trump is not a traitor! true definition of that word is killary and barry! #dems4gitmo 
the only reason phil hates nintendo and trashes them all the time is because he doesnt get paid to play some of their biggest games on youtube. yup, he's that greedy people. 
speaking as a winner i can say hands down @ smorgsinnit is the best ! and honest . 
trump: “you have groups that are wondering why the fbi never took the server,” “why didn’t they take the server? where is the server, i want to know, and what is the server saying?" "...what is the server saying?" ??? dumb. as. fuck... #trump … 
@ george takei, #45 is a liar, liar pants on fire! our country needs to put this man out b-4 america burns down! 
no man's sky is actually good now after all the updates, though. yes, i know sean murray lied his arse off. yes, i know it was terrible at launch. but it's good now. 
lmaoooo self-awareness is admirable as hell 
god is a woman … 
what is idle does not help the nation. it is waste where waste should not be a luxury. … 
i hate everything right now and my brain is mush. give me a good #allstargame please and thank you. 
@ mbmbam and the mcelroys in general is free dopamine. 
mentality of @ realdonaldtrump? what leader pardons friends & campaign workers guilty of serious crimes just to spite principles & institutions of our democracy? this is who entire @ gop has become, followers of the *current* jim jones, drinking his koolaid. @ senategop @ housegop 
what is that? an attempt to discuss or debate? maybe when you’re a bit older. 
haaa! so many people have tweeted me that - my love for fozzie and rage is apparently well documented! 
the baby wombat is coming 
#wdwbeauts is trending!! keep spreading the love and positivity 
rosetta stone: trump is an #rfde #neuroweapon #mindpuppet of putin and a hard-right fascist vanguard admin'ed in u.s. by @ lockheedmartin #cyber: vet journo exposes control tek: & … 
this is dope af! … 
3 years ago today limousine liberal won his 2nd race in as many starts @ ellisparkracing with @ davisjockey .he would go on to be a multiple graded stakes winner, and is schedule next to go in gr1 forego.. @ hr_nation like to see his 2nd win listed in your chart..near track 
a man who cooks is gratz vin! 
what is a clothing line is basically "i want to die" 
(sighs) i should have known the truth would come out sooner or later. the fact is, i really was born on earth... tomorrow. 
and china is now buying soybeans from russia. this web becomes more convoluted by the minute. 
this is what i get for asking for a link 
hackintosh. shit is tough to do sometimes and you can't upgrade shit without doing it all over lol 
this is the cutest thing i've ever seen 
this is a dope message but am i the only one wondering how long it took to make this post, just asking? 
corruption is a given outcome of the monetary system. 
laying in bed catching up on youtube is my favorite part of the day 
whoever said he is reveal urself bc ur the only one safe from the purge 
add on the moments where namjoon says that jimin is cute and moments where namjoon goes (๑˃́ꇴ˂̀๑) for jimin then it'll perfectly describe them in your au 
t100 writers: (character) is straight t100 cast: you fools. have you learned nothing 
i’m like 90% sure they are in a kitchen which is where knives are usually kept... 
russiagate is far wider than trump and his inner circle … 
all i want is a new planner with a lot of accessories 
this is too cute! 
yes they are, every girl is in it 
my baby is already two months today , how time flies . these two months have been so difficult can’t wait til she starts sleeping more 
« to this is: the boys who pine over a love that never will be. why continuously hurt yourself for the same outcome? what does that accomplish for you? love is frail and fragile and it needs to be nursed. love is broken in a lot of women. so, boys... i need you grow up. 
is that idle or on medium/high load? 
they may do something similar when they head to la. not all hope is lost. 
@ mtvbananas is the @ realdonaldtrump of the #mtvchallenge #finalreckoning @ challengemtv 
everything is falling into place and every time i think nothing else can come up, i get more good news. i deserve all these wins !! 
the thing is if someone tweets something like: “i dont like katy perrys music” and your initial reaction is to find who they stan and say “yeah well shawn mendes cant even sing!!! gotcha!!!!” what are you twelve ????? djdksksjs 
unpopular opinion but in n out is trash 
[txt negasonic] jane: yeah i can't sleep either what i do to sleep better is lay on my bed and start relaxing slowly each part of my body, from toes to head, also arms and fingers...or just take a pill to sleep. i have some lol 
if you grew up in (and still remain in) evangelicalism, this is a necessary and refreshing read. if you are studying to go into ministry (@ozark students) this is not an issue that will go away and we will keep seeing the consequences. … 
i have spent about $30 on strike force. i'm desperate for a universe focused game and it is filling in that gap despite how pay to win it is with the consumables. 
a job guarantee/national minimum wage @>101% of median wage and more direct democracy including in (bigger) private and public institutions and firms would be a mighty good start. no economy is done with creative destruction so competition is only bad for increasing inequality. 
she is a definite mental case. 
5. my sister watched joeygraceffa and recommended him to me and i love him and daniel so much fun fact their ship name sounds and is spelled almost my real name 
now that is funny!!!! … 
it could be too late hoping mueller names names this week and has massive arrests like the untouchables if not america is in for a very bad financial year 
fine, but are you saying other created beings remained "perfect" in their nature? where dummy humans fell? et would have to be perfect, in their free will. you believe that is possible? if so, considering free will, how? from one of my posts: 
i know. feeling ashamed is a constant until you see that their opinions don't mean shit. i'm really the shitest at helping; but i don't like seeing people hurting. you think your mind is dark & clouded but them fckers, the ones that mock you; their darker beyond relief. 
ayce riblets & chicken tenders are back at @ applebees! they made it a competition, but is it? #teamtenders without a doubt! put me on the roster. #sweepstakes 
it’s getting hot up in here! this is one of my favorite summer drinks inspired by the amazing @ lazyhummingbird . . fresh squeezed grapefruit juice fresh mint 2oz aloe raw honey . place… … 
praying for your continued progress, and healing. if ever you find yourself heading to that place again, or in that place. know that what are going through is real, and you will overcome it in time. blessings & love. 
this is a diabolical practice!!! … 
i'm sorry @ jamesgunn lost his spot at @ marvel because @ disney is shitting itself bout a merger. getting a fantastic four movie isn't worth watching micky mouse suck off the potus. 
of course intersex people exist. they don't constitute a third reproductive class. that is why they are called intersex. 
next thing coming for the 32 is seats. i need something to spice the inside up. stay tuned 
brews taphouse and growler fills ( @ brewstaphouse): reubens crikey ( @ reubensbrews) is on, replacing stone idolatrous ( @ stonebrewingco) 
if you do, don’t use the sauce. meat is good. sides are fine. sauce is trash 
yes that is blackmail 
what is wrong with everyone’s wifi? i’ve hit 280mbps on my wifi and it’s not even the new setup yet 
@ zippybond of 007 livestock with his @ horizon_seeds hz675 looking great. 5-6 days from tasselling. this variety is robust and big. setting up for nice tonnage and feed value. 
eben your music is going to change this world and do such amazing things your such a hard worker and deserve all the fame a fortune i love you so so so much and you better make your way back to ireland so i can give you a fat ass hug i’m so proud of you 
geez people are making a fuss out of the challenge when in the first place konics has good intention to hype the song and seungri's comeback too. isn't that a good thing? why you gotta spit out sth which is not an issue in the first place? chill idiot 
i am genuinely upset, this is not ok. 
but i feel (therefore no data or scientific evidence), that the role that religion plays is significant but not primary. and here is my reason (maybe i can claim scientific after all). 1) we r notorious for selective religiosity; see inter tribal marriage issues for example 
interesting night to say the least ... knowing my mum is out having a good time at 1am is the cutest, lmao breaking her curfew 
hey putin! check out how well your puppet is delivering your script to the masses! you must be so proud! cc @ senatemajldr @ … 
our king is moderate as she is, portable king ceec i 
cannot it not tho? i’m traveling to europe for work for 3 weeks and ummmm europeans are kind of cranky as is.... 
lifewide learning is going to be necessary for everyone in the workplace. don’t make the mistake of overlooking the potential of older employees. @ moniquejmorrow 
my face is still tingly 
lmfao this is so fun oh my goodness 
congrats sir! well deserved. hope all is well! 
hmmm i was thinking of the lyrics from the sharpest lives but i have no clue what the new fic is going to be called ah well... — if you consider what the fic is about, it's pretty easy to figure out lmao but yesssssss i was a... … 
yeah, i'm sure it must be hard to find competent japanese translators and as long as the english translation is fine there should be no big problem. 
i can’t wait to get my damn-ass hair trimmed when i get home, it is so sad. 
facts bro shit is sad them murals is odeee shit i would pay for one … 
truth rt @ comedyposts: this is the level of "minding my business" i'm currently on 
omg is it her birthday?! happy birthday to the cute angel !! also, that is such a nice cake i’m jealous ! 
heck yeah! and the movement is contagious! 
ace family is growing so fast i’m so emotional aw :,) 
seafood is the best food 
this is a thing i did not know i needed, but is amazing. 
i can't get over how awesome this poster that i got today is 
sigh we need a new router for the wi-fi. our internet is fine but none of our wireless devices (i.e. my kindle and phone) can connect to the wi-fi for longer than a few moments and instantly disconnects if we try to do anything. 
@ cntryhouseparty my boy turned 7 today. his name is kristian. he wants to hear some garth. the thunder rolls?? 
nothing is stronger than the spark within you. 
level #magabros doesn't see it yet..but they will..crazywinnie was easier to control because he gets pissed off so easily & he would've been lost without brett..but brett is just fine..they'll probably never get another chance to get him out.. #bb20 
it’s really been 4 years since i made my twitter. and this year is the only year i’ve used it 
the pharmacy is closed so i’ll have to go tomorrow 
the heat here is unbearable 
he is german love and respect this man so much 
being 10 months pregnant in the summer is not the deal you don’t want to do that lmao 
also, destiny is a fickle bitch and gives me my least favourite poké, simipour, and makes it my strongest one. i never even used tyranitar. 
shay and ian !! how cute is their friendship ! 
hydro pump is the best damaging move in the game, it beats both psycho cut and psychic (which are by a higher stat pokémon). if all of hydro pump hit a single pokémon, the total damage is higher than that of psycho cut and psychic, even if the hydro pump pokémon is twice as weak. 
i created this world for a certain story, and while it could certainly make a good campaign, developing the setting more makes me think of past world events that shaped it to be what it is, and what sort of quests could take place there 
the is likely the only area in my life that i consider myself adept at. i’ve never honked. i’ve never sped. i got one red lighter ticket once for a rolling stop on s right turn, at night. i’ve never run a red. i always let cars in. i wave thanks. i like being nice. 
(osos) news report: this is why cnn viewership is next to nothing.... … 
ok this is god way of telling me he doesn’t want me to work right now , let me sit my ass down and be obedient 
got more juice than hi-c who tf is writing this 
if there is anyone who can help the #vikings recover from sunday's tragedy, it's mike … 
is this some new merch idea from keepin it 100, @ konnan5150 @ jffeeney3rd? sorta like daryl takahashi? i smell 
appreciation for the bitch that i love an cherish i love you so much thank you my heart is going uwu. (these are both from snap the last time we hang out i’m not willing to go to the depths of my photos) @ tessvduncan she made me cool bracelets and gives me good 
i liked a @ youtube video the football is going on forever! (that mitchell and webb look live) 
it’s not even a consistent denial. “obama knew about it” so it’s his fault for doing nothing (a lie in itself) but the “it” in question is “a big hoax”? 
so is this like digitally painted or pictures photoshopped cus giiirll... thats so fricking awesome! i rlly adore the second one, i kind of rlly like the eyes like that, gives a nice little detail 
seeing a barbour jacket on a dog is peak ues 
tf is this new op 
you are a low life scum mr comey! how corrupt is the fbi? i hope you go to prison! 
this would be future items. the flamethrower would go up to 17 meters and do 5-10 damage for every 1 second you are in the "fire path" the wired tnt trap would be like a proximity mine but only can be placed on walls. the player tracker is something that you can throw on your 1/2 
yes it is... … 
zhang yixing, i love youuuu~~~~ your happiness is my happiness too. so please always be happy 
am i the only person who is 49 years old that still has to think in her mind “i before e, except after c?”. like on a regular. isn’t that 4th or 5th grade? yeah, i’m that basic. 
please continue with your “russia” theme. it will elect more republicans than you can count!! 1% of america gives a darn. we’re tired of you crying wolf for the last 2 years... really.. but.. if that is all you got.. then i can see you beating that dead horse...over and over 
my first time going out as a mom is going to be hella ratchet so ima need to go far far away.... 
newsflash that's acceptable everywhere even in bumfuk cogshitestan if you have a knife and you threaten people you get fucked up this is the status quo it has been for thousands of years and will be for thousands more 
this is so pretty 
my feed is full of "promoted" shit. 
sure things can be better, but it could be worse. and someone, somewhere has it harder than us right now. this awareness is called gratitude. … 
announcement time is almost here!! … 
chuckie is so stinkin’ cute in that artists recreation … 
jun is cuter than the dog … 
it is out of control @ repmaxinewaters @ cnn @ jaketapper thanks to these 
this dude sitting beside me is sleeping and he’s tilting towards my side andddd he’s gonna sleep-fall on me anytime soon, sis stress 
confidence is everything 
we still haven’t bought one and it is the worst. 
is anybody a scorpio 
having to watch euro news and read irish newspapers to find out what is going on re brexit 
my biggest pet peeve is when people smack when they eat. 
this updated @ espn app is terrible 
tell you what chap, i'll put my soul on the line. i'll go to church when 1) philly teachers make as much in overtime as philly police. 2) public school teacher certs. are subsidized the same way @ ppdrecruittrng is free & w/ paid training. let's pray for divine intervention. 
a few reasons why trump may give amlo what he didn't want to agree with epn (just spec): 1) he may feel more at ease with an anti-establishment' politician; 2) fighting a very popular president is tougher; 3) nafta talks went too far now & he needs a trade 'victory' asap.. 
old laura is so mature for still going to comfort new laura when she was crying even after her questions, dont get why she gets so much hate she’s so sweet … 
lmao its year thirty seven why in gods name would anyone i'm their right mind get on that dogshit unless its at least for some dollars? this is the thought process of the people that used to play the game 
i'm scared to ask but dying to know if it's what i think it is. 
my brother is a character 
this is why i hate @ … 
this is an opinion piece. sorry. 
no. this is no different than the trumpers who get off on “librul tears” 
guess it's not going to affect the private schools the pols send their kids to. btw, why is there not an inclusion program for the illegal immigrants and ms-13 members in those private dc schools? it would be nice if they had one for the autumn semester, yes? 
trump is the thief that stole our identities as americans, he stole our kindness, he stole our empathy, he stole who we are as decent people that care for those less fortunate. trump has made us afraid of each other, our country, our future...hitler did the exact same thing. 
welcome. we’re glad to have you come & express your 1st amendment rights of free speech. we may not always agree but we’re willing to have a conversation. we don’t follow the mockingbird press. everyone is equal here. #wwg1wga 
they're so advanced, they dont know what advil is. c'mon sean you know that 
#qanon is back 
this girls’ cousin is ducky from the “land before time” movies i swear … 
and ur point is these a-holes know but they won't do a damn thing about ... then the problem grows 
damn dis bitch is actually mean 
not quite. you’ve got a ways to go, professor. oh. and there is the supreme court. good luck there. 
a valentines skin in july happened today.... epic is all sorts of fucked up 
no need to knock anybody. i'm simply stating the oa's doing an excellent job as a sports department but i'll opine there's a reason why the oa is hiring, and others are making cuts- quality of product. interesting, compelling journalism has nothing to do with corporate america. 
it's kinda shocking how unsurprising it is. … 
cnn is biased. not news. not fair. hates trump. for that reason, i am glad they were shut out. 
@ klasrarauf sir technology is always "plug and pray" not " plug and play" please ask maalik consider and avoid consiparacy theories and nagativity. 
this is very odd timing in my opinion. i expect we will hear more in the next couple days. it’s a shame one of the greatest canucks ever had to go out like this. it is for the best of the franchise to move on from him, we need someone with more experience. hopefully we get it 
sometimes a good cry is all u need 
ok so obv what happened to demi is awful & we hope she’s okay but other celebrities have overdosed as well & they get either ignored or bombarded with blame. demi is responsible for her decision as well as all the others, but we should support victims of drug abuse & not nitpick 
@ radicalrachel20 and i are at @ granadatheater to see @ swstheband and my inner emo kid is screaming 
social media is the devil 
$ fb has a bad day and as usual pawns find it funny that a successful person takes a hit. ive never had $ fb account for reasons that apparently no one knew untill put on the the news a little think called privacy. but respect what he has done and will continue to do is win. 
as they say, success is where preparation and opportunity meet. what was/were the critical moment(s) for you? 
in addition to this voter purging is on the rise again so something needs to be done nationwide to ask all voters to check if they are still active voters— georgia just did it according to a tweet i recently read. 
im honestly surprised that this is the first time ive ever blocked karla 
if you don’t like hillary and trump? then you should have not voted at all. she is a true criminal! 
jojo part 5 is releasing before the guild update and jojo part 5 was supposedly announced never 
he is a pig and he cares nothing about fairness. he only wants people and news organizations to stroke his pathetic ego. have you not worked this out yet? 
nashville’s lineup is the most depleted its been all season atlanta brought an mls reserve team hold onto your butts … 
this is the softest and gentlest thing ever. so much like namjoon. this tweet just softly emits joonie's aura. 
la culture is watching too many people bird past you while ur sitting in traffic and considering to bird to work tomorrow 
they did. that’s why karachi is straight up better. because the residents took a stand for principles unlike the lahoris who’d sell their souls for orange line. 
that's why alternitive news is gaining strength because of moves like these. alex jones paul joseph watson mark dice ben shapiro all of these guys are better inform. i like fox news but when things like these happens i start having my doubts.. 
uber drivers ringing you is the most dumb shit that is certified to complicate the already accurately decided plan. this uber driver seems pissed off he tried to call me three times, despite me simply being exactly where we arranged to, and have met. just drive the machine. 
anyone that has their own picture as their screensaver is narcissistic. don’t @ me on this. 
jockeys are hardly owners “customers” more like their inherited employees, acquired by trainer. that mentality is what’s giving them too much of a voice to begin with. they work for us i.e. r freedman and the owners. not the other way around. 
this period of pachelbels life is the least documented one, so it is 
it’s 2 am and i’m lying in my bed sobbing because this is so beautiful, inspirational and powerful that it hits me like it’s the first time i ever see this via @ youtube 
@ birdsblooms new magazine subscriber. looking forward to receiving each issue. i just started feeding birds and now i want to set up a backyard habitat for them. watching birds is my meditation. 
"i can't recommend the london actors workshop enough! for budding actors out there, this is the place to be. so much fun! full of useful and practical advice about the profession and the craft...a wealth of knowledge to draw from!" 
@ iwillredpillu love your tweets. you really nail it accurately. the corruption, perversion, fraud etc. is just mind blowing and most people just won't accept that their hero is a creep. p.s. you're a very attractive young lady. god bless you 
we are on the air! chat room is open rbny mid-week special: at dc united 
my wip for this still has more likes this is so sad.. … 
ps. it is i that am pushing for human rights and it is you that is pushing for the repression of the human rights of palestinains. so tell me who is the one that embraces hatred. . . pps. what did the 17 kids that israeli snipers deliberately slaughtered in gaza do to you? 
there’s no way i could pay you back but my plan is to show you that i understand, you are appreciated 
lay all your love on me is the worst song though and i’m prepared to fight anyone who defends it 
soros is the bad guy here. he snitched on his own countrymen to the ss and got them shot for money, and doesn't even regret it he's evil. i suppose you think farage has hedge funds on brexit too! 
idk what this means but my brain is probably purple and green as shit 
this is all i do when im stressed or upset yes 
this is what the line at the guidance office going to look like when everyone see how fucked up there schedule is. 
btw this is prob a highlight from 2015, 2 from 2016, the rest are 2014 
who in the hell is playing nba live 2019 … 
nah, it’s at a new school in indy. there is a episode on emcc and all of them. including a bit of isiah wright’s murder trial 
freedom of speech is our god given right or is it? … 
today we say, “see you later,” to two randle team members. @ juliephillips_0 will be off on maternity leave! we can’t wait to meet baby allison. today is also @ midtownlady’s last day with us after 4 years. we are sad to see her go, but so excited for her next 
... killing of greys. they ask members of the public to trap and then kill them; one of the legal ways of 'humanely dispatching' a grey squirrel is to place it in a bag and batter it to death with a stick. 
new epa chief is already facing calls for an ethics investigation 
county fair season is upon us 
@ alo_oficial ola. rumour says you can go 2 tenths faster if you shaved your beard, is this true? 
boom it up [radio] by ganggoolie ft. qualitee is #nowplaying on @ suncity104_9fm #djpullup 
no it wasn’t and if you think this is “standard protocol”, you’re seriously delusional and/or the system is. there’s standard protocol in assessing people, not leaving them to fall through the cracks. 
yeah doesn’t seem to be that big of a talent indeed some areas in the club are just not managed the way they should gorgelin as a 2nd keeper for a c1 side is criminal i mean west ham have adrìan and fabianski 
here at luxe dream travels work tirelessly to ensure your travel dreams come true. @ uniworldcruises is a cruise experience not to be missed! … 
fuck yeah! that guy is dangerous! he spews lies everyday! if anyone needs to be banned it's him! and i'm all for freedom of speech! press but you can't be lying like he does! alex jones is a dangerous madman! 
i turn sister sixteen tomorrow and all i want is for @ jamescharles to like this tweet 
this is why matpat editor killed himself... 
if anybody is incredible <3 2/2 
showing my abject ignorance but what is rekt? as in, “most of us are worthless and want to get rekt”? wreaked? god, you’d have to get very wreaked, like comatose. 
martial is a selfish prick, been selfish when rashford starts to shine, then zlatan came and he thought he was the main man, but then everyone raised their game and he couldn’t get shine he gotten from the liverpool games. not all about dribbling 
coworker was unauthorized to use the forklift and he tried to load in a no loading zone, this is the result 
hows this faka?! to our chicago indigenous allies here is the owner of the chicago business that has aggressively threatened kanaka maoli families with legal action for the use of the word "aloha" on fb or... … 
yeah man, halo was one of the main fps games i grew up with. it's amazing how well the games hold up. but yeah, some videos do take a long time to make but the payoff is often worth it. 
and i think he is still riding the obama train! … 
is it sad that i actually believed the title for a split second? 
and i called her a ho, cause i mean, look at how she is lmao. if she wasn’t one then she wouldn’t get so mad when someone calls her a ho to begin with. gg tho at least i got an ass. 
same thing with @ barriecassidy to @ tanyaplibersk on @ insidersabc ... just surreal. when they said "insiders" were in an echo chamber, this is what they meant, but i believe it now, having seen it. plibersek's face was priceless, a memorable contained explosion of lols. #auspol 
the new people in orange is the new black season 6 are some the worst actors & actresses i’ve ever seen 
this is so cool!!!! 
nws alert> severe thunderstorm near green sea or 12 miles e of mullins moving e at 15 mph. 60 mph wind gusts, large hail. minor hail damage to vehicles is possible. expect wind damage to trees & power lines.... #ncwx … 
just paid 1k on bills and car note is in 5 days who trying let me borrow a million 
it’s just me and him.... and closest place to order out is 40 miles round trip 
psn is back 
the great news is that they will all be dead in 20 years or so 
this is what children need to see, not captivity for decades but raising orphans for reintegration with their own. … 
to this day... this is still one of my favourite @ truegeordietg moments 
you, sir are a selfish bastard who only gives a damned about yourself and your billions at the expense of our air, water and soil. remember, god said “it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of god.” 
panic is very unbecoming. #impeachtrump 
not the actions of an innocent man. mueller is making note of every obstruction of justice and witness tampering tweet. 
jb5 is coming to life 
@ cnnpolitics @ chriscuomo we will allow 3d guns but abortion is illegal??? national security gone. it isn’t prolific yet but does anyone think it won’t take much longer. our government is disgusting and our president in insane 
nctzen's do you see this? mark really has been watching nct crack videos on youtube. he knows all of our secrets. hide your memes. (this vlive is from 4 days ago btw) 
we’ve been standing in this merch line for ages but u best believe this bitch is getting a lightstick 
it is a brilliant idea, one that has been long needed in any screen reader offering external configuration extentions... i suspect there will be hickups along the way, but we are behind your efforts all the way. 
your inner slumlord just won’t stop oozing out, will it? everything about you is unbecoming to the office you hold. 
i can't even begin to count the things we've lost - the admiration of other countries, our ecological protections, ethics, honesty, voting that is not interfered with, civil rights, a free press, free trade, net neutrality. and that's just to name a few... 
no, charter. i called their customer service and found out a fiberoptic cable is down. eta midnight. i`ll likely do a makeup stream tomorrow. 
#1 reason i will never be called a sell out with my art and music : nobody is fuckin' buying. 
the obanas are not sainted creatures where criticism of them is considered blasphemous. well it's blasphemous to criticize flotus michelle. 
service this weekend was the 5pm is about to start. you can watch it at 
nothing is ever wrong. we learn from every step we take. whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. be proud of you. 
this is a huge potential human health issue. consider this before buying chinese food products. immunity is intimately tied to intestinal micro biota i.e. ability to fight cancer. residual anti-biotics in food can alter... … 
dude lightning bug is a funny word 
me to my 6 year old: is your movie over yet? her: almost me: what’s left? her: the end. to my husband: i walked right into that one! 
is donald trump a victim? 
nye on the hill 2018 is here! first act announced this thursday 
sorry to bother you is the most shookening movie i’ve seen all year! don’t read any log lines, spoilers, or reviews before seeing it. just go in with no expectations of what you’re getting yourself into! 
facebook is wild 
before i start my twitter journey i have to begin with an apology... my username is in fact incorrect. i meant to have put leaves and not grass. now that's cleared up. let's party ;) 
on top of usage side effects, #antidepressants have withdrawal effects on users. this condition is known as #ads. 
trump says he hires the best people, until they turn against him, then he calls them terrible liars. his definition of best is doing what he says and letting him get away with anything. that's also all he means when he calls america the best. #trump #trumptapes #michaelcohen 
your life is perfect, my services are no longer needed #unlikelypsychicpredictions 
love this! where do these people think that just because they were too lazy to get a higher education to earn money to support himself, he feels it is right for the poor to take and occupy your belongings... incredible … 
that is too funny. however, i may fall over if it becomes a reality. 
wikileaks = russia julian assange is a mercenary agent of the kremlin trump should be very scared 
working #inthestudio today day on this. the second version is heading in the right direction #inspirationeverywhere #capecod … 
if the client tells you not to go on tv and talk about your case, you don't go on tv and talk about the case. so either the white house is ok with it or rudy is violating ethics rules and also would be fired for doing something his client told him not to do. 
judas ... cleopatra .. the great rameses is here as well 
i’m sorry but i’m pretty sure this is footage from 1959’s sleeping beauty 
this isn’t sane! he loves this show. it’s not presidential...it’s garbage. and screaming nasty bitch yelling at the press is worse than police showing up at a frat party. glad i don’t know her. where did they find her? 
trump/russia: trump biographer tim o’brien says the president is a liar … 
what is it you do? you look like a pariah to me. 
the terminology used by the president himself answers the question. "animals" and "infestation." the language is that of dehumanizing people so that any violence used against them rationalize it so they don't even think... … 
how about after 2 years of all this b.s. without anything - he is just getting tired and frustrated at this democrat made up fake story 
dude @ giseleofficial is gonna see that jacket and want one! it's pretty awesome 
nothing can be gained if nothing is sacrificed. 
@ hhsgov com jonathan white should have resigned rather than commit atrocities that @ realdonaldtrump ordered. just bc he told trump so doesn't protect him from the inhumane treatment that happened on his watch. white is just as guilty as the germans who abused jews and were hung … 
carson rowing backwards is the one accurate part of this painting. 
why is my aim so much worse with the pro controller? 
i don't think building more homes is the answer. i think we should instead be protecting our green space and creating more council accommodation. 
god this is bringing back memories. hated doing relays in gym class. that was pretty much the only time i was glad for my period because i got an "excused from gym class" note from the nurse lol 
after a long time, finally @ momentumdash is available for @ firefox :d . don't miss it! 
ufc gym in orland park - this is my 2nd home! 
this is what im sayin its when they learn to talk . cancelled 
yeah that's what i'm gathering & why anyone wouldn't want to keep guns out of dangerous ppl's hands w/ safer gun laws is beyond me. for f'k's sake, no one wants to take ur precious guns away...if u aren't crazy/dangerous & didn't do anything wrong. what's the f'n problem w/ that? 
the most interesting trade this deadline was when the jays traded a good closer suspended for steroids to the astros for a closer who is the worst in baseball. 
half agree. racial fatalism can be overcome by raising a full generation of kids into an integrated society, beginning with integrated schools. where i differ is thinking that doing this effectively (ie. not like last time) would trigger a hot civil war. 
dundee has going over budget for town attorney fees in each of the last two years. this year's proposed budget is $131,000. #polk 
shocked due to their 24.1 k followers on the twitter profile. this is unprofessional not keeping up-to-date with a social media platform. (although they are constantly producing content on their instagram page) 
your style is wonderful. so simple and pure in the lineart and the smooth colours very gently in it. love it really much! are your professional or someone with time and fun of doing a collab once in a while. i would totall love to do one with you! 
my wife is chaplain at union county jail nc criminals can't bring kids to jail why should they! 
wthup? is that "what the hell up people" 
i got a whole notification for this tweet and this is what it was? smh 
the countdown is on... only a couple days left to self-apply or nominate an amazing woman for a 2018 leading light award. hurry before you miss the 8/3/18 deadline! … #womeninstem 
me is emotional asfuc … 
i just emailed president trump at white house! i was asking for recommend candidates in the upcoming election for the state of idaho! this is my return email! i hope i can get a more detailed response to my question other than a generic response!? @ 
our time is up! #godsprayerroom thank you so much for joining @ michael1holford and i as we intercede for #antigua/barbuda until next week, may the word of christ richly dwell in you. amen. @ momisnowtweetin 
i should be storing up sleep for the coming school year, but instead i stay up watching #johnoliver and shit. this segment on #transgenderrights is very close to my heart and is amazing! 
honestly, having read the article, i struggle to understand why the behavior by cuomo it describes is even a big deal. and i hate the guy and pay close attention to elections. this one just seems like a nothingburger 
update: it is golden hour, and he is luring the geese out of the shadows with popcorn and planning to shoot 120fps raw of the geese. very excited to have this footage. 
fishboy scholars and historians: is it public record that i got five songs into writing/demoing albatross 2 and scrapped everything to make classic creeps? 
im starting this 30 days fitness challenge today. beginning of the month is always nice to start some shit lol lets go. 
this is exactly what happens when you keep these bastards out at blush all night. 
one hand i remember of yours is that flopped set of kings atrocity that you had 27 people all in in that jerk off across the table rivers the wheel 
... wait living in ohio is bad??? … 
mina is so smooth … 
morally she is v poor 
all this anxiety is making my stomach hurtttt 
my wcw is cheating on me ): … 
this is so cool … 
i’ve been alive for how long, yet today is the first day of my life where i actually learned how to snap my fingers lmao i’m really going up in the world 
this is normal 
my sense of humor is terrible i will genuinely laugh at anything these days 
next month aapl to announce new iphone....the renewal cycle is every 2 or 3 yrs....it will keep the vol going....and they have a few thousand staff working on self driving car software and ev.... 
great britain is an island. the u.k. is a sovereign state. that’s fine that’s fine you’re just the president … 
bro what?? my man kneels and is know getting treated like a criminal. … 
i’m at simpson’s trivia rn and this is another league of fandom that i have never experienced 
so manafort bought an ostrich coat all that proves is his taste sucks he shouldn't go to jail for life because of that. 
the game is expected to resume at 8:10 p.m. et. 
one of the bakeries you can eat at by winning first prize is glazed and confused bakery. swing by and see what tasty treats you can get by entering our raffle: … … 
everything i got on is soaking wet like i jumped in the pool... great work out 
ginger ale is the only soda that’s not soda 
this is what i look like trying to do any of these new dances … 
i love the way it is now! 
he did it!!! america is finally great again! 
only way y’all can win is with illegal forward laterals. i’m trolllllinggggg 
but seriously what the fuck is this supposed to say. 
the summer i learned chinese by lindsay wong is about a chinese american girl who goes to beijing to reconnect with her roots after being dumped by her boyfriend and rejected from every college she applied to. coming from simonpulse in summer 2020 … 
sabrina claudio dropping an album in august too now? lmao everyone who was ducking the month of june is about to make august even better, sheeeeesh 
literally the queen of the entire low income minority college bound ‘22 twitter is playing the victim... im laughing … 
one of our #becauseweveread members is taking edward said along for their next trip. 
that is awesome!!! rtr 
white kids droppin the n-bomb is so beyond uncool! someone drop this kid in east oakland ,south san francisco,st louis or any mayor city and show them this video. racist scum bag! … 
is water wet? is the sky blue? are @ dallascowboys fans … 
yes is beautilful express love to him i'm happy too.. 
3 out of those 4 will fall apart anyway. this early hype is so dumb in this sport. 
#crime pi claire denardo has misgivings when her aunt lena, owner of cannoli's café, takes up with a new customer whose dead body is later found at that same cafe. get it: 
okay, dad, just because you don't work late anymore doesn't mean you need to bitch because mom is. 
the tl is down with those "founding father" cats 
ladies and gentlemen of #resist, meet john abarr, goper turned "dem" as a cover for his white supremacy. abarr is a recruiter for the montana kkk that wants to unite right wing "dems" and gopers, and is disavowed by the montana democratic party. beware! … 
i wonder how suleiman’s hate speech against gays and his calls for gender segregation would play with the @ womensmarch audience? …. well, they were ok with the same from #blackdavidduke. so i guess following linda is more important than any other principles. 
the walls of the boxes do seem to be getting thicker day by day. it is alarming, as everyone gets more and more committed to their own flag. 
while i respect your opinion, i disagree with the basic premise. mind control is only a matter of presenting or omitting relative information in order to craft a narrative by which to control behavior . “he who controls the past, controls the future” 
opinion | we’ve finally learned trump’s grand plan for fixing health care it is: don’t get sick. ever. that, at least, was the message of the administration’s new rule expanding the availability of junk insurance plans, finalized wednesday. … 
day 7 - a romantic movie - moulin rouge! i've watched this movie countless times, i can sing along to any of its songs, and my dream dress is satine's red dress. this movie made me fall in love with baz luhrman's ability to tell a modern fairytale... and there's even bowie in it 
in health there is no disease. you do not find cancer in healthy tissue. —robert morse, n.d 
including ku in that group is a head scratcher 
just wanted to say i followed you for the 3rd time. i have never unfollowed. i saw this as a retweet and then wondered why i havent seen your tweets in a while on my feed. also... this is wonderful. 
actually it is not impeachment that kavanaugh would rule against, which he can’t. it is investigation, subpoena and indictment that kavanaugh would rule against because k says that would distract from a president’s work! hahaha so funny because trump is so busy golfing! 
is the fda finally listening to nutritionists and really seeking to be more accurate with the word "healthy"? 
i’ve discovered just how satisfying it is to tell bad faith replies to fuck off and then just muting them. it’s delicious. 
bgogo exchange is launching platform token bgg and hosting an 1,000,000 bgg bounty for community contributors! … join now! … 
there is no job in the private sector that would pay someone $275,000 to travel the world while doing little to no work at all. it’s so awesome and i’m so fortunate to have landed such a job in government. my smarts and work ethic have paid off. set your goals high! 
saw fallen kingdom tonight. man, i saw the original two weeks ago and i’m still riding that high. this is in no way that film, more like a lost world. this film asks one question and gives two answers. which is right? i don’t know. good though. 7-8.5/10 
i support mr. lebron. he did what we all supported. the right to express & freedom of speech. mr. trump & those who have forgotten. our men & women fought for freedom. it might not be our practice but it is his right. he did good. 
its called projection and is a symptom common among psychopaths, sociopaths and narcissists. 
my one teeny and extremely unlikely sliver of hope is davpro..... please david..... they’re lesbians david............ 
is san francisco one of the tour dates? 
mrs. captain picard ( @ gates_mcfadden). and @ akaworf and @ levarburton and @wilw and @ brentspiner and you’re not too old for data/b4... there is cgi/de-aging technology... ok, you know what? just being them all back! #startrek 
guys west side is on fire lol 
burch smith is 28 now and johan santana was 28 in his final twins season. 
what even is a verified fan... huh 
omfg the place is real!? … 
if you’ve followed the revoice conference, this message from dr. rosaria butterfield is essential listening. #revoice18 
logged outta facebook n deleted the app a break is well needed. 
the lady taking my coffee order said my look is “simple, but classy, and ready to fight” and honestly i feel honored 
so the us is the whole world now? … 
it is and you’re welcome im sorry ppl don’t know how to respect their faves 
is there any way to earn the code or something. or is it random 
i met awsten before i got clear framed glasses. idk that bitch that met him. who is she 
when someone says the official language is english so only english should be spoken. no dumbass there is no official language y para se te quite i will speak spanish more. i will raise my kids speaking spanish and i will speak spanish in every situation i can. how about that. 
you have just simply asserted that experience and cognition are truth-apt, because we detect they are truth apt via our cognition. this is circular. … 
@ treyarch why is the starting game so long 
doubt truly is the worst thing to play out on your mind 
the karstedt family is adding another player to our roster come february 2019. we are so excited to have our bases loaded. @eden, new york … 
we’re not old, we’re distinguished. and court is a gilf 
checked in on the standings, phillies having a game & half is nice but what really caught my eye was orioles being 44 games out of first 
piss poor lawyering is the issue for trump. which is good for america. 
totally agree - we all know the average park guest is less than friendly 
anna’s new outfit looks great but i don’t care about her or lei. i care a lot about one of those 3 unannounced characters being jun though. the chosen one is back on the cards. 
sam's honesty is refreshing. haleigh should listen. this is good advice. #bb20 
like if some guy on he street told me i’m ugly and then i walk into a bank and a bank robber tells me the same thing i’m no more offended the second time other than maybe for it being the second time lol. why is it different? 
y’all probably think having thicc hair is great, right ? wrong. i’ve had to buy 5 combs in the past month due to me breaking them. 
this response makes me happy. sarcasm is my fav and you sir do it well 
trump is actually supporting israel , a miracle after obama 
how am i meant to teach with this news hello all i want to do is ply some god dam tekken 
emergimg gas company $ stx raises $3m from four sophs at a a premium..is john poynton one? huge vote of confidence as jaws1 looks to prove commercial flows very soon and wa lease seems like a decent play... 
your constant criticism of democrats is old and tiring. i can assure you, without the support of the democratic base and independents like me, you will never be president. #imaveteran 
pad the rooms, hide the belts and shoelaces. rent a puppy. 2020 is coming, and not the one you were hoping for. from your posts i just have to ask jack. does your last name begin with an a? #maga #2020trumplandslide #2morescotuspicks #didntyoupromisetomovetocanada 
reg has a free/open license or an open artist and something that sounds nice is impossible lol 
there is never not a good time for a piece of bread from panera 
if #trump is the king of hypocrisy, then pence is the queen..... #hypocrisy #gop … 
why is the tokidoki overwatch stuff so expensive 
the good thing is that for me bug bites dont last longer than a day the bad thing is that i still get fucking bit by a goddamn bug 
@ seanhannity here is a blast from the past for you. … 
new to the #spnbday2018 community ? hello and welcome ! tonight’s debate is : in which ways can the sam and cas girls support the devastated dean girls, mourning the temporary loss of their hero. all suggestions are welcome 
okay so episode 10 and 11 of katsugeki were the highlights.... episode 12 is just... grandiose garbage 
just me or is anyone else thinking this wasn't such a bad monday after all? trump walk of fame star maybe going in da toilet alex jones show going in da toilet manaford's life going down the toilet more "ex-lax" please tomorrow looks 2 bjust as good! … 
the shuttle driver just announced that she is too short and can’t see. don’t know if i’ll make it to klot so goodbye everyone 
key #iphone chip supplier is dealing with the debilitating #wannacry 
having a cold when it’s hot is the worst . 
a former wr for the @blizzardifl , lance taylor has continued to build his skills and is now the wr coach of the @ panthers ! 
free speech is dead and #democrats and the #left killed it 
my favorite thing about going out is when michael calls me princess 
the pitney-bowes is down. ask him if he wants to know what office work is like... 
actually the days have more barkah as against the last ten nights of ramadan. so fasting and zikr during the day is more desirable, however praying tahajjud is a very very very good idea as it is an excellent act of ibadah. jzkl 
economists, for example, are starting to look into whether the rise of so-called superstar firms is contributing to the lackluster wage growth, shrinking middle class and rising income inequality in the united states. ~matt phillips 
thanks for the 4th ive got nothing to do oh god the crushing loneliness is taking ov- 
what is amusing is jones has been doing this crap for years and now it's suddenly wrong this is the left everything silent and banned unless it leans left 
cheating is one thing but you let her meet your mom ? 
you state very confidently that above a zlb you can not have a jg and balanced fiscal spending looking five years ahead. you haven't argued why this is the case or tried to prove it. you've just started it and angrily declared everyone should agree. 
my heart is beating so fast and the episode hasn't even started, gosh #the100 
i thought you were talking about physical confrontation. stop talking bs, casemiro had an ok season. how many rm games have you watched? he was both unstoppable and out of form, meanwhile vidal was on the bench or injured. implying case isn't a top cdm is beyond logic. 
this is history in the making my friend. 
my mind is at peace. you can't make me jump out of my character. 
the gentleman stopped. he tried to go around them. they beat him up. then a punk ass came back to kick him while he was down. #helterskelter is alive. … 
just when i think my heart cannot break any further, i realize it is now splitting at the atomic level #resist and call congress 
@ judgenap is a nevertrumper. 
so i have some time to kill so i think ima tell y’all about how my aunt was almost abducted at walmart last week cause i think everyone should be on high alert. this is for all houstonians but especially those that’s in the mo city area. 
when is bonilla's contract up? 
- neend aye gi to is tarha soyein gy? - - k sab log royein ge mujhko jagany k liye? - f @ jan_e_jiger send 40404 
haha yes!!! the godfather is on lol 
did the tigers pursue justin yes they did, did justin leave panthers of his own choosing that is incorrect . he didn’t lie. i don’t think he should of referenced it yesterday it was always going to get a response 
lol oks retreat the guy is no good pala hahahahaha pukingina 
jonathan is johnny enough right? 
@ anakasparian this is all you … 
it has to be gsp. if not then the ufc is not giving the fans the best fight. do it before gsp isn’t even a possibility. as it is he’s past his prime but just showed everyone he’s still a world class fighter. 
this is pretty revealing... 
this is actually such a good song 
if he's got any sense he'd get as far as possible. and de gea is our best player. 
i love the way it feels, it's got me stuck between my fantasy and what is real. 
cape – 215 hathaway road acushnet, ma 02743 is now new to the market! 
the world is going to blow when they find out that the superman theory was concocted by bruce. 
urb-e is designed and built in pasadena california by hand out of carbon fiber and aircraft aluminum. applauded as an american made heroes company! … 
my face is clearing & so i’m just naturally fea. 
a class with bell to bell teaching and learning is one with respect for all members! 
but cooking is antiquated. no one needs these skills anymore. 
some of my favorite photos of paddington <3 i miss him every day since he ran away in april..i hope he's safewherever he is and i'll keep looking for him. 
this guy's network statement is an extended salute to himself. he's important & did a lot of good so it's okay he broke the law. is that it? talk about entitled. 
you can see that & unfortunately that’s the fact about american law (which only few know about) & they can indict a ham sandwich (its true) just need one liar under rico law & just hearsay. these laws r used against a selective few ) mueller is a puppet 
never time for a town hall meeting but comes to buffalo to claim he is innocent good luck with that 
ok, so you’re presenting this one page as your entirely irrefutable proof that q is a fraud. wow. these are your views, and you’re welcome to them. now, how does this give you the right to dictate and berate the views of others? 
keep typing. no one is taking receipts 
it's about to get hot cause @ nbcworldofdance is starting! hi @ jennadewan @ neyocompound @ jlo @ derekhough! 
they are just not going to accept the fact that @ potus is not guilty of anything. regardless how many times they are told by how many ppl erin burnett @ cnn hear it they refuse to accept … 
why is my life like this @ 
the reservoir alone for this dam is larger than greater london. it is hard to imagine the size of this thing unless you go there. 
" when is this dinner exactly. i know for a fact we all live in total different time zones. " 
i see what pov you have... and i don't say we should lower our guard... but still for me, as a german, the onhding hypersensitivity is sometimes a lil bit...annoying... growing up in germany means get penetrated with our history... we are weary! when will there be faith in us? 
now, i don't normally do this, but i am having coffee on the train in one of those paper cups. this is because i was running a few minutes early and a new coffee shop, which i wanted to try, has opened next to ashfield station. 
illegal non citizens should not be able to vote. people need to be citizens and need to be brought up as americans not as the cou try you came from. you left that country. america is now first 
what kind of bike is that? 
rsr trip radio is playing this gun for hire - this gun for hire radio id (kat&apos;smetallitterboxcanadianrock&amp;metal) [listeners: 1/3... 
this is an awesome idea. @ toppingbulldogs does a bookmobile over the summer, too. good stuff! 
hi frank, can you please identify some dates when you would be available for your placement. woot woo ---only trouble is i forgot where i wanted to be placed 
looks good ant…lol...you can see the camera..but it is a nice trophy 
yes!! i feel like this is a bigger problem than we know! 
i feel like when my life is going good, i need to stop talking about t because usually that’s when it goes to shit. 
because eating live corpses means you're living in a season of the walking dead. also, this is why i just generally airlock vegans upon detection. 
i liked a @ youtube video is the qur'an miraculous? muslim and christian dialogue about the quran on 
i swear @ fredddo_lopez23 is the only friend i consistently fight with 
yay sustainable energy oh and what are we doing about #miriamfire which has like a billion times the co2 emissions of that building and is only 6% contained because our state’s fire departments are still under funded ? 
worst part is it’s taking me all this time to finally google how to customise it some how but in order to do that i have to click on the posts of these fucking animal to get the option to see few of these posts wtf 
exactly. trump and session’s new mandate of sending bait trucks to poor neighbors typically an african american one is completely inhumane. knowing people are poor and that they are willing to take any opportunity for money to provide for their families for survival. stay woke. 
in hearing this news, i can't help think of the wife/mother who was deported a few days ago. she is married to a man who just came back from doing 3 tours of duty in our armed services & she has lived here for 20+ yrs. wow. … 
it is 23:57 utc now 
uk might have the best rb in the sec and mizzou might have the best qb. i dont get where you’re hearing the east is a cake walk this year. 
glad to hear. when you’re at dinner tonight with mr, tim cook of apple, please ask him why he banned @ infowars, alex jones. he is the canary in the coal mine on free speech. 
oh ok uhhhhhh idk man it's your average rhythm game i guess the main thing is there are a lot of characters (tsukiuta and tsukipro) and events rotate between all those groups with little down time so it'll be easier on your life to just focus on your faves lmao 
why does the media have to do this. nancy is the new hillary. next there will be screams to lock her up.they think they have to have conflict to get ratings i guess. maddening. 
“life is shitty a lot of the time. but really great things come from shit. like shrooms. shrooms grow from shit and they give you a magical trip” - @ leanneliggett 
she is already book on meet the press. no surprise. 
wouldn’t that be pretty much everywhere being as god is imaginary? 
how are the tigers looking? lindauer td pass? yes or no. also, i think castle is going to grow from last year’s musical disaster. their tunes will be the talk of the town. if they do some soul searching...they will realize they have us to thank for it. 
are you using your device or is your device using you? -denzel 
any plans this weekend? why not check out the @ hythespeedway!! i'll be down there with the #qcruiser!! here is a link to the info on our #qcalendar! ~ @ 
this is so hard omg how could u choose just one 
come on now, there is no sense of trying, his mind is too cemented on one thought 
if there was ever a time to let your song be heard, it is now. no one else will ever be able to deliver its poignant message, its haunting melody, better than you. -s. hafer bronson 
congress is paid off the media is owned 
that is clearly a ring-necked pheasant. … 
he doesn’t know why, but something about having to see jungkook kiss jimin /right now/ is not sitting well with him, and he almost doesn’t want to look which is why he’s taking a sip of his drink to distract himself when jimin leans in to plant one on the younger. 
got dessert fever? #cheesecake is just what the doctor ordered! 
the sound quality is sooooo bad. … 
newport liquor ( @ growlerbay): backwoods ridge run stout ( @ backwoodsbrewco) is on, replacing depoe bay little whale cream ale with lime and pear 
kim's middle finger is so stumpy wtf … 
@ isaiahcrowell34 is mean! 
you’re the reason i believe love is real 
it is. sadly. 
hey its kuzma here, go follow lonzo ball....the best laker ever — ew this is so cringe ahlie also lonzo ain’t even the best rookie on his team let alone laker ever... … 
how liberal is the republican? 
hermione girl....girl...im sure ron is a perfectly ok lifemate...but krum tho? 
this is crazy!!! … 
applying a relaxer to a child is extremely dangerous. the relaxer manufacturer says do not apply to children. older black women are the worst perpetrators of the idea our girls hair has to be straight. honestly, i'd seek damages. 
it's not fall yet but my goth, werewolf heart is itching 
i hate that people see the caribbean as just black. while the african diaspora is so widespread and predominate, those caribbean countries aren’t just black countries. everyone is there basically. 
worst thing you could do is get on my bad side dead fucking ass 
i want money and i need attention. @ omarosa . my only hope is that you feel the backlash of the 62 million americans that voted for your @ potus that you were supposedly loyal to before, during, and after the campaign! i pray you feel that fire and fury you worthless … 
yooooooo what is davis doing at 3rd right now? 
yeah... the only place to buy them is the arena point store. 
democrats don't have the power to get a light bulb changed in washington. this is the republicans. republicans doing what republicans do, increase deficits. when was the last time a democrat president didn't decrease the deficit or run a surplus? 
i feel like people sort of... both over and under estimate the differences here. i still look like me, just like a female version of me... which is what i looked like when i had long hair and makeup, pre-transition. 
you clearly have no idea what a good job is. 
since you're asking: i'm sure you would be brilliant. my question is do we want/need a gifted actor with incredible emotional depth to play a despicable fiend? do we need the spotlight on that type of character? 
@ brianstelter how will i know which newspaper in my market is part participating? thank you, sir. 
arbitrade's communication to token holders has been noticed and is applauded, considering the social media accounts which troll & disparage arbitrade's efforts. that said, you are under no obligation to hold these c-cex stragglers hands any further. let them take it up with c-cex 
nigeria is finish. i have completely lost hope in this country call nigeria. no … 
lmfao i matched with my best friend on tinder but i’m pretty sure it’s because we both had the same thought process ; “hmmm bet they wont” lmao this is gonna get interesting 
that is a coffee stout which combines two of the greatest things ever - coffee and beer! 
the most high shows his love by manifesting the knowledge of himself through his wisdom which reveals the hell one must go through in order to reveal to you that his way is right. knowledge the wisdom... … 
looking back, is cm punk overrated? 
h3 is just more popular so it's more ideal during testing. i'm so pumped to grind h2 after update, it feels perfect. 
two trash bags of trash, two of donation. my room is feeling more and more empty as i move stuff upstairs to be taken on wednesday n getting rid of stuff 
this is class all the way. tiger sticking around to congratulate brooks koepka on his win at the pga. america take some notes on how to not win with grace and poise. @ tigerwoods @ gctigertracker @ … 
let go. that is the lesson. attachment is the root of all suffering. remain connected but detached from all out comes. just let people be there true self and manifest there own karma. has nothing to do with me. 
why's people in my school is wearing a fake yeezys, that's embracing themselves. it's like $450 and they wearing $50 yeezy. smh 
my dream is to be your dream. :>> 
you ... yes you... the person who is watching this ... thank you c: 
phenomenal golf today! awesome to see tiger play great. koepka is a fantastic young player. 
is that peewee :—( 
trevor made me be a normal human being and go swimming today. lathering up in spf and feeling super insecure in my bathing suite is not my favorite thing to do but we had fun anyway!… … 
lol i definitely gave up heart breaks and disappointments, that’s what arsenal is lol 
listening to @ radio702 and aubrey just said raping is like taking a knife and stabbing somebody, but you're doing it with your body. yoh! 
my summer as a whole flew but i know that means this week is gonna crawl by 
deal takers by @ lauraleebooks is out now! check it out and grab your copy! … 
"hmm. i've always wondered how strong kale from universe 6 is. hopefully she's learned to control that insane power of hers." 
i'm a firm believer in positive affirmations and speaking things into existence. glad you're having a good day. but i keep telling myself i'm gonna be rich one day yet here i am wondering where my million dollars is... 
it is no problem my child, that’s why i am here 
i wonder...is this a real account...nah, but it's hilarious that this fake acct has set up a gf me acct...bahahaha . how freaking stupid do you have to be to donate money to this knob?? 
universal health coverage is achievable and can improve global health! watch how in this explainer by @ glblctzn and @ 
this is the funniest thing i have ever seen … 
this is how the hard-working americans in the bars of w pennsylvania want their leaders to write. you’d understand this, rick, if you weren’t such an elitist globalist. 
whether the relationship between the parents failed or not, if the father or mother isn’t providing financial assistance the option of child support is there. who gets mad because they have to provide for their seed? fuck out of here. 
"what is it all for?" 
i'm guessing this paves the way for cindy mcc. is this o.k. with arizonans? flakey (lol). … 
no questions but the greenery is sweet. 
c. s. lewis loved to debate theology and is probably largely responsible for getting modernists closer to god. 
trump secretary zinke flies out to california to survey fires, proclaim trump is 'right' … 
is this art? 
it's a good thing that trump is a great guy then and never would ask that of us! now what if he told us to take up arms against the treasonous socialist leftists? he would never do that either but if you folks push the envelope guess who will be pushing who over that cliff? 
the cheeto is extra flushed in this. was there a step? 
yea it is 
first week numbers? yall hate is really blinding you. it hasnt even been out a week yet. early predictions are not final sales. 
live your truth, do it today, who is stopping you? 
byakuren hijiri is the best touhou #jpzbot 
i was a part of a team that analyzed fins from hong kong’s market, and we found that protected sharks are still frequently being traded. that’s a big problem, as one of the leading threats to sharks is the trade of their fins, and hong kong is a... … 
this is not only relevant but also, it’s the 43rd anniversary of rocky horror picture show!!! dammit, janet! let me wear my “natural makeup!” #makeup #makeuptutorial #makeupaddict #mua… … 
you is a wild luh nigga son 
wait where is fake love riaa gold certification article??.. 
i’m always the first to apologize in an argument because i realize that this moment is the only moment that we’re promised so i’m not going to spend it holding petty grudges. 
which is also searching for love and find the discipline to practice. 
in about 10 min, i have been on the way for 12 hours. because of the first flight delay, i am still at denver, at least 3-4 extra hours to the final destination. travel between two coast is no easy job, a long day. but excited about tomorrow’s proposal presentation, final step. 
i'm lebanese and i'm a purist. humus is chickpeas, olive oil, tahini, garlic, lemon and salt. nothing more, nothing less! 
love this song wish it didn’t talk about cheating though, his voice is everything 
there is so much smoke in the air here from the ca fires and my head hurts 
then you would know that filomena was allowed to get her computer after meredith's body had been discovered. you will be exposed for the liar you are every time you lie. #amandaknox is innocent. 
is ford responsible when a drunk runs u over? nope... 
this is so fucked up. so evil. my heart hurts for this kid. … 
being a insane contrarian should be okay though. the sandy hook shit is why i’m not all that hurt he got kicked, he whipped up actual crazies and pointed at people like targets. 
koge's kagerou daze is rly good i agree! but kusari no shoujo is v underrated so it's a good rec 
how can trump pick and choose what portions of laws he likes or dislikes? he is breaking his oath, constantly sabotaging laws. this is all on you @ gop 
this is typical but no less tragic. 
you're jealous cause my dig is bae and you ain't. [grins.] 
i pay $780 for the exact same but water is included, definitely a good deal 
then shame on you!! you must be conspiring with trump and russia as your actions show that your arms are wide open welcoming an enemy of our country. you have zippo sense of loyalty to america. john brennan is a hero and he dares dares to ? @ potus which is your duty & @ gop. 
hey @ twitter, banning a guy like @ stringsays_ , who funny, not political, funny about my aggies, tweets about raising his disabled children is not cool. twice now! he’s good people, an academic, and a threat to no one. 
my bestie is the best. 
why is the world so cruel, i just want to know. i'm starting to forget what my mother's voice sounds like. 
this is what i pictured when @ dubdotdubby said he couldn’t do the shoot … 
i don’t think so. i believe he spoke exactly how he thought and as he thinks many of his constituents think. which is telling. i’ve moved amongst people like this and i’ve heard it, decried it and been denounced as all kinds of “@&$&$@“ lover. they’re out there. 
full time nd side part time is just what i needed #stackseason 
you don’t know it was deliberate. guy is hot. you throw him inside to make him uncomfortable at the plate. 
here's a translation for you: @ realdonaldtrump gave you enough rope to hang yourself, and now that they have no more intel to gather from your traitor/leaker network, the hammer is about to fall. trump is coming for you. no deals 
i'm thankful that she made the tapes. i'm glad she wrote a book & is helping show us who trump really is. i'm not thankful to nbc for giving trump a reality show. no reality show star should ever be president. enjoy the tax cuts, though. 
excuse me but someone is dying in da pool … 
well done. great job pb, @ ouimetfund is a tremendous organization. 
i liked a @ youtube video why is it over \\ black ops 4 beta \\ blackout sept 
one is keynes vs hayek and the other hayek vs keynes. any recommendation about which one to read? 
@ cets_ can i join psn is nate7009 and i met you at zwc2 
that is the most sophiscated way i’ve seen a dude be creepy and it doesn’t make it any less creepy 
is that a wink..? you know you don’t use both eyes right..? 
stop #49 is the central patrol home of the @ slmpd they serve and protect the downtown and central section of the city. #cityhallselfie 
how sad is your life that you have to retweet compliments? 
actually it turns out that 'dan from long island' is the victim of some guy who fabricated a story for his vox blog due to the low turn out of the actual altrighters. the whole thing is fabricated by this zack and i'm honestly quite disgusted that someone would do that. 
this effort to limit participation of people of color as well as the poor is outrageous, but it is the last ditch attempt by the gop to remain in power. 
why would the current president, and doj of which the president is chief, call on a man who is hostile to everything he does. back in the real world .... not going to happen. 
"hi, site memorial international architecture ideas competition is open. application deadline is 22th, september 2018. i hope you'll find it useful. …" @ 
bringing the soil to you is a very thoughtful gesture. and so glad you arrived back in england safe and well. 
all you need is #entertainment#liveme kaity in orbit … 
weather conditions from calabash, nc @8:00 pm 82.2°f, humidity is 87 pct, wind 0.7 mph s, rain 0.00 in. high temp 91.3°f #sunsetbeachwx #ncwx 
i think @ pattonoswalt needs to urinate on it. or is that only for jelly fish? 
defenders can’t even touch receivers anymore this is awful 
i am (only) an army as well i understand your point very well your point is technically right the only problem was you rt qt-ed it in the wrong tweet. 
i'm from brooklyn bro and all we care about is bars. plus we think you're a monster in this culture. u and @ geechigotti are straight. i'm not a new fan either. i'm from that era where dudes came to ur block for the smoke! trust me bro real battle rap fans support u in ny 
if this isn’t @ haley_morgan11 idk what is … 
let me know how much it is ♡ 
aretha franklin is gone. loved by many, across ethnic lines. -- would she have been so popular is she'd hated white people, cursed a lot, dressed nasty, & been horribly immoral? 
you really can tell if someone's tweet is meant to fish for compliments. itigil! 
my website is live go check it out. link in my profile. 
one of my most productive seasons recently and summer is usually the busiest time for me 
don't they try this from time to time? i think this is the 3rd attempt i've seen. 
no! what i’m saying simply is, there has to be better vetting of those that want to purchase weapons. 
this is the grossest opening hand i could conceive of for saheeli's directive, but i needed the 8th card afforded by a multiplayer game to make it work. 
made the mistake of replying to that paul mccartney tweet before realizing that account is a bot (probably russian) 
you wouldn’t know what honest is if it bit you on your dumb orange ass 
that’s y i believe so many of the dv allegations, it fits him. he is that guy. not sayin she never did anything to him, i don’t know her but some things r very believable. 
of what? nothing so far and her publicity book tour is almost over. 
i hope natasha stott despoja is having a nice life 
vyara hitched a ride, and was promptly offered squishy fruit to toss at others. this is her new spot in dazar'alor. 
why is everything so fucking funny 
… european billout program is over 
everytime is that girl 
last week's epl swarm set a pretty high bar with a 9-1 record in week 1. that kind of result will be hard to top, but the week 2 forecast is now up on the blog: … #ai 
meanwhile, on dada’s 
okay but one of my coworkers is a whole meal 
ya boy aaron is gettin down 
thomas jefferson said “the man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers.” here’s an obvious reason libs want to destroy history...they must get rid of histories wise men. … 
everytime is the best song on the album and i will fight to the death on that 
there is no darwinism its evolution by natural selection stop twisting things 
i'm not watching feeds rn but scottie better spill all the tea he has about l654 and jc otherwise he is otb. #bb20 
i’m putting my money on #markwahlberg, he’s going to kick some serious ass in #mile22. who do you think is the most badass? vote to receive a reminder for friday's @ mile22movie premiere. 
i'm not taking a position on their decision to forfeit - but to suggest the decision is why they aren't in the playoffs is just stupid. 
well compared to trump anyone is the better man.. either through values, talent, or hard work... most likely all of the above. anyway, #votebeto! bye cruze 
this is not allowed 
this is even worse i have a headache … 
yes it is, its what the legend deserves … 
swr: what is it? for the new #hamradio person, it's usually just a mystery. check this out: … 
vaccine damage is not a mystery. it exists. but the question is how. mtfhr is a possibility. knowing you're a carrier of the mtfhr is like another way of saying, "proceed with caution when taking medications, be mindful of side effects." 
who don’t play , is me . 
here is a link to last week tonight where jon oliver breaks down the scam that is woman’s clinics. 
the bumber is just hyping it up to make it more of a pay day the blokes a fool and will leave the game a rich fool 
ahhhh this is so exciting !! thank you so much for the compendium!! meeting you on here has certainly changed my life for the better 
that movie is scary 
so my room is the only space in this apartment where my phone gets no reception....it’s gonna be a long year 
from time to time he is right. 
matt riddle is comimg to legalize weed everywhere and end brock lesnar, we stan #nxttakeover 
why is the far right dominated by men? | cas mudde … 
pushing myself too hard is just what i do. it's who i am. 
this tweet is gold 
the other thing is that even if there is another vote, both main parties are for brexit, so there’s no difference at all. then if i wait too long, i could regret not moving sooner as i had that knowledge of facts.... it’s a brexit or brexit choice. 
success: temp 73.74 is within limits: 68/76 recorded at: 8/19/2018 7:59:06 pm 
i immediately swipe left on people with “running” in their bio cause that is simply just not going to work out 
90 day fiancé is a wild show bruh lol 
expressway nb is heavy from southampton street to a crash at the government center exit in the #o'neill tunnel 
face with any of us because she's only a keyboard warrior and couldn't put what little money scientology has left them with where her enormous mouth is.. 
yo this is wild that you’re texting yourself. … 
all i can say is that this serious threat to american prestige can only be stopped by massive investment in infrastructure … 
drinking and playing fortnite is quite the experience i can’t tell if i got any better at it or worse 
also i’ve been wondering... how bad is brunson’s injury? she’s been out for awhile now and we desperately need her rebounding in the playoffs. 
power is popular in uk lol 
i need something like a sugar dealer? what is it called if it’s like a sugar daddy but with drugs? 
sure it will it is california! 
also nikki vs ronda im picturing the match and the build up its bad bellas cant act to save their lives ronda is just destroying them and natalya is still deciding which of her knees are injured 
well one bishop, the bishop of madison wi, called it out for what it truly is.. cupich on the other hand is a promoter of the primacy of conscience & has no problems with active homosexuality; so what kind of leadership can you expect from him or his buddies wuerl, tobin mcelroy? 
i actually happened to like catrina, assuming it is the one that is calling on jim's show all the time. 
john brown led an inserection/war against the virginia commonwealth and is the only one in your list charged w/treason, the rosenbergs were charged with conspiracy to commit espionage. lincoln conspirators were charged with conspiring to kill lincoln. not charged with treason. 
raila is a scam 
i enjoyed my trip to missouri back in november. got to check out stl, como & kc. the arch is no longer the gateway to the west, it's the gateway to the sec. 
what is a functional drink? are there nonfunctional drinks? if you freeze a functional drink solid, is it a nonfunctional functional drink? 
oh yeah? riddle me this, if god is so “real” then how come he hasn’t killed me yet????????? 
that's how it works -when the msm is dermocrat controlled 
the sky is crying- stevie ray vaughan [high quality no vid] via @ youtube 
is geoff being attacked by a ferret? 
beto orourke whose real name is robert francis orourke has a mugshot online. did he change his name to sound hispanic? he is irish. he was arrested for a dwi, attempted forcible entry and attempted burglary. his father was a judge so he didn't go to jail. 
not only is it amazing that @ simone_biles has gotten even better with age (uncommon when you’re 20+ in gymnastics) but you can tell she’s just so confident in herself despite abuse and never-ending criticism. i admire her more than words can … 
someone can be a victim and a perpetrator. on does not preclude the other. abuse is an ugly cycle. 
happy birthday to this amazing woman!!! @ emcounts i adore you to pieces! i hope your day is as amazing as you are!! 
are filipinos still worth fighting for? yes, especially these days and those who have enabled duterte. when they finally realize that they are part of the destruction of the country and that ignorance is destructive, they will give way to critical thinking and give up credulity. 
my bot is going to kkb but ur not chill enuf 
pretty fucking good i made some new fucking friends but tbh i think they hate me :/ 
this is true. different people need different solutions. keep it up. #stmfc 
i think @ andrewprobyn is about to start crying on @ abcnews , can't hide his disappointment. wears his heart on his sleeve, bless him. #auspol #libspill 
china is clearly moving to ramp up its newest and most important short- and medium-term export. get ready africa! … 
this is where i cried … 
what's sad is that you think that's true, even as trump is robbing you blind 
shenmue is awesome but feels really "old" the same way that monster hunter on the switch feels old and clunky compared to monster hunter world. 
my 1st @ slootbag t-shirt is on the way! 
it is such a dealbreaker and also i’m like how do you people think this is okay 
your obvious thrill from your misinterpretation of the situation is quite telling. let's wait for the facts. or is it "guilty until proven innocent? disgusting! this was a russian interference inquiry! … 
seems like every bama player who is an nfl rookie this year has been impressive as hell. across the board, drafted or undrafted. 
@ hirezajax @ titanisiah hey i’m on xbox and when i load into a game it isn’t showing my kills, assists, and wins when i load in with a god with the mastery skins?! what’s going on is this a bug? it better not be done on purpose! 
cubs can't get shit going early, then again what else is new? … 
blue plastic is a strong look 
good lord, don't you ever just tell it totally as it is anymore??? has that liar poisoned the entire party? you are insulting everyone but a handful of people that are hanging on to a live preserver as the ship is sinking. … 
giuliani is no longer a lawyer, he just 'plays' one on tv. 
i still see people giving instructions almost everyday on twitter or facebook to smother ticks with oil or use other equally dangerous techniques for removal. this is a desperately important lesson here. please watch. … 
seriously, though. i don't understand why paizo's inclusion of this is so grating to some people. it just states that the game is for everyone, not that your specific group is not allowed to be what it is. 
conceal & carry network -the spotlight is out! … #maga 
the accuracy in this is spot on!! … 
the automatic detective … the main characters name is mack in this one! 
you keep waiting to the roster is perfect he will never start … 
the public comment period of the metro council meeting is underway. two of the first 3 people spoke in support of a community benefits agreement for the mls stadium. supporters say it would ensure affordable housing next to the stadium and living wages for stadium workers. 
bitch the festival i’m working is premiering the new lucas hedges and lily james also i’m awkwardly 15 minutes early to this first meeting 
god is a woman 
so all of the kids he had ice kidnap are being sold through the internet? wonder if stephen miller is brokering the deals? #humantrafficking #trumpconcentrationcamps … 
pete rose is the goat. 
someone should make a video for this btw the pic is from @ 
my beautiful grand daughter makes and sells these. she is so talented, she becomes a teenager in two days, wow where does time go!!! … 
@ trickster_thief thomas would pull something out from the pocket and it lay on the table, it sounded like some gem piece hit on it but that is not gem. it was...a chaos emerald, a legit one and colored white. 
@ alexandrachalup @ andreachalupa theres so much more to this story than just andrii telezhenko isnt there? btwn ukrainian journalists, lies, bombmakers, atlantic council, etc... collusion is real. and both you and your older sister at stopfake have a lot to answer for. … 
“chess is just checkers on steroids” 
so pocahontas thinks that illegals are not criminals; and that is scary! evil is now good to demonrats! 
i understand that it's not major for the news but to some it's serious,or to most, just annoying. everyone has a different opinion and you happen not to care ( that's fine ) but people are getting annoyed on how light she it, this is the one picture i agree with them on 1/2 
if the 3rd assistant is passed, do they keep a volunteer spot or do away with the volunteer role? sorry if you have already answered this. 
sad,sad for @ gop when the go to response for @ housegop members is to automatically slam law enforcement when they are indicted! this truly makes them the party of trump. like some fbi agent coerced them into taking the rabbit on vacation! 
he won't resign until ivanka is indicted and then he'll cut a deal to walk away from the wh. he'll probably throw jr. and jared under buses, though. 
college is a joke. sorry not sorry. 
amagat knew ny is red so he got a red card on his debut 
so the gc is fighting over how to say this so we will lets the public decide 
curly haired austin is a better austin. not better looking, just better. 
feels like my iphone battery is dying rather quickly these days... 
lauren tomorrow is my birthday and i dream so much in waking up with the follow her would be my best birthday present plus i think you hate me then you will not follow me 
jordyn is highkey cute 
i have that feeling of needing to go back too. it's a strong pull. i was excited to hear i have tickets to see lady gaga next year, and there is not doubt in my mind i'll go back for another visit. so, i know what you're talking about. 
oh, this is interesting! 
ship? this is a ship? #jpzbot 
nooo this is dead me. i really be ponderin why i’m breaking out and the foods i eat is the last thing i wanna blame but i know it’s the problem i be like it’s genetics lmaoo 
christianity is stupid absurdity. 
andy is a year older but still!!!!!!!!! (also hbd andrew rannells) 
when is anyone going to act their age tbh … 
i swear ww2 is the worst cod 
solicitor-general summary: it's unlikely dutton would be disqualified, but we don't know all the facts and the situation is unlike anything the high court has considered before, so there is "some risk" it might find otherwise #auspol #libspill 
the pdf that is hyerlinked on the rpp webpage lists the fee as $136.00. where on the website did you find the pdf listing $128? 
★ ★ hq juice = no bots - no spams - no noobs - no ads ★ ★ thank you for your precious juice! you prediction is: "the dogs could be said to resemble credible hamsters." … 
latex is the beauty of the soul. 
this is still my favorite thing in the world. … 
the black hole. bottomless. there is no bottom. 
best talk i’ve heard on this is: bullies, sluts and best selves fixing digital privacy education by @ carolinecastle and @ retrothought in the #defcon26 crypto & privacy village @ cryptovillage 
not an official video, but you know that the song is dope af … 
why is it weird to drink tiddy milk but normal to drink tiddy milk...but from a cow? 
mr. prime minister i do believe in your vision, but we need to shift our focus on action. the home loan interest rates are nearly 9 or 10%, which is outrageous. why don't we reduce them so people can afford a house. thank you! 
is #maximebernier a journalist? "the conflict between journalistic perceptions of loyalty (we couldn’t find it with a map and a flashlight) and politicians’ (cardinal virtue) is often clearest when journalists go into politics." … #cdnpoli #cpc18 #cpc 
i feel like this is a setup. is this a setup? 
end of 1q, cal is up 14-6. 
@ taxify_ng what is wrong with you guys???????!!!!!! jesus christ !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
the purple is erupting in here! #orlvatl #lmspr #mls @orlando city stadium … 
vinnies is one of my favorite bars.. small, chill, and they got events damn near every week 
that is what i am getting from you two. 
get y’all a basketball player! all he ever do is be in the gym 
am's don't get this type of venue sellout, even with an undercard. am's are journeyman, going from club to club, to spar, which neither of them do. this is celeb boxing, not real boxing. 
not to mention, the effort that goes into making the album covers, the cds, etc. even if it's done mostly by machine, there is still some sort of human work that goes into its production, and y'all are making their work even harder just bc you wanted to steal a photo card. 
fes is gonna be pissed 
unpopular opinion: mankuntu maula means ali is the first and only rightful successor. 
this is way to difficult to choose... 
yeah, i don’t think your wall is going to stop drugs and gangbangers coming in through tunnels. tunnels are underground...js on the bright side you sure stop those killer toddlers! … 
because if you are an american with a constitutional issue, you will go ignored. the aclu is a joke. 
tonight's @ sydneyswans vs @ hawthornfc clash is so important, because they are playing for the #richmondcup and get the opportunity to play @ richmond_fc finals week 1 at the mcg. #afl #aflswanshawks 
but i know this is going to be me b 
that is pretty frickin awesome. 
i have 4 bets over 3.00 and collins is one of them. form concerning though. 
cam newton's hair is out of control. 
the 2019 fbi honors internship is now open! every year we get the chance to work with some of the best college students! find out how you can join this exceptional program: 
kaksdn youre joking this is a joke im in love 
this is a mess of a thing and it's a wip and it's... a thing. 
why is alex trebek at wizard world chicago? 
why? i applaud a self made billionaire who created something so valued by society. also people have a choice to find altern work if they are unhappy at amazon...otherwise amazon wouldn't continue to be successful. also bernie is a broken record, literally the same msg over & over 
history is a dying mystery. a new beginning emerges upon the horizon 
as a teacher it is so easy to let my students, classroom, and student work take up all of my free time. this guy keeps me grounded and forces me to #sharpenthesaw and keeps me from falling down that educator rabbit hole. 
which is bad practice, yes. but fansubbing does what to combat this exactly? 
let it be known i love hanging around with my dad. he’s so silly and is such a wacko. we’re identical 
today’s quote of the day, ‘homeopathy is the air guitar of medicine’ 
nka charge nka off pag balik at pag tingin ko nka on n is this normal? 
is getting older just all stress all the time? i’m barely 22 and over it 
christmas is in 4 months 
happy morning a meaningful silence is always better than a meaningless word. 
when you're sharing the gospel with someone, you kind of have to pry into their heart. the holy spirit causes the conviction of course, but it is evident to the sharer. i don't assume anyone i do not know is saved, but jesus did say, "by their fruit you shall know them." 
btw this is gna take forever.. 
this is it but clip not loading i think … 
see this is why jin satans are my fave stans 
it's not just exeter - this report is just "the latest evidence that sexual misconduct by faculty was widespread for decades at prep schools across new england" … 
although ion is a complete dick, i found him and luna to be the most compelling characters by a landslide thanks to their charismatic personalities (with mizuho on other side of the spectrum). 
propaganda is not art. lit teacher...can't think of any women but went to college when cannon was virtually all men...60s. have read widely since. have to research this. 
is it lost on you that theses things were done by atheists in the furtherance of their atheism? … 
all i want right now is happiness 
i have two job interviews tomorrow and i'm battling between "what do i wear, none of my usual interview clothes seem right" anxiety and "not that it matters, they won't hire me anyway" existential dread ....ideally i will have a better attitude tomorrow but this is just venting 
i can’t wait to have someone who wants to kayak, hammock, hike, have bonfires, and stay in on weekends to cuddle and watch movies. being single is great and all but there’s no better feeling than waking up next to someone you love every day. i got my pup for now though 
[breaking news]: clownpiece is worst touhou character #jpzbot 
sorry to hear ian hold her tight, tell her she's been the best dog ever, we owe it to them that the one who loves them unconditionally, as they loved us, is the last face, voice and touch they see, hear and feel...chook 
tenn is such a sweetie #wldspoilers 
yoooo why is it so hard to have a friend that’s a girl like can we just be drama free & chill cause like if it’s gonna be stressful i’m out 
in my case, none. i play a turn based strategy game. but your question is a valid one, and applies to the vast majority of gamers. just thought i’d point out a minority opinion. #amf … 
!!! sunday afternoon declutter session and it dawned on me my bing crosby christmas album is signed by the man himself. the tree is going up soon who is with me 
congratulations to @ kattyjohn826 who helped launch @ nasa manned space program who is a 100 years old today … 
keep talking you little puke. you’re time is coming soon. 
why do you think it is acceptable to exit my room without shutting the door ?! 
falco is rougher than fox imo but i'm not any type or authority on it 
the fact that these family members are using the deaths of their family members to justify the separation of families at the border is disgusting. … 
@ bastardspod @ iwriteok hey, in "the silly bastards behind the modern fascist movement" you say the daily caller is the home of ben shapiro, but its actually the daily wire. thought you should know since he is so fond of nitpicking instead of actually responding. 
@ cabelloseffect @ amirasaid best part of today? your song beautiful by bazzi / camila cabello is about to play on z100 portland! 
looks like blaster is chilling on the back bumper. 
you’re right... they will find a way. but there is a reason when they find a way in canada for example, they aren’t able to get the same type of weapons and the #of casualties is significantly lower as a result 
i agree that pisces are great to date. they love unconditionally and completely. when they are in love, they will do anything. the only issue is they can sort of be pessimistic and over sensitive at times. i think all signs have their positives and negatives though 
rhubarb is now available for adoption! this male terrier is 1yr 1mth old. learn more at … 
if the us wants to constrain china in the trade arena, and regarding ip abuse, this is rank insanity. the us needs a fully functioning dsb. 
is anyone else experiencing problems with the vehicles. i buy i car or become a bus driver and i can't drive the car or the bus. i sell and buy the car again and now i can drive. it's a waste of money. please fix this. 
what's the difffrence between sheer or trudeau? nothing. they are set to destroy canada for special interest groups. so it is not a gamble. we will grow popular support from the current 13% to 40%. join the #berniernation 
blowback will escalate. no 1 will give up their country w/o a fight. as several european generals have warned => "there will be a civil war in europe". considering the daily crimes in western europe, it's just a matter of time. question is who will go 1st? … 
the worst is when chelsea fans now abuse mourinho. he gave them 3 titles! 
making small talk w this girl and i asked “so where on camps is your dorm?” wtf?!?! might as well have asked where she lived who her parents are and if she likes ppl climbing in through her window smh 
mbali is always on the list of such, why though? 
didn’t think i had a type but nahhh, this is definitely it 
it's official: horne, gies, duncan, and porter vote for. brady, kolb, willner against. the tentative agreement passes 4-3. hearing is avoided. 
this is one man who belongs in prison for life. 
this has been “trash doctor” day. if a doctor is comparing not being a trashhole to cancer, what must they be like with patients? ...vote her into senate to make laws! 
a moment of silence for me as i keep reminding myself that dowoon is older than youngjae, bambam and yugyeom from got7. 
fake. guys a comedian. big guy is his partner. they do this all over youtube 
i think you’re ten times more upset than op is. they were probably just trying to protect all identities as a whole and forgot ace/aro and when someone brings it up here’s you getting upset because someone hadn’t a valid point that isn’t about you. 
mueller is now the sexiest man alive. why can’t he be our president? 
i’m sick of the republicans and their followers saying the economy is booming. i’m also disgusted the media reports the same thing, as if it were fact. the economy is booming only for businesses & the wealthy. the rest of us are struggling due to soaring prices & wage stagnation. 
that is me 
i'm seriously bummed about cancelling pax west, but i have to just keep reminding myself that the $1,000 i saved is going to get me to fucking japan. that trip will be life changing. 
if washington is only held to four turnovers again, then damn. i expect we'll see a better start from atlanta next game. defense was uncharacteristically sloppy in the first half. no need to reinvent the wheel, just execute better. 
it’s real lame that alicia fox is still coming out to alexa bliss’ music. 
430k documents have been released. 2 times more then any other scotus nominees. amy is more lefty than american 
my small business is booming. 
there is still spam on voicemail? damn 
...he has been incredible to me and never had to be - he is simply a wonderful man. i am grateful for our friendship, and know that even though amazing things have already happened - there are many more to come! thank you @ jon_anik! 
neighbor walked outside and looked equally as perplexed as to how to act casual about me crouching in the stairwell trying to take a selfie and honestly, how is this situation barely happening to me 
one of my classes starts 10 minutes after the other. in the same room. and have the same professor for two different classes. also my mechanical vibrations class is 8-9:20pm. this will be a fun semester. 
my first day of school is tmr,, h e l p 
this is intolerable. … 
this is a dog who absolutely would not, in all her life, settle down enough to lay on the bed with me. working on hour three of silent bed-companionship. i wonder if she felt she had to alert us of grimm's illness all the time before now. 
yh the currency is a bit bad for us 
@ itsposttmalone tweets the truest of true - his feed is r e l a t a b l e to evrayyyone ugh what a god go check him out 
take all the time you need, i hope your new house is great! 
this is mentally and physically exhausting i'm 
i feel like this is not uncommon 
is that a challenge 
sorry master luke i can't hear you the connection is bad on earth. 
definitely looks important: so much of what we regard as constant in biological and medical research is not so. taking into account both natural and induced heterogeneity of biological systems is one of the most challenging as well as most important aspects of drug development. … 
i wouldn’t take graham over kelce but the unknown with mahomes is a fair point. 
after working a few 80 hour weeks, i actually got out of work before 6 pm and have spent the extra time in a depressive episode, crying. moral of this story is to always work overtime because it suppresses your emotions and keeps you on track to file your taxes at six figures. 
wasn’t max in the lead for the first 14 or 15 rounds? if max won and scheer left, he’d take with him only the cons who voted for him as 1st choice. the right is scared max would not only split the right, & lose to junior, but embarrass the cpc with a kim campbell like finish. 
“perfectionism and procrastination is what drowns grad students, and they usually go hand in hand for people attracted to grad school” 
that's true. i don't have any view on his guilt or not - i've not seen any evidence beyond the leaks - but i'm concerned when it feels like a lot of ppl have made up their minds before evidence is presented. 
i feel like the shorter the email, the more shit is getting done 
this is breaking my heart! so much love for you @ maxjoseph and what you’ve brought to 7 seasons of @ catfishmtv you’re friendship & chemistry with @ nevschulman is just beautiful, creative and funny! i’ll miss you so much! i wish you all the best! x #catfish … 
life is full of surprises! 
this is crazy. trump is now doing what he did to president obama. fake birth certificates. unbelievable … 
please always be happy. that is my wish for you. … 
everything about @ lushcosmetics is so magical. you would think they sponsor me with the way i promote them. every single product is way above standard and i’m seriously obsessed 
andre 3000 is a lyrical genius #outkast 
it is! one of the funniest, most enjoyable stories. but it weirdly rarely gets discussed, aside from the wood beast. 
my apartment is done and she’s a beaut 
honestly idk how people take breaks from here like this is the one place i can escape my real life & school no shade it’s just what i see 
the only racist is you. 
@ bts_twt #idol is my favorite by far!!! 
and im like uhhh i dont know?? and she started accusing me of stealing from her and shit but both my dad and i were like maybe you lost it???! cause my dad knows i would never just take money lol all i have to do is ask 
how is this fair to aboriginal canadians? @ justintrudeau @ andrewscheer @ … 
you lie all the time and don’t care if people in puerto rico continue to suffer. shame on you. blood is on your tiny hands. 
does anyone else get sick as soon as the weather starts changing or is it just me? 
when you realize that billy from scream is fp jones in riverdale 
wow, nevermind, now i know what i'm dealing with. all of these have been debunked, but i know there is no hope for this debate. 
@ mynameischapel is honestly the best. he looks out for everyone and just wants the best for people. i love him a lot and i’m so thankful for him. 
this disease just took my mother-in-laws life. she was buried on monday nearly a year after her diagnosis. the last few months were brutal. the only solace the family has is she is no longer struggling. rip senator mccain and susie. 
wolford is significantly better than hack. that was a dime to leggett 
it is guaranteed this loser uses the words "snowflake" and "safe spaces" as a pejorative against "the libs." … 
this is such an idiotic ad, “yes let my boss get paid more, while my pay stays the same.” such bullshit 
he's had 15 bouts ..bellew has had double that plus much harder opponents i mean it bellew is way more seasoned then this guy usyka is gonna get hurt bellew looks all nice and light but believe me he's a caged animal with a single determination to destroy what's in front of him 
kick-off is fast approaching! if you're not in merryville, tune in to @ country1057 for the play-by-play or stick with us for gameplay updates! 
spinning our wheels... nothing is going to become of this or any of the real collusion. we live with a two tiered system; theirs and ours. 
there is life beyond earth, i don’t know why i was shown and introduced to 3 alien people but they are so far advanced than we are 
the fbi field office in little rock is diligently pursuing this matter. the doj will not comment to cnn about this as far as i read. i have a sneaky suspicion something is brewing. if state ag and doj have the evidence they need the networks will succumb. 
a few minutes before kickoff here in ross ade stadium. a decent size crowd. game can be seen on espn. no official word on #purdue’s starting quarterback but my guess is elijah sindelar. we’ll see shortly 
this specific spoof is based on a real meme about "ecosexuals" or whatever they're called. people who don't stop at hugging trees (but not consensual?!). i have no idea what it's about & how serious it is. but, there are ppl w/furry fetishes & mermaid fetishes, why not trees? 
fuck me this is horrifying. i’ve danced better with trench foot while tripping on lsd in a muddy field. she looks like she’s having a seizure 
my goal is to up my art style to be a fusion of classical and contemporary or something 
today is a good day for salmon bearing rivers and streams in b.c. #stopkm #climatejustice. read about my #salmon story and stay tuned for more place based blogs at @salmonbeyondborders and #travelblog … 
boy is vogue … 
who tf is he 
g-eazy x ty dolla $ ign collab oh fuck yeah halsey's there, i bet lauren is filming... i love these 4, they're like my 2 favorite couples! would love to hear them all on a song! … 
got another pencil for a different softness of lead and i’m bumped. you can tell which is new because the other one is deadass black with dirt on the handle 
progress is good brother, keep up the motivation. 16 days ago i was 212, put down my beer and went full carnivory diet. loving every minute of it! today i weighed in at 191, and feeling great. (havent started exercising yet). i cheat only with my morning coffee. 
same i love iced coffee, i love coffee in general but iced coffee is amazing 
another option would be to bring in pereyra for richarlison, but at the moment i'd rather hold the everton forward than ozil. this is in ofpl, by the way. 
they have soju, no? jinro is like korean shochu 
hollywood is a cesspool of disgraceful individuals. … 
#trump is the epitome of corruption #putin, #trump, a conspiracy decades in the making … 
the latest draft from the city consultant states that 2.4 million is transferred from the water fund to general fund. 
i gave nymag from the left and the hill from the right. what more do you want? your pew study is a year old! not current! it doesn't discuss medicare for all! it asks who people think is responsible for coverage! nothing related! why do you keep at this? are you human? 
by the way, everyone is an "other" of some sort. we're joined together as a species by our colllective otherness. 
what if i said "women are emotional"? that's absolutely sexist, and i could respond to criticism by saying "i didn't mean all women, only some of them." but the damage is done. 
transphobic? meaning fear of trans people? i’m sure as hell not scared of a trans person. the word transphobic is being over used. like everyone has a stereotype and prejudice, transgenders should expect to be group along with everyone and get made fun of once in a while. 
monster jam, triple threat series is coming to the sap center this weekend friday, august 31, 2018 to sunday, august 2, 2018. don't forget to get your tickets. your kids will thank you and you may even end up enjoying the show yourself. 
pretty much almost all but the beat down fan bases thinks their team is getting mack and it's a done deal huh ? lol 
pence gives me the creeps; obsequious, oleaginous and there's no freaking way that he doesn't know anything about all of the russian contacts. manafort picked him ffs! his remarks were hollow, like he is. 
didn’t do this either, but this is from when gangnam style first came out 
bowling = margarita + good vibes from friends . is where i’m at right now save the drama for your mama 
because he is the truth said he is so real and i love the way that he makes me feel and if i am a reflection of him then i must be fly because his light it shines so bright i wouldn’t lie 
the media made kkkrooked trump by encouraging this leper when he made untrue and offensive statements. the freak got free publicity during his campaign. the antidote is not to cover his rallies or report his stupid words. just challenge his daily lies-daily. 
all of europe is screwed. and liberals want to make sure the united states is next 
i’m not on your level, but i find myself feeling like that at times. i counter those thoughts by realizing that every day is an opportunity to learn and improve myself. 
that’d be dumb. no rb is worth a firdt round pick or the money bell is asking for 
me: why can i hear this gif?? also me: stop denying bish... this is your favorite part in touch. … 
anyone that is canonizing mccain is the enemy! the pos was a monster! … 
@ yahoofantasycc hey my chat abruptly stopped working in my league app on iphone. it just says "trying to connect" ive cleared browser data and unistalled/reinstalled the app and still nothing...please help! draft is soon! 
‘self consciousness is the enemy of interestingness’ - malcolm gladwell 
i don't see that a targeting what's the guy supposed to do? player is in midair 
amazingly delicious dinner at flameandsmith tonight. if you’re coming to @ visitthecounty this is the place to dine. @bloomfield ontario … 
big series for the tin caps this weekend. i'll be in west michigan tomorrow. ryan weathers is starting. hoping cantillo nabs another start if the tin caps convert their playoff push. … 
is harbaugh gonna let patterson throw it tonight? 
what site is this? haven’t seen it before 
he does have a 28 year old daughter. more likely he is bi. 
if davis webb is traded that will be very disappointing. are they that egotistical that they won't keep webb because he's not "their guy"... not drafted by current regime. 
i don't want to overstate things, but i think tessa blanchard is the best female wrestler in the u.s. #allin 
catch me jumping out a window this shit is intense … 
that shit is the worst i literally died and came back when my kids did that too me 
clearly someone's never experienced the magic that is @ machadofarm … 
yes the tide is turning!! 
no girl is too fine to get played 
bandy is a terrible loss for the canes 
holy... i didnt even know you’d seen that what is this crossover 
your heart is flooded with leaking dreams and hopes and desires and loves and joys and memories that have been daggered, pierced and crucified — martyred for the religion of self. - @ … 
@ craigsmorgan there’s a sale on @ theathleticnhl subscriptions this weekend. should i be investing for coyotes coverage this season? need to know before the sale is over. 
pizza is best hot so the only option is to burn the shit out of the roof of your mouth 
bro mw2 is still soooooooo fun 
agreed, the incidental music &the transparent ‘now this is a big mystery &we are going to take ages to get to the point’ presentation drives me up the wall. documentary tv never used to be like this-have a look at some of the old stuff on the iplayer 
tommy is being such a dummy. i can’t. 
pretty sure falling in love with a power tool is weird, but this wee @ blackanddecker random orbit sander is everything i hoped it would be. it’s not let me down. i’mcertain we’ll be together for life. 
#trashthemedia thank you @ misskeeleyhawes for saying it how it is! the daily hate should be investigated for its continual incitement 
he’s just....... clawing at the bark of a tree, leaving smeared poison and scratch marks as he kind of watches the current happenings. he is confused to say the least. 
there is a complexity to the current problems facing toronto if there is a higher incidence of rape within certain populations, reactive tropes will not resolve the problem shouting racism is a triggered response to stimuli that one refuses to identify because of pc mind control 
that is a gorgeous picture 
love the dead files show!!!! it is very interesting!!!! … 
if you don’t strap ur food in the car after you get it, is it even good food? 
i been trying a lot harder at cooking and now some of my stuff is even edible :) :) :) 
all money is good money 
watch active measures documentary on twitter or hulu. the full story is there believe me...... … 
that is pretty cool!!! 
#hepatitis b is a leading cause of #livercancer. find out how to prevent it. call 1800 437 222 during business hours. 
i dont know who is the worst actress mimi faust or lyrica 
i’m both, it all depends to who is around and watching … 
yeah, a ton of people agree with you. the idea that this campaign is bringing enough new business to offset the losses here is wrong, i think. curious if everyone will sustain the boycott though. 
our first openly pro-crime president, is mad at attorney general jeff sessions simply because two republican congressmen were recently indicted for corruption. and it's a just a coincidence that they were also the first two congressmen to endorse trump. … 
this is fucking awesome! … 
they are walking the walk! not just throwing $ but working to ensure that money spent is done so effectively. 
@ msnbc saw a tweet from katie hill, president obama's communication director. "reject the rising strain of authoritarian politics and policies" i am confused, shredding our constitution, orchestrating a coup to get hrc elected president is he the rising strain? 
a3 one of my favorite tools to help me stay organized is @ msonenote. i have been using it in @ microsoftteams. it allows me to keep so many materials organized. with teams newest features i can use so many other tools in one environment. #formativechat 
she is very slow, isn't she? 
i do worry about "normalising". having read a fair bit about pre nazi germany recently, what seems preposterous gradually becomes reasonable - but the press was censored. we are not, and this era a big test for journalism, which is why trump's attacks on media so dangerous. 
this is a really old photo of her. she was a shepherding collie-mixed mutt, and i loved her dearly. her name was ami, named after sailor mercury, of whom i was a great fan as a child. she came into my life just before my father died of cancer, and died shortly after i came out 
lesson i’ve learned is that no one wants to see you succeed. no matter how much talk of “let’s work together” no one ever pulls through with their promise and just “talks” everyone should learn to work by themselves and let everyone see your success. 
what is wrong with our country regarding law and order, why are the conservatives always holding the bag, when are we going to indict all those that can be indicted, we all know the list is long and mostly democrats, stop the playing around, do something!!! 
glyn - is there a worse g1 jockey out there - very, very doubtful.... … 
wahhh thank u rin!!! i give u the biggest virgo high five as it is our season 2 be merry 
i think she is curious about technology and trying to figure it out on her own 
i'm a scorpio, texan, cherokee. i don't even know what back down means. i'm gonna be like the old granny on smokey and the bandit sittin on my porch with a rifle on standby mother fuckin everyone that goes by that's how far ive been pushed 
just gonna put this out here. block this creep @pikkunovaios is a troll with 175 followers and not in u s. block him because he's trolling people posting missing children tweets. 
ok i think the hospital is starting to eat sick of my lung failures. can you stop attacking me?! 
i'm not retweeting the "burning @ nike sneakers" thing because it can look like support for it. but i think burning sneakers look hot, colin kaepernick is a hero and i'll be buying nike forever. 
i hear ya. i called my mom today and cursed up my most wretched storm ever about kavanaugh. this farce of a hearing is not only infuriating, but terrifying. we’ve been depending on a non corrupt judicial branch to check the other 2 branches that are thoroughly corrupted 
i wish i could do more for her. she is such a good person she doesn’t deserve to feel sad. 
a year on and this is still a fantastic and relevant tweet … 
i'm happy asf, ys is back … 
so this is something i'd definitely see being tossed in a shop's lineup moreso than i would in a lounge (though that would be interesting) but hey, for those buzz chasers... … 
i can't confirm "gender studies" or "white privilege" for certain, but would i be surprised if they were teaching garbage like that nowadays? hell no. i still am a glass-is-half-full type of guy, but we sure do live in a fuc-ed up society now, where perversion & evil is rampant 
of course, me the nerd, is wondering where is her eye protection? i’m sure she has beautiful eyes, everything else matches. 
student council members! there is an overall meeting in mrs. tucker's room (ctc 203g) immediately after school tomorrow! 
i wish there was a way to set a limit order if a stock is at a certain price level for a specific period of time. these tails and wicks can be devastating for limit orders. any platform offer this? 
thank goodness. transit solutions are desperately needed here, and lrt to the valley is well overdue. now, if only you could send skytrain to the north shore! 
it’s too late, what we have is a congress that is a rubberstamp to corruption and russian collusion. my guess is because their complacent and their actions will get them in jail. … 
@ amy_siskind @ rolandsmartin suggest you do way more than this. both of you have accused a mexican-jewish-american if being something she clearly is not. until you retract all you are doing is helping those that are arguing the other side of the kavanaugh debate. your call. 
the democrats are trying to reverse all of the good progress that america is making 
god bless judge kavanaugh for what he's being put thru ,it's a crying shame what the democrats are doing ..they are so disgusting, schumer is a disgrace getting people in the hearing that yells ,stomps , showing pictures what a disgrace 
i start college tomorrow, technically today cos its pat 12... and guess what i did tonight? you might say, 'you chilled and relaxed and prepared and rested'... but you'd be wrong, i went to a deadly gig and now all i can hear is ringing in my ears. 
i tried to make a tatt apt and since i’m only available on weekends... 10/9 is the closest one 
no what i think is crazy. when ya ex break up with you then gets another girl pregnant & you get back with them. like lmao not in their wildest dreams would i ever, some of y’all crazy 
@ skypesupport with the new record call feature, do all call participants need to be on the same version of skype? for example, i'm going to be on linux where the feature is available, but my friends will be on windows 10 where it's not. can i still record the call? 
this whole vlive is sagittarius culture … 
you sound rather sad george. i hope everything is alright?? but perhaps your joking around with us? i know how you like to kid around. 
yes, mueller’s report will define how you committed treason. i know it’s business as usual for you but working with the russians to get elected is a crime to those of us who believe in the rule of law. #impeach45 
and my punishment is more draconian. she's no longer allows to bring stuffed animals in the car until i've decided she can be trusted. 
@ brithope25 is gonna do great things in life! 
damn, that beard is lit. 
is there anyone the jonas bros havent dated? (me) 
that video going around where everyone is fighting at gin mill just shows how much people actually know how to fight in denver lol 
no. hillary clinton is not lead of "resist" 
somebody is triggered 
do they know this is recorded? 
this is the most annoying photo of all time … 
stage is set for fall of dance, theater, music and public art. check out this semester's stacked arts schedule: #makingithappenatsacstate 
happiness is always the priority in ourselves 
she's very good. she comes from a family of good competitors, and knowing who she is always compared to, i'd have a chip on my shoulder too. there's the good then there's the bad that comes with it 
my heart is literally broken 
how is it even possible there’s an artist who’s “multi-platinum” and playing songs on national tv before the nfl season starts and i’ve never heard of the guy? 
is it ironic that the name of the business is called vulture? seeing as they are scavenging for scraps to eat? 
just watch yuh back, something is coming. … 
this is awesome.... #thecheckdown 
“when a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.” - victor hugo what do my eye tell you? "cuando una mujer te está hablando, escucha lo que dice con los… … 
him punk ass bitch who can probably still wrestle circles around the main roster? is “him punk bitch” even english? … 
look at those sweet ass prints! that cereal one is sooo dope. also: i'll have a new original 3d-cel piece in this show! … 
@ cspan now you can understand senator harris is part of the liberal crap. 
school is the #1 source of my neighbors r so annoying oh my god 
like either say fuck your party and be a left hero by voting against even though he’ll still pass, or say fuck the maine voters i think abortion is murder. i honestly think she’s just a coward of a person, wants to minimize confrontation. 
im home is hozier's ep out yet 
@ micheleoneilau reminding us this morning that #dignity is essential both at work and at home #tasuwc18 #changetherules 
this is not true 
why is it that every time i get tacos anywhere they are so stingy with the limes . like shit i’ll pay 5 more dollars if you give me some fucking limes 
mercury is in virgo from 9/5/18 - 9/21/18. more critical thinking & speaking. a focus on health & appreciation for the human anatomy. teachable moments. and here come the grammar police with their “well actually”’s 
my gt is "triplethreat98" send me an invite or leave your gt down below. i'm playing crackdown on backwards compatibility right now. 
what is this? 
todd packer is my spirit animal 
im really about to move back to ventura and have my same job with better pay and my mom is selling me her beamer. how lucky am i 
yes here she is in the morning 
funnily enough it is about the only plant that doesn’t self sow here! 
i liked a @ youtube video ariana grande is blamed for mac miller death by mac's fans 
lots of luck. he is the leaker 
this is not her fault i don’t really like her that much but still why do you think ariana killed a man it’s sick! 
how strange is it that after typing up tweets about how the parent trap freaks me out, #mybiggestirrationalfear becomes a trending topic? the twins are watching 
how many other wireless network are in the neighbouring area and does changing the wireless channel in modem settings improve this? additionally, are you able to check what the reported connection speed in the modem settings is? - t 
first play of the second quarter is a grovetown fumble. richmond sets up at the grovetown 31. 
the ketchikan airport only has one restaurant. it’s past tsa, so if you are on the opposite side this is the only way to get food. 
that. is. not. scary. at all 
my bed is your bed for you dripping on me 
my parents are so heartless it is actually so insane lol 
i can promise you that any pretense of simply being a fair arbiter of the constitutionality of any policy regardless of politics is simply a pretense. he made up his mind nearly a generation ago & if he's confirmed, he'll have nearly 2 generations to impose it upon the rest of us … 
this is more than just disgusting 
please share foster adoption pledge this precious little pup, odie is very urgent 
well this is canon lmfao 
trump is an evil racist barbarian and monster. 
this is exactly how i feel 
2-18 is quite a lofty goal. 
god is w/ me, i can’t lose. 
no one talks about how emotionally draining a career in a creative field is. some people love your work, while others don't. the negative voices seem to be the loudest and create so much self doubt. you constantly wonder if you're good enough. 
literally not a weeknd feature tho is it g 
it's windy at falk school! the wind speed is a brisk 17 miles per hour. 
the only reason why socialism seems and it is deemed as a failure is that the world population is used to one system capitalism when this system retracts all that is new fails. 
does anyone else remember 2012 instagram where people would post ‘0 second ninja’ and keep track of how fast someone would like their pictures and stuff? or is it just me? 
bonkers statement. god can tell people killing is wrong, which i might add was surely not news when it was put into the 10 commandments lol, but can’t say slavery is wrong and rape is wrong? get out of here. you look ridiculous contorting and jumping through all those hoops 
holy fuck every time i think "this is it, this is peak gayness" it gets gayer … 
think it is 
rob manfred still believes mike trout is boring. james shields disagrees. #angels #whitesox 
how can you make a tres leches cake that is dry?!?!? 
this is called true tabdili 
yo-you're welcome s-si-sister. — smile. — ¿ho-h-how is everyt-t-thing?... 
imagine being a staff on a college football team and your job is to grab a coach by the waist, then pull him towards your crotch to prevent sideline interference. #collegegameday #clemvstamu 
ok so maybe texas a&m is trash after all 
blame the system folks don't blame the umpire for doing his job. i got a ticket the other day for not stopping completely at a stop sign. people do it all the time and u felt the system is unfair but i did not blame the officer for doing his job. 
my sister is finally here!!!!! 
haven't seen the trailer for melissa and glenn's movie but i think olivia is the front liner here.. 
i had to catch up on m&c mornings. m&c mornings ep 84: spider-man launches on ps4 but is it "great", battle... via @ youtube 
no this is patrick 
memories is the best shawn mendes song ever written, fight me (actually don’t i’m fragile) 
my #thesocialcelebrity is #selenagomez @ selenagomez at the #pcas 
we looked awful but there is 15 more games .... relax. 
when ball is wife 
surrey residents urge city to ensure eagles nest is replaced quickly 
the white supremacist backlash against nike is fucking scary. they clearly read kaepernick's role with nike as an escalation, as a deliberate attack on white people specifically, and as dumb as this destruction of their own property seems it's an obvious threat of violence. 
@ jzsavoie there’s a good chunk of switchbacks on the cabot trail that’s gravel right now if the subaru is roadworthy. 
same here, but the internal affairs division is still alive. 
josh's new chick is not at all what i expected. she's cool, don't get me wrong, just surprising. 
what is time? 
#roshhashana is here! may this new year bring us all happiness, peace, health, love for our fellow men & beautiful home planet and all the creatures we share it with. happy & sweet new year to all! shana tova! 
random rainbow at sunset and it didn’t even rain today. i didn’t do anything super gay today either so this is a real mystery. 
that channel is not mine i just wanted to share this graceful work of pixel art 
@ miamidolphins where is the game?!? 
a tie is better than a loss, i guess, but it’s the #browns-iest way ever to end a losing streak. 
the only thing you get from burger king is cold food and diarrhea!!! 
are you sure this is correct? i think this will give slightly darker results than intended, as the low bits aren't extended. pure white (ffff) turns to fff8f8f8 (97% gray), for instance… 
#blackadderbot your brain for example- is so minute, baldrick, that if a hungry cannibal cracked your head open, there wouldnt be... 1/2 
is this a - we've been doing it wrong moment? 
who the heck is jojo siwa and why is she relevant? 
is latinos saying the n word still a thing?? in 2k18????? 
me when i think your inbox is chillen >:) 
3 examples that show how common core is destroying math education in america … 
ofc when i don't go on twitter subaru's twitter is just causing trouble 
ihsan recovering from his super long stretched flu but now izzah is having fever & irfan coughing. oh my... 
100% accurate. that’s exactly what it is. i need to do it more often. 
actually, there is a difference in saying that god's word is infallible. it bears truth, is not diminished. however, based on modern biblical scholarship concerning the text itself, there are variants, omissions, and substitutions. the text is not inerrant. 
the packaging sure is purty.. they didn't save any expense in that. 
how is it i have a potty mouth when i’m just repeating what your worthless “leader” says? the hypocrisy with you trumptards is astonishing 
i’m crying happy tears my aunt is getting me a binder. i’m getting a chest binder. you can’t even believe this excitement. 
wait why is the pic quality so ass this is so sad 
hoops is opening up for the four fists album release show y’alll ! run and get your tix ! mother fuckinn skrrrt 
ok, the fact that aunt may tells peter to just sleep on her office couch and didn’t tell him he could stay at her apartment is the most ridiculous part of this game 
*logs into twitter after a whole weekend* lexus is entering the yacht market, take a look! *writes this tweet, logs off and cries about current income* 
the conceit here hinges on the fact that zodiac is commonly understood to be the first “fully digital” (from shooting to post) film. in other words: the first film that exists solely as data. 
new episode of 3 way drops soon!! this episode is nuts lmao 
zoe is a hetero dyke who doesn’t care about the gays 
hey can you explain to me why you hate lindsay? i get there’s the whole nyberg thing and that sounds pretty shitty, but is there more reasons? (i’m not trying to roast you i’m genuinely curious) 
anything from b-d is my preference … 
is it just me or is that boy in the red hoodie at the end 12yo?? 
omfg is everyone the same … 
i’d like to think support to and from the troops is above politics. they don’t choose the fight, politicians do. 
weather conditions from calabash, nc @8:00 pm 79.9°f, humidity is 90 pct, wind 0.0 mph ene, rain 0.00 in. high temp 92.3°f #sunsetbeachwx #ncwx 
just turned on the game, where is chris sale? i see eovaldi pitching. this is a confusing process. 
the word “valid” is tossed around so much that it has ceased to have any meaning for me tbh. like when you misspell a word and try too many times and just give up bc it no longer even looks like an alphabet you recognize 
one day a baby is gonna pop out of colleen 
i’d start with tos. it’s the one that’s truest to roddenberry’s vision, which was about modeling a society without war, poverty and racism. also, although it can feel dated and corny, the storytelling is remarkably economical and seems weightless compared to the others. 
when you can't see the point someone is trying to make and insult them 
watching sierra burgess is a loser and idgi... am i supposed to feel bad for sierra after she was a flat out catfish and kissed jamie without his consent like girl that’s weird 
this is the biggest gottem in the history of gottems 
oh mu god is that the exam you were talking to us about? 
the word for today is tremendous. congrats donny, you not only know a 3 syllable word, you can stretch it to 4 with tremendously! most 3rd graders have a wider vocabulary. 
positive affirmation is great but amen is more than enough of threat when receiving communion. i can’t imagine saying anything else. 
#18weeks ready to find out if baby twigg is a boy or a girl!! … 
when someone says goldstar is better than skyline chili … 
this is a good thread … 
dont limit yourself to what is “realistic” 
please love a fat boy with moobs and belly — this is so strange lol … 
that is definitely part of the puzzle from my perspective? because let's be honest there is a lot of shitty fanfic and shitty m/m out there! but the way i got through that problem to build my core reading list was through hand-to-hand recs. + 
this is what i’m working for , and i’m going to get it … 
this girl that’s paler than me stood in front of the class on the first day during an icebreaker said her interesting fact is that she’s “racially ambiguous.” irish and german don’t count sis 
the back is ugly. 
"it is not by accident that the pristine wilderness of our planet dissapears as the understanding of our own wild nature fades" 
and guess who hurt herself because she is too happy … 
robert you are a socialist who wants the government to run our lives. that is not the $ texas way. 
yes thank you! another rec is mary roach's books (stiff, specifically but bonk is so damn good tho off topic) 
idiotrexus calls joshua his pincushion brother lol why so mean? jk lol. his story is sad...but, also inspiring. he is one of your best characters! i relate to how he feels and it touches my heart. amazing work! 
favorite quote.... resilience “points to teenagers’ lack of resilience—the ability to face and overcome challenges. the issue is that ‘we’re not allowing our kids to make mistakes and learn from them...’” it’s hard to do .... but so necessary … 
kerry has no business going to an enemy state to negotiate anything. or is barry still calling the shots? why hasn’t he been arrested? 
yeah it is but like still sucks that she’s straight lol 
me too how is he good at everything, i fell in love when i first saw him in shoot me and now i love all their songs hbu 
the nicest thing about the alto is that it doesn't run faster at night. 
just trynna know if this is true … 
man so i'm listening to self record by justin vernon for the first time and fuck yeah this is great 
twomad, the guy who gave him the "honorary nigga pass", is black. 
right now the best thing is to pound the president to keep the numbers low and tell him to reform the program. in the long run, read my blog so that you are armed for local opposition. type your state in my search window to learn more. … 
there is plenty of research on this. i've read hundreds of articles. 
i’m flying into taipei, which is missing a supertyphoon by a few hundred miles, this weekend, and i’m psyched for the weather. this is accurate, is what i’m saying. 
one of the best feelings is remembering the lyrics to a song you haven’t listened to in ages 
#florida is suffering today after fatal shooting. #potus, stop the bloodshed. 
wu tang is for the childrens … 
rump is the “babe ruth” of bs!!!! 
the #pm360trailblazer medical device company of the year gold award winner is @ orthoclinicaldx and silver winner is @ depuysynthes these meddevice innovators know how to give back to their communities, employees, and patients. congrats! 
we all know that many puerto ricans moved to florida this past year. these are voters. they get to vote in the u.s. in puerto rico, they cannot vote for any candidates to a federal position of any kind. that is why desantis and scott are catering to them. sad. 
i need to make some friends in pokémon go for a quest! my trainer code is 4534 6940 7374! any takers? 
my question is who are all these people who believe his absurdity and like his tweets!?!? 
new episode mo fuckers episode 2 of #nomercy w/ @ tommyg is now up!!! special guest @ mlbmodel stops by to discuss #sportsbetting strategy, tons of oral talk, and his shitbag twitter account subscribe / download / … 
chad is actually testing a new social media based dating medium that can be used on ozark’s campus before it goes live on game day. seems to be working so far. 
this is me in my autocad class … 
your not the only one who feels like that everyone thinks cayde can handle this and that...truth is i can't i have so many mixed emotions but my feelings are strong...i just don't know how to say them 
i got sehun is your true love! - quiz: what's your relationship with exo? … 
this is the cutest thing ever 
thank you. this is a pr scam nothing more. 
but there is another chance.. when fusion predicted the super bull market in the dark days, the only one to predict it, fusion also predicted an even higher market level..3kr2k.. 
watch out @ dundeefc yt, @ burns1872 is ready 
it makes it even worse that his spidery sense is tingling as this is being done 
what we got is ok but i wanna build wit you and make sum you won’t forget 
get into it! queen looks like she is under water with these mermaid waves … 
my baby fever has been on full force today and this really is not helping at all 
is there a march in wales. 
my next phone is a galaxy. the s9 is significantly cheaper than the xs. 
we’re 30 minutes from kickoff here at the little rose bowl for west branch vs tipton. the bearcast is now on the air for the pregame! tune in here: 
is anyone at the con yet 
some people are disgusting to threaten a kid. the world today is worse than way out of hand. i pray for your safety and i hope you reported this to the authorities. 
my mother is the purest person i know. it amazes me how much she can go through and still be so thoughtful. i love that woman! 
you are everything!!!! there is no competition … 
it would be really nice to get an updated response to this in particular: … "summon a ______ to help you" on a piece of azurite gear is a wonderfully vague and infuriating description for something that may be a good dps upgrade (or may not?) 
why is there no option for nipples? … 
honestly this is just great prose 
it is 23:55 utc now 
i just had to sit down and look through my photos one more time before tomorrow. i poured a makers mark and turned on van halen "1984" on vinyl. oh, brandon and tanner, van halen is a rock band from the 80's and vinyl means i'm listening to the record. ;) j/k 
cosigned stills is the miami wr to own 
this guy typed an essay to reply. lmao he is worried. 
if jesus is coming back, why is he taking so long? i see christian's as kids from divorced families sitting on porches every weekend waiting for a dad to come pick them up that never comes. as a christian i felt abandoned by christ. an absentee father that continually lets down. 
tua is really good. alabama is really good. dassit. … 
jeon jeongguk is so talented he can draw a perfect circle and i cant even draw a horse 
ms royce is eating good 
@ msnbc @ maddow journalism 101, day 1, hour 1. when your talking about criminals, thieves, crooks, liars, grifters, racists & murderers(which is the entire @ gop republican party & most of the @ dnc too)& you don't call them that..that makes you an accomplice to "all"their crimes!!! 
ugh i want to go to sleep but i just know for a fact that grayson is going to tweet soon and i really fucking miss that guy 
that is @ bloodyouthuk who were touring with @ stonesour 
the person handling def jams twitter is doing amazingly 
i’m so obsessing over louis being an x factor judge like that’s the show he started from and also !!!! he’s so good at it the feedback he provides is so helpful he’s definitely a great judge 
scully is so pretty i’m so 
all that is to say, the more life i experience, the more convinced that the work i'm doing is exactly where i need to be. also, my dad needs a hug. 
well, if that’s the way he was going to play it... angela crawled into bed, purposely not picking up the sushi. “well can you pass me my dinner, kota-chan~.” she dramatically threw an arm over her head in distress, giving him a sneaky smirk. doctor kota it is! she was going to- 
paul? ... is that.... paul!? 
what is up everyone? please remember to keep all the people affected by the forest fires, hurricanes, and natural disasters in your thoughts. 
blazing stance hdsakdas goddamnit this is fucking janne angard 
the only #knicks fans spouting that jimmy butler nonsense are mets and jets fans also. i know loser shit when i see it. no thank you l, jimmy butler on the knicks is some old yoenis cespedes ass move if there ever was one. 
extraterrestrial is what we call "them," alien is how "they" behave! … 
this is me but im also crying the f*ck out over yugyeom … 
everything is fine :d … 
alan sugar is a racist. pass it on. i’d normally say just ignore old racist dinosaurs like him but if the jewish chronicle want to advertise a racist then we should point out the racist sugar’s racism at every opportunity #alansugarisracist #sugarisracist 
"marge, we are not buying a timeshare week and that is final." 
payet, is just too much!! … 
wrch continues to overmedicate patients like me & commit massive fraud against ma taxpayers!! please help before it is too late!! 
i cannot stop crying. holy hell what is wrong with me 
yeah way to ruin the fucking hype. this is why you werent invited to dennys after we finished with andreas lol. 
thanks babe, but the only queen i acknowledge is onika tanya maraj … 
caution this live is addicting !!! stop scrolling please do share to your wall, even if you can't stay!! #freestuff #paparazzi paparazzi jewelry share & invite!!! $5 rings,necklaces … … … 
but you see his point of course: plenty of hypocrisy on both sides. stop pressing forward as if this is one sided hypocrisy. 
how dare you call out the poor wrestling by the women!! this is the women’s revolution 
#ooc #iconicprowrestling rp deadline for #chaos expires in 7 hours. that is 1159pm pacific standard time tonight sunday 16th september. 
music in 8d tunes is everything 
those two definitely could i agree and even last year tom threw for 500 and lost. one strip sack away from possibly driving down and doing what he does best which is win super bowls. it goes both ways though - tom is also a helmet catch away from winning another ring as well 
happiness is not a goal, it is a by-product. 
about a year ago we, an editorial team, created a fashion shoot at school, and i was assisting and snapping some bts. fashion is not my thing, but i feel good to stay with talented people.… … 
where is your empathy now? 
reminder: tomorrow (9/18/18) is an early release day for elementary and upper schools. 
is she thick tho? 
7? idk depends on what the replacement is. 
what does under oath mean for kavanaugh??? he has committed perjury 5 times already!!! how is anyone in america suppose to believe him! and besides look at how he feels about your alaska!!! don’t let the women of america down!!! 
ranting/venting in the car is one of the best things ever i’m happy i have such amazing friends 
lawrence is wilding #insececurehbo 
my friend from china just told me that "titanic is waiting for you" 
is god a woman? (hell yeah she is) … 
what would really shock me is if the professor turned out to be the only victim. time will tell. but this feels like the tip of an iceberg to me. remember the 65 letters of support they got in advance. did they know about *this* victim? how? 
oh i loved bruny island. a tasmanian holiday is a good thing. 
“jin is a bit of a crybaby”- min yoongi 
thank the lord jesus christ this nightmare is almost over. impeach them all jail all the criminals and traitors. god bless america and please impeach trump and pence impeach them all dear lord amen. 
travel is my happy pil 
i mean doing the whole thing once wont hurt it. ive done it many colors with breaks in between and its been 10 years and my hair is still good people are surprised that its healthy 
correct. also, it is interesting how, given his white male privilege, so many republicans are saying he was a "boy" and "boys will be boys, but it doesn't mean the man is bad." switch him out with a black man, any black man, & they would have their pitchforks sharpened & out. 
this. is. awesome!!!!!! #girlscouts @ … 
guys have bad games. it’s the game. it humbles everyone. stafford has been very rusty and inconsistent this year 2 games in. he is missing the long down field passes that flip the game 
so amazing!!! thank you jason and please thank your coaches, teachers, and admins for their support of the t-shirt sales. troy schools and community showed that #togetherwefight is more than a hashtag or a t-shirt slogan. … 
hentai dialogue used to be funny as shit girls be mad aggressive with the punk ass nigga then when they start saying shit like “is this a dick ?” “it stinks eww” but continue to suck lmaoooooo 
@ mikeshannon270 is ready to hook you up with a pair of tickets to "a glamorous night" at lehman college october 13th with tony!toni!tone!, deniece williams and sheila e!!! listen to win at 8:30!!! 
so now we’ve had a young lady murdered while golfing to go along with the young lady that was murdered jogging! we’ve taken christ out of everything! man has no moral guidance when the bible is removed! liberal progressive society is to blame! men follow jesus! he is the way! rip 
@moms who’s kids sleep on cots at daycare. does anyone use sheets? or one of those little nap mats to make it more comfy? k is used to a mattress at home and a crib at daycare so i feel like he’s going to hate this new cot thing. 
hey hey shgurr hello my name is kevin poitra i just got to say for you i feel in love you 
2019 is starting off strong. kingdom hearts 3. resident evil 2. graduation. 
it may well look better once finished, once the whole house is done & the paint dries 
>muteki shogun finished giant chimatsuri no buredoran >chimatsuri no buredoran is a gedoushu >gedoushu are youkai >muteki shogun belongs to the youkai-fighting kakuranger connections! connections! 
i'll be gettin up to mischief behind the decks at my favorite spot in vancouver this saturday. @ dmvancouver showcase is hitting the @ redroomvancity crowd with another one. free tickets are… … 
30 million people died in the holocaust. if you don't think this president would murder brown-skinned people in this country without a second thought you're among the dumbest people on the planet. the man is a psychopath and is devoid of empathy. this is how nazi germany began. … 
he is i and i am him 
1am n i've purchased some hair crimpers, today is going well already 
well said. don’t engage the children. ignore them and move on with the people’s business. this whole charade is a gigantic waste of taxpayer money. but since when does anyone in washington care about the best interests of the taxpayers? the deplorables that pay their salaries. 
yung gravy is currently my favorite artist @ yunggravy 
definitely not the wrong career! a propose of nothing in particular, alberta is a great place to live with a flourishing health economics community. #justsaying 
the blobser is done 
yeh why is that @ secretservice ? im sure u guys know this & have seen this in news but mad max is really beyond that “line” now! protect our potus and watch this evil hags every move...please!! 
it’s sad how we learn to question when your life is going well cause you’re used to it getting messed up somehow 
mbappe is bang average...would shit bricks in pl...glad for him he is in a league which is absolute joke 
out of curiosity, did n.korea agree to discontinuing its nuclear arms or that they would not build anymore missiles? just curious because depending on how the agreement is stated depends on what they can get away with and not have the united states declaring war. 
my professional thoughts are no, it’s not an employers responsibility to ensure the employee is following the rules. as both an aviator and airman the air force will (rightfully) discipline me for violation of standards. any assistance for substance abuse help is out of ... 
the only time i block people is if they have done anything to me or if they are annoying me 
#ohgovdebate jeopardy: this candidate won the first ohio governor debate tonight. who is @ richcordray? 
i think we'd benefit from having a latinx candidate there. i don't think we'd even have to even worry about the seat if we had a latinx candidate. it isn't just about candidate policy it is also about fitting the district. 
@ hellokitty11277 who is the fuck do you think you are the kid wanted a hug from the president it’s a twitter crazy if that’s all you got to do all day you need a new life 
had my ears cleansed by an ear clinic in grey lynn. the feeling is fantastic! 
@ senatorcollins, victims of sexual assault can suffer from ptsd. putting dr. ford thru the questioning of ill-prepared committee members who are prone to grandstanding & attacks isn't necessary. the least you can do is have a set of fact to work with bf you question her. 
riddle me this : why do lawyers charge $500/hr ? i’ll never understand. it’s criminal and is discriminatory towards low income earners. rant over. !!! 
this is how i feel knowing jon jones is back! 
"my best friend is taeyeon, of course." "we are most like a married couple" "tiffany is my happiness" 
@ govjerrybrown is literally a nutcase! unreal the democrats don't care ppl r moving out of ca by the 100s! illegals running around killing r children..it would take a week 2 list everything wrong with that state ran by liberals! 
oh that's far the place is in acornhoek 
the hearing should be over and time to vote but democrats political stunt is a waste of time. dragging a liberal college professor from california who cannot remember where she was almost raped 35 years ago is a little fishy. 
@ rainbow6game what have you done to this game playing on the xbox one and yet again disconnected when i'm winning as usual but this time can't even reconnect to the server how can you be 2 years into a game and the multiplayer is still broken??? 
and here is one reason why (besides budget cycles obvs) layoffs come in batches. those who wanted to do it for a while now have cover when other companies go first. … 
i'm having a great evening viz! hope you and everyone is having a great night! were watching the #agt finals here in a moment! #unsignedchat 
he sure is awesome! right on @ … 
i just can’t do it, man. cooking is an art and it takes that away! i’ve almost bought one ten times, it feels wrong! 
dr. christina blasey ford is not an accuser. she’s a survivor. 
@ fix_our_schools hi fix our schools team! your work is amazing where do you get your data on how behind each school is on repairs? 
if anyone is still confused, here’s our handy blondemoney guide … 
the ost is so beautifully haunting on #adiya luuurrrvvveee ittt … 
// ah the feeling of worthlessness is back... i hate asking this but i really feel like this character isn’t worth shit... some feedback/criticisms would be great help but i don’t wanna bother anyone 
cdvs is at glen eagle tonight for the caledon opp classic golf tournament, honoured to be the recipients of the proceeds from the tournament...love our police partners! 
ana is the sweetest and sawyer ugh isn’t he just perfect?! - how was your day? mine was wet and windy here in the uk there’s a big storm so we’ve had heavy rain all day with high… … 
holy shit this is the footage of his doppelgänger being born 
well when it is their kids of course they will do all they can. anyone else? no way. 
but said witness is refusing to actually testify under oath and he only denies remembering it. not that it never happened. apparently he doesn’t remember a lot of his school years there. 
2 divided by love can only be 1, cuz 1 is the loneliest number #mathsingalong 
nike x acronym: air presto mid [cool grey] is in stock. id: 4981 
you know what this guy, the media and its “anchors”, senate democrats and democrats as a whole, have in common? they’re all working on conjecture because dr. ford is providing no corroborating evidence. at least he is open about playing amateur sleuth. 
the amount of support that small #youtubers get is very bad rich will be rich and poor will be poor for ever! i guess! no matter what thumbnails you make, how good your tags get ranked, you just never get viewers! on the channel no matter the work you put on your videos 
part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. #maga 
jisung is the only one taken out of the three 
why in the fuck is it so hard to leave a god damn voice mail.. like i know there is some privacy security in place but cant they even " hi kayla this is so and so from_________ can you give me a call back" 
i can love allelujah all i want but my big fat crush for hallelujah is undeniable please kill m 
what's the meaning of life? — for me, life is a beatiful journey in the world, meet with a million people around us, sharing kn... … 
why is jeff sessions allowing all these corrupt government officials to go on unchallenged and unchecked! how can he stand idle to this lawlessness and political terrorism! our entire nation is in a constitutional crisis. this is unimaginable! 
helping isn’t political. i get it today’s environment is hyper partisan, but i’d like to think i help my community in some regard. not because of my political affiliation but because help is needed. 
stop moving the timeline!! enough is enough!! quit it!! dems are playing the republican party!! #confirmjudgekavanaughnow 
little big foot is ramming that ass nebula nubian style under natural...lmfao lol 
she didn't report when she was sexually assaulted and no not reporting is not good but there are reasons why victims stay mute. that's why lili posts about it 
repeatedly asking "what's wrong?" after i've repeatedly told you that i'm fine is hands down the fastest way to piss me off. shut the fuck up and get out my face with that bullshit 
here is a much more pleasant metra image for me to remember tonight. ⁦ @ 
? we have given the palastinians billions over last 40 years and today they still teach thier kids #israel does not exist . your lies are just that lies nothing more. i am enjoying watching democrats squirm while everything the built up is torn down by @ potus #buildthewall 
yes u could go to medical school and then perform heart surgery. that's what it's for! that is very fine logic you realise that right? that's like saying 'lemme get an accounting degree & come out counting numbers'...well yeah! what do you think u need to perform heart surgery? 
you can admit something is true and still be bitter about the outcome lol … 
no matter what jesus is the answer 
i think you're confused? i think beto has a good argument here, and this tweet is supposed to be a criticism. 
yet still best players go to best teams and there are plenty to go around. many ways to regulate it by position bidding or even a draft but bit of a stretch to call it college athletics when the college part is often nit part of equation. however treat them as students with all 
we probably do; for many of us the addiction is most acute on saturdays during college football season. 
thoughts and prayers kavanaugh is not confirmed by the midterms, should make for a quicker trip in and out for the dems, independents, 1st time voters, disenfranchised repubs, and just about every voter who has seen enough of the trump and gangs bs. … 
not at all what military training is like 
i salute @ knotts for this year's hanging. it is so satisfying seeing that person being hanged and the internet salutes you. 
us groomsmen are standing in the parking lot. the wedding hasn't started because it was supposed to start at 6. one of the groomsmen forgot his shirt for his suit, so we are waiting on the groom's dad bring him a shirt. what is happening right now? 
foolish is he who look at others, believing he knows their lives. he who can stay centered and true to thyself will never be fooled, for he truly understands the power of perception.… … 
because every word is true … 
as i mature i start to realize how important it is to be mindful of the way you do onto others. something minuscule to you can impact another human being in such a huge way & while we’re not always responsible for the outcome we can choose to be better people. mylifehisimage 
im at my aunts bday but surprise this is for guanlin and im celebrating guanlin day 
no one is gonna think anything of it dw would still recommend you start wearing stuff underneath your shirts tho 
カンテは熱心なpracticing muslimだそうな。a practicing muslim is one who at least observes the basic tenets of the religion such as five prayers per day, one month of fasting per year, 
always stand up for what you believe in. this is so bad ass. … 
im at a car show what is this 14-14 shit?????? 
this is america 
"schadenfreude" is german for 'karma's a bitch' -- piece by painful piece. … 
i’m at 5 below and i see ac amiibo for $5. the sad part is i can buy them for even less at gamestop. 
there it is. no offense means cubs pitchers have to throw no hitters. here's to crown regal. may it dull the pain. 
everytime you post something i'm like 'this is as bad as it gets' but no it never is, foof how do you do it? 
these cats are clowns mane. the lil nigga is doing the same thang but fuck em, it comes back around at the end 
the question is, *are* they actually people? 
forcing someone down on a bed with his hand over her mouth is not "copping a feel." 
that's funny cause that is why my daughter joined twitter. 
cash explosion is over, now what in the hell are @ wehelpprotect and i suppose to watch? 
pokecord is screwing us all 
this album is sadly underrated 2 this day. 
the word of god is to be a lamp to your path and a light to your feet. it is your privilege to walk in the light and to grow up to the full stature of men and women in christ jesus. this is the sanctification through the truth. 
the cold part is, i'm not sure if he's as effective here because defenses would just exploit or sorry linebackers and secondary. we're like that dyke that's always got a hole in it...no matter how you plug it, there's a leak somewhere else. 
every time this is posted i get angry all over again. well done is not an option. that animal did not give its life for it to become a charred, over cooked, flavorless slab of meat. (of course i joke, order it how you like but if i’m at your table expect a look of judgement) 
nice day this man is money in the bank 
this is cool … 
what happens legally when everybody has unclean hands? the case is tossed out. 
i do not believe senator hatch tried to control any woman's body in this investigation. the case is not about that anyway. 
is it too early in the year to turn my heat on?? it’s chilly and @ evan_farrier isn’t keeping me warm 
good morning imong mama is out, imong beef loaf is in 
is this a shampoo commercial? asking for a friend. 
@ billmaher you ask how america got to where it is today. while republicans shoulder much of the blame, i can't understand your failure to implicate hillary's husband, bill, for passing the gramm-leach-bliley act, which repealed glass-steagall and paved the way for deregulation. 
new video is up on my @ youtube 
this is @ floridastate !! it gets in your blood!! warchant baby!! … 
jo why is this getting likes 
@ omarkelly any thoughts on the play of @ ryantannehill1? he seems to be doing just fine without landry. love how @ kstills is ballin’ out. also loving the addition of @ ithinkisee12. offense is clicking early. big game in new england next week. #finsup #ballinout 
@ chambleebrandel what is going on here? how does dj overtake rose? 
30+ hrs of q&a testimony, followed hrs upon hrs of 1-on-1 mtgs w/senators, not to mentions thousands of pages of judicial writings has more than proven he’s worthy for the elevation to scotus...have you not been paying attention? this is a dem orchestrated dog & pony show. 
what! this kavannaugh confirmation is just disgusting the more it drags on 
and his gf is pressing charges, so an investigation will be forthcoming. dems are not preventing that investigation, or attempting to rush him into a state atty gen position, much less a lifetime position on scotus. so thanks for making my point for me.... 
ifla is concerned that the ossification of higher education institutions, knowledge management, you can sign up here 
ford is saving another lie for thursday 
i’ve been thinking about this picture all day, it’s a still from a video which is probably unreal 
i hope hayley williams is having a good day today 
fact is, serena was not penalized for being coached. she got that for free. she was penalized for smashing her racket (dangerous) an slandering the umpire (outrageous). just please tell the truth. 
new "living donor stories" episode going live tomorrow afternoon at 2pm on the forever is tomorrow foundation inc. page... #donatelife #kidneydisease #dialysissucks 
i liked a @ youtube video how dirty is your body under a microscope /w azzyland 
it was really good.. i’m just scared to see what the next episode is about. 
xbox stuff is way better tho 
yes except when the world is laughing .. 
up north ohio, columbus, cincinnati, anywhere michigan, it’s called bags i learned on a trip but that being said anywhere around here it is corn hole 
connecticut is under water but if classes are canceled tm then who cares 
this is clearly a unique problem. never heard of this happening before. they might not even be aware. 
worry not what deluded fools tell you of sin. the allfather cares little about sin. go forth. be bold. fight often. odin will be pleased. he is the god of warriors not footstools. let slaves kneel and scrape to the god of slaves. 
holy hell jb is wearing an all black suit fuccccckfkk that’s hot 
whoa! where in allen is that bridge? 
she really is love. i’m glad he likes hanging out with her” 
brittany renner is bad 
i hate to break it to you this way bro. unbeknownst to you, you’ve been cheated and repressed. find out who is responsible and choke them out; one by one. have had truffle risotto with coal fired braised wild boar in italy a few years back. wow. 
i liked a @ youtube video china is now more expensive than the usa 
going to bed in absolute fits of laughter with lew is honestly just the best feeling ever, nothing but happiness 
my life currently is going down hill soo fast, but the days gonna come when we make it. 
and you and the republicans have decided she is a liar without even hearing testimony.mwhat a shame that a woman refuses to believe that a man would assault another woman 
this boy really is a sweetheart i don’t deserve it 
do you get the feeling that this is a last ditch attempt to smear him, like they’ve not done enough in the last two weeks? god help us all if these evil & hateful people ever gain power. 
@ realdonaldtrump @ thomas1774paine @ inthematrixxx @ jackposobiec @ mitchellvii ohhh look you should see what is coming out about the “accusers” this one was even sued for defamation of character. she is busted. … 
the #sgvcog planning tac will meet tomorrow, sept. 27, at 12 noon. the cog's recommended list of at & flm projects to receive measure m msp subregional funding for the 1st msp 5-year plan will be on the agenda for discussion and direction. this tac meeting is open to the public. 
this is fucking brilliant. … 
this is a dream. look at the carbon cost of that product. packaging, transport, waste and then nutrition levels. ok so your affluent. around 90% of the world doesn't live like you. this is not the future. it's some preta end game while we consume the planet to death. 
hot cheetos puffcorn is just mexican pirate’s booty, don’t @me 
slowly changing though. people are slowly realizing that rape isn’t about “no means no”, consent is about “only yes means yes.” 
@ elreynetwork #luchaunderground is on now 
there is two more victims allegedly. they sent in anonymous letters. one to corey gardner & the other to sheldon whitehouse. 
this is the twitter equivalent of dividing by zero tbh. … 
thanks for joining us! hope the school year is starting well for you. 
that's true, and i don't actually agree that it goes against that particular policy as far as i understand it, but the main implication here is that the guy was fired for being a white nationalist, which is very unlikely to be even remotely the case. 
the calm before the storm - early morning shot of #facilitiesintegrate before the mad rush of companies eager to see where fss is heading into the future @asb showgrounds … 
this is likely an encoding issue, from the command line run the game with "./easyrpg-player --encoding 932" or modify rpg_rt.ini and add: [easyrpg] encoding=932 to the end of the file. --gk 
love this guy says it like it is. … 
tell you what, this situation is allowing us to see the great human character of you the players. now it’s especially important to apply it again in the new situation and continue in a professional capacity. best of luck ! 
just read dr ford's opening statement transcript. she made efforts to report the incident 3 days before #kavanaugh was officially named the nominee. how can anyone believe anything other than this woman is being 100% truthful. @ lindseygrahamsc 
when you're stacked like my team, yes. it is. 
a significant challenge many real estate investors face when starting is their own lack of confidence when it comes time to talk to a motivated seller. but when the phone... … 
also this is jimin 
my friends never answer my facetime.. only one that pick up is ke and das sad 
greys is on tonight finally!!! 
a game is a game see y’all at 3 … 
i understand showing sadness about his family’s situation. i understand being vehement about professing his innocence. yelling, throwing a temper tantrum, interrupting the senators, saying this is all part of a clinton conspiracy... that shows a person who is unfit for the sc. 
this is not rock bottom, this is comfort, it’s nap time, it’s relaxing … 
@ ronmacleanhth why is omha not allowing unionville house league players to play in the north york select league that they have played in for more than a decade? #letthejetsgo 
omg this is, like, so cute opposites attract i heard 
america will be blessed to have him serve on the scotus. he is a lion for liberty and justice. … 
hey america, daily reminder that the left will do anything to get power, no matter whose life they ruin in the process. the thread here is disgusting and disturbing. your son-husband-brother-daughter-wife-sister or you could be next. … 
please vote #nokavanaughconfirmation if you vote yes, the legitimacy of the us constitution will destroyed. he is emotionally unstable. he’s not qualified intellectually. he openly committed perjury. he’s an accused rapist. 
kavanaugh mentioned left wing conspiracy and dark money but every 30 minutes i see a commercial playing on tv supporting him. and these commercials have been running for weeks. who is paying for that? 
scarface is not a gangster movie. 
@ msnbc george will can always be expected to defend the aristocracy. go back to fox, it is your home. 
#winnipeg the factory girls @ thewecc are in town. a day rest up before @ strollpro show #100. this show is sold out! the #corrie girls & host @ barnardfilm promise us ‘a proper night out’ mic drop 
now i am really convinced he’s guilty. blaming the clintons. really? yelling. acting like he is entitled to the seat. interrupting, not answering questions, yelling rolling eyes to senators. 
and it’s good to note that the republicans did not speak not nearly as much is ford’s hearing which lets me know they thy have made up their minds while the dems are genuinely trying to get answers. #kavanaughhearings 
that's interesting -- i didn't know about the lubricant factor. what i forgot to mention earlier is that my mechanic also told me that when there's less fuel in the tank that there can be more condensation, which we don't want. (automechanics are not my strong suit though.) 
ps5 is happening next year. no doubt in my mind. 
anything is better than corn 
what is a conversation ? like we really not speaking anymore 
he's a garret guy. he will have a top spot as long as garrett is there. 
make that 21-0! shs over lbhs! #nolenation is making homecoming a great one! @ shsstudentsss @ nolesfootball_ @ shsnolescheer keep the spirit up!!! 
. @ votemarsha this tn house rep is running for sen bob corker’s senate seat. she rarely posts accomplishments, but mentions schumer all the time. not once have i seen this man in our community or read about him in our local news. it’s time 4 her divisiveness to go. … 
gov uk spent 9 mil of taxpayers money to keep its eu gravy trains for its chosen few & lost then spends 2 years trying to poison its majorities verdict so we get a lousy deal maybe they are right the uk establishment is no longer fit to rule anything even ourselves … 
so now the beach is full of dirts???? ,,, say something good,, 
brett kavanaugh? all i know is beef stroganoff 
respectfully, if the fbi exonerates kavanaugh, manchin is placed in a very difficult position, either adhere to party leadership or acknowledge kavanaugh’s innocence and join with the people who will decide if he has a job for the next 6 years. wouldn’t want that spot. 
that admin is totally me 
how is that punishment for #byu losing? … 
this #kavanaugh business is giving me bad dreams and flash backs. no matter how much time has past i will never forget. anyone who calls me a victim can stop, i'm a survivor. 
why is it that when there's nothing to discuss they automatically start forgetting about you what the fuck am i just a piece of trash ?? 
warm is underway for the home opener! check out tonight’s rosters! 
millions believed hitler wouldn't move beyond czechoslovakia... over a million people bought a pet rock in 1975... bernie madoff conned a who's who of successful business people... followers are not a sign of worthiness or value... wictor is a nincompoop... and a numbskull... 
i love those days where my only decision is; window or aisle?.. #sanfransicobound #traveldays #livelife #noexcuses … 
but we told him he is right because we were trolling him again 
hoping for the best but flake has pulled similar moves before. odds are this is a stall and flake is making side deals or building a war chest. would really like to see members of the rnc show some sense of morality and dignity. kavanaugh showed he is not judicial material 
@ treybiddy it’s going to be 2020 before this thing is really right. man that’s a long time form that motorcycle accident. 
how is this legal? 
please tweet this same message every hour until #kavanaugh is voted on and confirmed. 
tammy davis ( owner) and eduardo (manager) do a great job educating and helping members achieve their goals. the facility is clean and has some of the newest best strength and cardio equipment in the omaha area. 
o m g your life is insane! 
this shit is for life. i ain hitting you back, i’m done with you hoes. n w o - @ bas 
my hair is at the awkward length where it’s still too short to do certain things with it, but too long to do other things with it. fuck man 
haven’t gone out and danced in too long, a bitch is ready!!! 
if fbi investigating harassment is so important for kavanaugh. fbi should investigate the congress slush fund 
yes my son was a happy person.. we had a good life together considering all the odds against us.. and all the invasions into our privacy.. griffin is was joy... gave me blessings always.. … 
that's a wrap! the @ srmanorlands #starlighthike is complete. one tired but very proud fundraiser is off to bed #events 
is there anybody who has an extra griffey pop i’ll happily pay you $20 for it. i’m not able to attend the game tonight and would love to have one to display next to my hendrix & cobain pops. 
i dunno mine is rainbow tho so i can kinda get where they might get the voltron thing. but like. i wouldn’t say vtron is more iconic than tf unless you’re like a 16 year old who likes the new show 
most of the students are in and the dance is hopping. @ nchs_ct #spirit 
"white people are mean to their parents" is such a weird sentiment considering the alternative for a lot of us is nodding amiably when they have a bit too much to drink and decide to expand upon the perfectly reasonable concerns at the heart of their issue with "the muslims" 
bro your middle name is nicole? how did i not know this 
does president trump realize "in god we trust" is americas quote god sets high, looks low beholding the good & evil 
three words: “limited in scope”. this is precisely what trump’s saturday knee-capping of the fbi investigation means. if the senators do not speak up - this will be the results. limited and insufficient to corroborate dr ford’s brave testimony. … 
hi listen up and listen well. if you have even an inkling of desire to say anything to my friend @ cloudyrm we're going to have an issue. the beautiful thing about being an individual is the freedom to think your own thoughts, what a fucking concept. save your fucking breath. 
guess who's really really soft today yes sir it is i huehuehuehue 
i wonder if bts is in chicago yet... 
181001 is a good day 
and this white middle aged man is angry to! i stand beside you and proclaim enough is enough! blue wave 2018! 
you're more than welcome and yes through almighty god anything is possible. ask. believe and receive. god bless you. 
fantasy is never on my fucking side mannnn 
if yelich hits a 2-run homer tomorrow he becomes the first triple crown winner in the nl since 1937. how much fun is tomorrow going to be? 
that's the one, yes. a certain r marx is on there lol. (it's a rocking list though, loving it) 
my mom is too 
> reproduce like mad no, don't. there are enough mouths to feed, and we're already facing extinction level pressure on critical resources. until we get a stable off planet resource base going, 'reproduce like mad' is a recipe for malthusian disaster in a generation or two. 
emotional and verbal abuse is still abuse 
i don’t mind if you at least pay for it in a store that already released it but seriously conducting a plan that is illegal is one thing but not bothering to pay for the album that twenty one pilots spent so hard making is just disgusting. 
no. never. ever. well this is what we are headed for. … 
@ fbi brian is right gals+guys … 
finally someone gets that all women are liars! this is why we should’ve never let them start reading. 
so i’m supposed to hangout with this guy and he bought me a case of coors light....is this what love is like??? 
she really is though … 
this building is full of cyberspace stalking, con artists, looking to make a quick buck, and pumping for information, and trying to claim opp. 
she is spot on. yet, @ kellyannepolls and other women on fox and other outlets continue to blame women for being at the wrong place at the wrong time, dressing provocatively, etc. women can be just as judgmental as men. we need to support our sisters. 
probably beth or kate, but i will be shocked if it is annie... 
georgetown professor: ‘castrate’ white men’s corpses and ‘feed them to swine’ … "professor" christine fair obviously lacks both intellect, and maturity - in short she is devoid of wisdom & character @ gehrig38 @ fn92 @ campusreform @ tpusa @ georgetown #maga 
it's not a "card." it's the damn truth. he is a man, who is white. thats why he's being given the benefit of the doubt in the face of obvious lies. 
angel and my damn daughter be having me dead real going back and forth with each other how is it working 
it 100% is. :) 
what is on the docket they are not just doing this because of trump...there has to be something the lefties are pushing threw...granted yeah they hate him...but something smells funny...and it isn't my bulldog... 
this is a test tweet 
this is not a competition 
at least 94k people give a fuck, myself among them. i would suggest that is significantly more than care about his opinion. 
this is my favorite sc filter 
the night is very still. 
so is emily back with the team for good? i don’t remember if they stated that yet or not, i hope she is she’s always been my favorite character on the show … 
from that which is within it, a spider can build a home which can withstand some rain and wind. it can also help to catch and keep food . the god which placed abundance in the spider also placed abundance in you 
@ jeffflake is this enough for you yet?????? … 
i just made it now is watch movies and talk with jo 
she is #keifinitreal 
this is definitely a friendship destroyer #boardkings 
this is incredible & i'm so damn proud of you/inspired by you!!! 
my ceo is so petty. that's why i came back to tmobile. the realest of real. verizon did me dirty anyway in 08. no love. 
got so excited that i finally got wireless beats but now i'm scared that someone will just pinch them off my head cos everyone is literally taller than me sooooo now i'm going to have to use the wire :/// 
she only tagged tommy,,,, a hit is coming 
every member of the spellman family is born with a twin 
@ heatherhastie this is my senator!!!! 
"painite" is back in stock at "jura / eggleton platform" … 
because i doubt she truly is one. she makes videos on the internet, and not very good ones at that. 
tomorrow is the day 
nice, i can sleep before, cest is great for that :p it's at 1 pm pour us 
it doesn’t matter if someone is innocent. you getting his good name back mr. booker? 
this thread is sending me xkxjsjsj … 
all his stuff is like that man. he was one of the best. he got killed cause his brother robbed a drug dealer. 
dom k is soooo underrated. 
i use to have a lot of repect for joe. i lost it all when i seen how he is controlled by nancy pelosi. during trump un address joke stood up to applaud and nancy looked at him and he immediately sat down! lost all respect then. 
that would also explain the chinese spy he wasn't undercover , china is paying her... 
readline_callback_read_char() : reads a character and informs the readline callback interface when a line is received … 
feels like everything is coming together 
real hip hop heads in england know who they are. big l is a legend & i'm a fan of diamond d. 
more of this, please! better #dataviz benefits #scicomm and #openscience. most of the article is applicable to small environmental data sets, too. … 
snl's job is to be funny. trumps job is to represent america with dignity, not be divisive. this is an embarasment. 
idc if #fema does deploy full on #martiallaw, you start going after citizens with guns and yall fema white people is getting shot 
remember when you said you love bill clinton. i am sure he loves you too, and would love to have you under his desk to make you try his cigar. anyone is shocked? #metoo #kavanaughhearings #brettkavanaugh 
thanks maddie!..that picture is freaking me tf out 
“very scary time for young men in america” -donald trump this is a slap in the face to women all over america, so disappointing. 
mindset is everything 
why the kavanaugh vote is even more important than you thought … 
i can't cosign this tweet with a like or a rt. it is disrespectful to lgbtq people. this is in no way a defense of that idiot, graham. please, reconsider your words. 
mayo clinic expert on world-record athletes says a sub-2-hour marathon is possible … 
why is it that some african judges wear blond wigs? @ martin 
real pain is season 7 episodes 21 & 23 of the office 
i have a rly good ethan avi when spooky month is over 
so same sex bathrooms and sanctuary city was ok but a rubber doll is a red line in the sand lol 
i think she looks fine. it's great to see a woman who loves herself, and who she is. haters hate it because they don't look as good as her. she's rocking it. big it beautiful. full figured women are beautiful! 
damn... a new monster fucker is born. 
looking for a job is so hard :( 
the simulation is no longer glitching its completely broken … 
#repost @ sarabareilles ・・・ my blood boils over this. i cannot understand how this behavior is tolerated by decent people. this is the man sitting at the highest seat of our government… … 
#blackadderbot oh, yes, sir! provided they ask for sausages. otherwise they tend to get a tiny bit disappointed. saussies is all i got 
pshtttt... lolol, wtf is wrong with you? yeah, because all liberal hero's want to be assaulted over and over and over again and be laughed at too. kavanaugh is a liar with a vile past, alcoholic and unfit to serve on the sc. foul temperament. 
mr cruz, i read a tweet today. you stated your opponent was for abolishing ice, you are for abolishing irs. tweet is gone, please retweet 
this is not "peaceful protest" or "lawful assembly"! when they get violent they have to be arrested and they should not be allowed in the capitol building until all threats, violence have ceased! @ capitolpolice @ usnationalguard @ natpoliceassoc @ secretservice 
my leg is no longer my own 
there he is 
i’m confused what is this 
#expectations101218 is just the beginning of everything. you have the whole world to conquer with your work and you deserve so much, your songs are you entirely. i feel connected to you when i hear you sing, it's like we're together! thank you for making me feel this way! 137 
this is the most controversial thing i've heard in 2018 … 
this is what using your platform looks like. thank you, @ … 
i liked this word of the day. can you guess what is it? /via @ 
all i want is to be a badass mom 
marchand is elite 
it is difficult to think theoretically that we observe mass|matter as they exist instantaneously in the form of stars/galaxies-of-stars gravitationally relational to one another, yet all the energy|light of those mass|matter events are out of sync in time & distance. 
thanks for coming to the stream my computer is now dead thx everyone at ohayocon!! 
he isn’t “litigating” anything. he is arguing, disputing, or tweeting. he is not in a court of law. 
i was going to recommend this, or a massage! the pedi is great especially in the final weeks, and the bonus is at least your toes look cute while half the staff of the iwk is between your legs 
this is incredible! … 
exciting news is on the horizon for our team! key members of our team have been busy scouting austin the last 2 days and we can’t wait to share what’s in store next for @ garmanygolf! @… … 
your decision is wrong!!what would you have done in the face of wrongful accusations in papers and media. i would like to see how you would have handled that stress 
cnn is anti-american, anti progress and the leader of mockingbird media. 
the wildcats get on the board halftime with a sliding touchdown reception. extra point kick is good and its 24-7 edwardsburg. 
vote out @ senschumer since @ sen_joemanchin is a out of line! @ thedemocrats @ dnc @ nancypelosi guess you can forget about your blue wave. if you can't do your job why do we even bother? @ amyschumer @ senkamalaharris #timesup vote them all out since dem can't win #bluepuddleoftears 
what bothered me was. why is totty the only aro, is it because of his personality? i don't trust like that 
my ultimate desire is for god to continue blessing my company/technical workshop god bless #priest_west_africa_ltd #beardedmoney #baby_is_a_prayer_warrior #iamhumble @christ… … 
this is repulsive and soooo intriguing … 
chosen to accomplish with the positions given to them, to lead their people in love, servitude and fellowship. make their spirit understand that there is only one spirit in all of us originating from one creator, one spirit that guides us. we all must leave this body temple. 
hot music stew is on the air! … 
courage & logic that is the kind of woman i relate to. 
you along with all the democrats should resign. if you feel that judge kavanaugh is not qualified to serve on the supreme court then no one is qualified. maybe you should look into impeaching ruth bader ginsberg!!!! the disgraceful attacks on judge kavanaugh is more than … 
hope he is comfortable and cooperating with the nurses! 
capcom beat em up bundle is very incomplete without alien vs predator 
what is something that everyone looks stupid doing? — sit on a unicycle. … 
all that you think you know is wrong. 
oh i get it, murkowski is feinstein's new driver... it's all so clear now. #alaska #recallmurkowski 
very very disappointed in you, and fairness. your speech made us so angry that we had to mute it shame on you lisa murkieski shame shame shame. somehow i feel you’re doing this for attention and this is wrong 
uhh so i drew the wrong prompt and i don't feel like doing another one, so here is day 6 - detective witch 
is there anyone who can support me in problems about #npm #laravel or #vuejs? i am desperately looking for some solutions 
me: can’t wait to watch this livestream me: turns it on and girl is screaming bloody murder me: ok that’s enough!!! 
ya think these guys are waiting on you to feed them. you're wrong, they're a drawing. they're waiting on this incubated company to give them the product they will be making!!! which is real!!! the most viewed on ideagist global. … 
@ darrellh8 is the best in the country! idc 
the us republican party is run by very old people who have lost touch with reality. they have shown themselves to be corrupt, running a corrupt system. dems will take over in november and who will be to blame. put younger reps in there. 
no senator blumenthal should fight back! november 6th the blue wave is coming!!! 
god is always at your side. kaya mo yan, master!! 
the big thing you can do is vote for people who will represent the values you want represented. vote. even overseas, i’m voting. if you want sexual assault survivors to feel your support, then vote for representatives who will as well. that’s the first step to change. 
the real question is how you got all the ones!? 
fighting for what he is supreme court judge and you’re not done deal 
jimin is an angel. please play idol by @ bts_twt ft. nicki minaj! #mostrequestedlive @ mostrequestlive #btsxcitifield 
this needs to be declared era of the women. i am so proud of the women across the us. your sisters world wide solute you, believe you, support you and stand with you in solidarity. it is you who will take your country back. stay strong and stay united! … 
how is jr in the game 
madame difi's demon horn is about to pop out. but .....she got her little minion to submit after all. 
and the sun is the biggest of everything thing in space. why it can’t light up some of that shit too then? 
i don’t think y’all realize how bad this really is. . … 
hope u win smt my birthday is less than two weeks away xxx 
[the constitution] is not a charter *for* government power, but a charter of the citizens' protection *against* the government. 
why in the hell is there a bammer in starkville 
the polls were fairly accurate. when polling, people are questioned, not electoral votes. take a look at the final tally of actual votes by the people and the percentage is not very far off from the last polls before the election. 
morbid fascination is difficult to stop 
sunburnt lips is actually the worst thing you could wish on a person 
petnome is giving away crowns, pets and mounts! come join the fun: … 
@ jmcrenny is randy gregory playing tonight? 
you don't see to corrobate against accusations, the accusations themselves need to be proven by more than hearsay. "innocent until proven guilty" is the cornerstone of our legal system (and the scotus) and of democracy. 
no, putin is successful - in once again sowing doubt & discord. @ michaelavenatti could disappear & they’d find another target to attack. and like a cat chasing a laser pointer, weak dems are following putin’s light & attacking our own. 
venom is a first-rate genre film highly entertaining with a terrific star performance by tom hardy, and magnificent visual effects. do yourself a favor and don’t listen to critics or naysayers just go and enjoy a sensational film! 
you may be right. i’m not sure how one defines something as “proper” though. if people in those neighborhoods are citizens of israel, i would think that it is considered israel proper. 
dm her now. this is the right hour to shoot. 
this is so soft my heart 
that is very nice dress. 
i’m nicki and this is us on rabbit 
officially out on tannehill. i couldn't care less about the other injuries, but his decision making is just not at the level of consistency needed for the nfl. 
wake up senator, your def of credible corroboration for dr. f & lack of exoneration by her friends for justice kavanaugh is exactly the kind of biased testimony that allowed a 100 years of incarceration and lynching of blacks in usa. you & your colleagues know it. pathetic. 
the best makeup is your smile. there is no beauty like the one that comes from inside of you. 
i can’t wait till your hero is seen as the greatest threat to democracy the country ever survived. 
he is he is truely beautiful 
it is time for women to stop talking about white men in power, and start replacing them. run for office! support other women who are running for office. our brethren have had their shoes on our necks for a long time. let's change the scenario. #voteblueforwomen 
my sister finished the chicago marathon today. she is truly an inspiration. her goal is 26.2...mine is to never run more than 8...gotta have goals @ sunnryz 
i just found a shoebox with shoes i don’t remember buying. this is how you know i have a problem. 
this is slander … 
this is such an entertaining thread … 
cersei: love is a poison. a sweet one, yes, but it will kill you all the same. 
yul, u no get am here o. so bcos bianca is the wife of ikemba she shld not subject herself to the same process as everyone else? even the great ikemba subjected himself to electoral processes. in igboland we don't donate seats. we believe in due process. she lost an election. 
is it any good? i haven’t decided if i should watch it or not yet! haha! 
i can't get over how good this 80¢ instant pho ga is. 
this is excellent information 
my tv stopped being a bitch and started working one minute before raw the universe is testing me 
weather conditions from calabash, nc @8:00 pm 77.2°f, humidity is 80 pct, wind 1.5 mph s, rain 0.00 in. high temp 87.3°f #sunsetbeachwx #ncwx 
sunday, october 7, i went into my dad's room and the light was turned on in the closet. i never turn on this light so it was bizarre to see this. this is actually the 3rd time since his… … 
around the southwest overnight tuesday 09 october 2018 (the mean min temp for the southwest was 10.7°c). bunbury: the min temp overnight was 12.1°c at 05:32 wst. past 72 hours observations the average min temp for october is 9.5°c. 
all i know is i'm preparing a common app from now.....because i'm at my wit's end fr 
harf is a dingbat … 
we were so afraid and preoccupied about may and her getting hurt that we didnt notice na si ed na pala yung hulog na hulog. ewan i dont usually say this bc ayoko delulu pero i have never been so sure of ed's intentions till now. i pray this is for habangbuhay #pushawardsmaywards 
lol and taylor is not? 
yea it plus the dlc is probably about 120 hours. worth it tho. v charming 
lorde is weird but i love her so much. 
"the easiest way to unite a group isn't through love, because love is hard, it makes demands. hate is simple. so the first thing that happens in a conflict is that we choose a side, because that's easier than trying to hold two thoughts in our heads at the same time. 
i don't know who the lady is commentating the @ yankees game on espn app but how could you say the that the yankees and red sox haven't been trying to beat each other the past couple years?? this is the greatest rivalry in baseball and arguably in sports 
i feel like no one is paying attention this … 
all i can hear is that she didn’t get enough attention as a child 
i just heard there is going to be a bill and hillary comedy hour! 
is it too early in the season for some conjunto primavera 
wishing without work is like fishing without bait. -- frank tyger 
i'm not sure that i'm ready to see this movie, but the article is a powerful read about the profound, expensive, and deeply weird journey toward #ivf. rt @ ringer fertile ground: the #netflix original movie that’s realer than real life #infertility 
what did we say about murder my child??? but nonetheless this is the shirt 
my biggest scar is really because of cerelac . 
were talking about annuities in accounting today and all i can think about is the jg wentworth song 
xero is today launching a new 'wellbeing leave' policy, under which its staff can access personal leave for their wellbeing and mental health when needed. … 
actually found out it was so popular pats took provolone and american cheese off the menu till mid 70s.. that is a huge interesting fact i was not aware of 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist 5 strange locations nasa is trying to hide from you! 
please god rid this world of cancer and ptsd. which hurts so many people and takes so many lives. rid the world of evil and show people that peace is better way to live. #bluefamilyprays 
it really is 
tell trump his ride is here. 
it's based on average and consistency of target share, air yard share, racr, and also a qb rating factor. racr kindof incorporates catch %, but catch % is generally unreliable because it provides no context 
ion give a damn who they’ve played. this shit is insane. now when tua go out there and drop 50 on lsu. ion wanna hear shit else 
her evidence is empty-ish cars during midday. wow big shock wow 
documents └bank account └ @ mxnnxt └ savings └ this folder is empty! 
is that the same sad steel he bought for all of his buildings? google it. 
uhh left is this even a question 
he doesn't even know what ethanol is. 
since i started watching @ nbcthegoodplace, reminding my kids to use their silverware is a lot funnier. #fork 
the queen is the winner.!!! 
amen sister! testify! the religion whose holy book says 'kill the gays' and regales us with stories of massacres ordered by the lord is no religion of love... 
this is the cutest thing ever … 
this is rigged the surveys aren't loading for me and i watched about 20 videos and i got 1 entry 
my dog has a bad uti and is peeing everywhere and i feel really bad for her because the antibiotics make her sick and she's been on them for a while and they just can't get rid of the uti but.....now she's wearing doggy diapers and i feel terrible but i'm holding back a laugh 
our enthusiasm is adorable though lol ambitious is good though... 
"fascist" is a pretty useful descriptor for dudes who like pinochet and helicopter memes. 
>narrow. imagine losing so much, that this is now what you consider winning. 
yo kevin, bring more of your peeps to the darkside. (you know, believers in climate change) all bullshit aside, change is going to come fast and hard in the coming years and it is going to get very bad for all americans/humanity. 
branded overruns freego ladies small to xl 220 this is fast moving items . please provide option . 
what if karl phillips is actually karl marx's son and him and louis are pretending to fight just to misled us to the fact that louis is the biggest communist out there and he's coming to brazil to save us from fascism and finally start the communist revolution? send tweet 
if 50,000 people venmo me $1 imagine how sweet it’d be my venmo is emila-deneke 
in the eyes of the beloved, a thousand miles is no more than one mile. 
2x2 gang 2x2 is infinite and also u can access it easier 
blameitonkway is stupid 
i would likely be ongoing. higher education is often created as a strategy that adds value to the end user of a system (those that don’t recall how liberating this feature was when introduced in a short video here. 
when life punches you in the throat and then tries to drown in the bath. all is good, before anyone asks. 
i agree with the $8m mark most are putting out as far as fair value is concerned, but i wouldn't pay that. the braves should be looking for more talent at younger ages, even tho it will come at a cost. shouldn't tread water at key positions and rely on youth. add to the team. 
it's @ thehill so biased and slanted it is probably more like 90/10. winning! 
ben bruce with common sense liquidated silver, amcon stepped in to salvage it has he told us anything about that. why is he a saint now. … 
my forehead is too damn big 
this is the best i've seen today, it describes my life lol poor lil girl 
what truly is the best way to improve your brain health? this neurosurgeon has some ideas. 
i’m shook that this is on snapchat lmao 
this song is my new guilty pleasure!!!!!!!! i love this song and i love nicki minaj!!!!!! this song makes me wanna get up and dance like my life depended on it!!!!!! all hail little mix and nicki minaj!!!!!!!!!!! 
this is why i fucking love you. soul sis. best bae. 
why is #kanyewest wearing #kimjongun’s suit to meet 
well now according to @ kraz13p1x13 we can talk to calculators now this is going to be a long night already 
she's a snob. she thinks it is beneath her to ride in an old car like mine. 
well yeahits a literal fact that they were considered a threat when breakfast was all they served. source is literally any book on the subject, even bourgeois revisionist history 
i am so glad cnn introduced him to me. love love love him. now he is always on my radar 
it’s about vision my man. yea the economic standpoint is heard, but at the cost of an already declining environment. it’s time to start change, and honestly the oil and gas industry won’t ever fully disappear. 
facts, everyone is in a party rn i refuse to get nuked on, i’m ending all streaks 
what if tim gunn is actually michael from the good place... @ … 
a star is born (2021): rising esports star (f/19) falls in love with fading, aged e-athlete (m/21) 
demi bagby is as cute as she is fit (video) … 
#hardball: trump's not going to wait to 2020 to declare war. i fear what's about to happen is 'blatant hacking' will lead to the 2018 election being 'disqualified'. he'll declare martial law against 'the mobs'. remember 2016 closed to drumbeat of voting fraud works win or lose 
one of my best friends married a racist,climate change denying lunatic & soon after an outspoken fan of trump herself. we just found out her hormones have been going haywire & her hysterectomy is at the end of the month..i wonder if she'll leave the dark side after(just hopeful) 
yes this is productive. this is direct interaction with the most vulnerable of users. 
stanford's is wonderful. i prepare for every big trip there. this will be weird. #travel #maps … 
my devotion to this love is my greatest vulnerability & my greatest strength. 
ok but who is trying to do a group halloween costume and go as the fab five with me @ queereye #obviouslyimjonathan 
this is some murder house shit #ahs 
says the person who funneled debate questions to hillary before the debate with sanders. she is a known cheater and liar. she has no integrity nor credibility 
it is!!! i love it so much!! people in dallas are gonna hate me! lol 
my hair is atrocious... 
that.s too bad the summer is over... and her tits didn.t get bronzed up they got only half 
"who told dwayne johnson to merge out of his lane?" dwayne johnson doesn't need anyone's permission to cast himself in a movie that he's making. in fact, by making the movie, the rock is creating his own lane. that's one of the perks of being a total boss. 
the filipino one is right :--) also i relate in a piritual level 
wow, james franco is a real piece of work....a real shame what men get away with. 
we all need to help his opponent with campaign donations and manpower. if we want to send him out. i know people who are trying to help but it is not enough. 
interesting read -‘failure of healthcare providers to respond to reported changes in movement is probably impossible, however discouraging campaigns which promote awareness preterm & improving iol guidelines are sensible first steps’ … 
this is a very big mood … 
he is retired, i believe. waited to talk shit when he won’t have to pay for it. 
my block list is like a felons rap sheet. it’s ridiculous 
change is good, allow it. 
@ turnersportspr thanks alot idiots, can you stop talking so we can see the pregame and hear the pregame events. it is a special game and you cannot shut up for five minutes 
is that called polemolo-g? 
missing turkuaz go study for exams is probably the most mature thing i’ve ever done in my entire life 
starship is great, but i am just sticking with fantasy! i will have to check out saffron & peri, it's been on my list! thank you!! 
is accurate for everything 
the nectar case is a1 frfr … 
i paused it there for the screen shot but he had the road warriors even things up right before the horsemen tried to jump the ropes. i can't remember if this is the aftermath of the car door or when flair broke dusty's ankle in the cage though. 
i have this trinket (equip) from a bfa dungeon called "conch of dark whispers" and i hear weird voices when its effect activates. kind of makes me wonder if that's what the void is like #warcraft 
harry making patterned/bold suits a thing in men’s fashion is so wonderful i love that it’s becoming more mainstream for men to embrace traditionally feminine things 
what is your generation doing to change current black problems? … 
a preparation is a trimming: magickal, one-handed 
bs......they should keep letting them in until every seat is full 
celine dion - that's the way it is 
mae young classic is sick 
not my man’s last drama being a cougar trope . this is not what we want … 
y’all know what time it is 
once the handshake has come to an end, he will retract his hand as well, and let it rest at his side. afterwords lightly rub his chin; like he's pondering over what to say next. ❝ well... if you are at least somewhat familiar with, arthurian lore, that is where you would__ 
i love it. the story is piecing together and a lot of questions are getting answered. next few episodes should be nuts 
same in europe peggy, unemployment as a career opportunity is taken by many 
[ major content and trigger warning folks this is a bad one : child death ] >>>>> <<<<< *reader discretion advised* … 
trillo says he can beat healy and get 23%!! is that winning ??? i guess win, place, show. 
my heart is with you during this trying time 
yes that's the core problem but we won't lose heart khan is dtetmin to change the fate of pakistan and it will be inshallah 
too bad dana still has his funding from russia. 
am i the only one that noticed ? danwake without maggi star is not danwake 
loll yes i know that is not my elbow. im working with the brand to get the size issue fixed it was a mix up on amazons part. get yours here. #sleevestars 
this is so sick! shit throws me baaack … 
well the good news is, my dvr mercy killed itself to prevent me from watching the rest of #jaxvsdal #duuuval 
is this... nvm … 
red is best 4 the west #redtsunami … 
the political media complex is like a lamprey eel slowly consuming its host. 
the video is them reacting to tik toks 
lady gaga was 'blown away' by bradley cooper's voice for 'a star is born' via @ youtube 
( @ jerkmyego) that soon i’ll be your wife and then you won’t be able to get rid of me. that is, until i get a very handsome life insurance policy on you... you’re the first person that i think about in the morning, mostly because you’re snoring in my ear. - 
my senior night is really on friday 
is this for your new song? charot! miss you b3h! 
#findmax here's why bitcoin is the future of money! 
@ atviassist is it because the game was more popular than expected? servers can't handle it yet? i love the game, blackout, mp, zombies, it's amazing, and i'll continue to play, but the ping is mad right now. please tell me you are aware and have a fix in the works! 
import youtubelib youtubelib.runcontentid(currentvideo) #shazamlib is depreciated 
this is such a ridiculous statement considering most americans have more indian blood in them than @ senwarren. for a journalist, you are just spewing liberal propaganda that is ridiculous. 
this is my hope for my daughter … 
actually, i consider gen 6 and 7 to be great looking. the only complaints are the low resolution and lack of animation. the cutscenes in gen 7 in particular are beautiful and kalos, imo, is the best looking region yet. 
just got reminded of the beer is good song after not thinking about it for 10 years 
red velvet cake is disgusting. i don’t care. 
im in it on the bottom right is probably how i will probably over loaded with hapi 
psa: my hair is brown not red lol 
#nowplaying - this is atlantic radio uk jingle 2 on atlantic radio uk #hits 
the king 
rahul khan is a shia bhakt. this was just a spelling mistake by the kangress. 
you are the one that is saying bill mitchell is wrong, even though he clearly stated the premise of his statement. he was talking about sea ice. is bill wrong as regards sea ice? 
holy shit @ netflix @ haunting #hauntingofhillhouse is so friggin scary! how about warning a a girl before she starts watching it at night #gonaneedanightlite 
another migrant caravan is heading to the us. trump has already taken note 
it’s because these people have seriously never actually listened to someone who really disagrees with them express that they think and why. their only exposure to other viewpoints is via “comedians” who agree with them mocking the other side. 
man altuve is such a tough out #dodamage 
so no. living in nyc is not an exotic rom-com. it is a never-ending exhausting struggle of debt and anxiety and crumbling apartments that you pay way too much for, and it is a stark reminder of the disparity between the rich and the poor in this country. 
trump should just post in the times what the going rate is for getting away with murder, treason, rape, torture, election hacking, etc. he’s public now anyways. … 
just remember this when they say "believe all women" "believe all survivors" obviously this is not sexual assault but this is what women do, they overreact to situations. 
is it i or ... miss piggy is real? 
it is time for the sacrifice … 
wow!! this is amazing. … 
@ laurenhuppx is about to watch me maul this corn on the cob at the fair brb 
there is still about 150#of trump missing. 
"the problem is... you don't learn how to run a successful business in chiropractic school!" which is why i developed the success principles private members group key insights and strategies for running a... … 
why do is want to draw when i'm in terrible pain 
funny how that is... 
keep the families together string them up and hang them off the wall for all the see as a deterrent brake in to a patriotic americans house and see how that works out same goes for any country if america is a nation of laws start enforcing them or the people will 
don’t worry about it haha but vine is life 
is it worth the 60$ 
for 3.2 innings. pitched 55.1 innings for the brewers and had an xfip of 2.40 which is well above average 
he jumps into his boyfriend’s arms and forgets all of his worries, he forgets his previous birthdays and his bad grades. the only thing he can remember right now is how perfectly he fits in his boyfriend’s arms and how it took him 19 years to finally have a happy birthday. 
1 american thinking this is too many 
what’s really funny is ms. myeonjiyong thinks she is dragging bts when it literally is a self drag to her own group. y’all this pathetic;;;; i can’t even 
i’ll ask the person who made mine if this is any good! i did buy a 1000mg bottle on line and it was 10% it made no difference at all, with this home made one i’ve stopped all pain medication x 
my feet been cold all day and this folks is why i wear uggs all winter 
i can pick up the kids for you tomorrow,too. if your still sick. /my campaign slogan is to be helpful to the amish? and worry about my neighbor. 
ppl are praising nojulz and that other mediocre kangaroo for their "charity work", failing to realize that the reason they even got opportunities they did is bc they are overhyped and fetishized 
who else is not surprised that the heat lost their double digit lead 
i'm actually the opposite, was so glad to go back to something larger and easier to type on. the pixel 3 is too damn narrow. 
finally kelly o is out smh 
keep up the great work. the appetite for change is huge. … 
washing clothes is always a must on our days off 
this is so me … 
get home late an hour into the alpha tourney try to start one up and match making errors guess this is why its alpha 
men often allow substandard women to enjoy their dick. then if the bitch gets aggressive about ruining your life is he supposed to not admit her shortcomings? maybe he is an ass man and gave her the good ol gape! didn't look at her in the face the entire time. … 
hashoggi was not only denied a presumption of innocence but was fucking killed, to deny his life, and fucking trump is asking a reporter whether he is a fucking resident????? … 
how is every sports team i cheer for absolutely atrocious 
@ hardballchris fuck off chris. michal avenatti opened up the doors to michael cohen to flip against trump. he has a platform, i suggest you to read it. if he wants to rum as president i might vote for him. who the fuck are you old man to decide who is good and who is not? 
see i find it the opposite. digital apps for schedulingbare very small and i can not read them. i use a combination of large print desk calander and pagllll bulky timerkeeper. though visual impairment is different for everyone. it's great you can use digital schedules! 
#1 rookie linebacker so far was impressive..but #2 across the league so far this season is way more impressive considering he wasnt even projected to start coming into the season behind jaylon smith and sean lee! … 
the outrage on the left is completely hysterical!! the clintons have been doing this for years. 
is it superdope hahahaha anyways its okay we're thirsty 
a new episode of @ cw_spn is on now!!! 
and separating mind from body is a human trick just to make easier our self comprehension. there is not such separation. 
why are you lying? prez obama tried to tighten up background checks after sandy hook & the gop majority in congress & the senate refused to do it. no one is taking guns away. we need to implement thorough background checks & close loopholes. and why does anyone need an ar15? 
bingo. the idea that everyone would be holding hands and singing kumbaya without those pesky anglos is laughable 
i’m proud that my first born, connie, turned 45 today, my little girl, my second daughter, marquette, is my baby girl. then fedex brought me a package. opened it and i remembered my first, holding both my hearts... … 
no one is getting a selfie from me till i go back on my diet and stop bloating 
what is that 
i think some people aren’t paying attention when school is in session. 
people r telling me this is not genuine. they have no idea how many 1000 tala i spent on it ..... 
my ig has a lot more followers but i feel like twitter is where i really belong. i didn’t have an account before this one but it’s a pretty weird little universe on here. 
no. i’m a human with a soul. trump is a demon. he’s an in-law at best. 
so they insult an entire culture and call those calling them out a hate group? how does that work? squaw is a demeaning word & anyone who can google or has heard of a dictionary should know that. 
its a choice and always will be a choice !!!!!!! everything you choose to put in your body is by choice !!!!! 
she is so cute my heart … 
everything is difficult for them 
i'm laughing but i'm way shorter than him jfpdnpzjfoz and why when i search for kim jinhwan on google, the first word that follows his name is height?? the disrespect is real. … 
every since itachi came back that is all you been on about 
the health isn't what changed the ttk for example, health is currently 150 and let's say a three shot gun deals 50 damage a bullet in bo3 if that same gun was ported over, it would instead deal 34 damage. 
friday night fortnite is fun asf 
"magic is the science of understanding one's self and one's condition." - aleister crowley 
its amazing! s2 is out and it got juicier 
oh yeahhhh..it's the weekend! sheila chismar this is my fav female rocker!!! <3 … 
@ reading "netflix star samin nosrat’s ‘salt, fat, acid, heat’ is a marxist fantasy - eater" 
dawg why is kemba’s game so cold 
thanks for your feedback, i appreciate it. also, you should be able to comment by clicking the “+” next to “view comments.” please let me know if this is giving you trouble. thanks again! 
the best thing about #thehauntingofhillhouse was seeing @ thisislafferty all grown up! also the show is fantastic 
i saw this bumper sticker on a suv this morning. i guess we’ve reached the point where pretense is out the window. 
@ bingdevils that eminem song that the sound guy plays when the team comes out needs to be changed. this is a family event and my kids dont need to hear a song that says fuck and ho 
it seems like the only group that gets protected is islam, why? they need camera security, for safety reasons. cheers 
and pacers tbh , that team is good 
boneyard brewers' crack ( @ boneyardbeer) is on, replacing double mountain killer green ( @ doublemountain) 
soardogg is the homie. 
my parents dealt with 17% interest rates in early 1990s, the proportion of their income dedicated to the mortgage then is less than what people in their area pay now. 
it's a good thing the principal is threatening the foot ball team because that is literally the only thing of consequence that could happen in this town. 
this is my night plus i have a customer so still folding clothes. and i can’t drink tonight! 
is theresa ok? … 
it’s hard to combat a party that just straight up lies to the entire country with impunity. your party’s entire existence is based on keeping power in the hands of old white guys. as a middle aged white male i hope the trend soon comes to an end. fuck the gop & all who support it 
no matter the color she is, that has nuthin ta do w/ her body/ face structure ect. i understand wut they're tryin ta do w/ her hair & character, but the orig. look from the comics just duzn't work n this day & age. i've always sed that bowt her hair way b4 this abomination . … 
this future & juiceworld is so wack 
ohh wow! that is absolutely gorgeous!! thank you! my.. how i miss summer & the warm weather!! it’s down to 23f here! 
the corn is hitting us like billets and i start sprinting through the corn like my life depends on it 
me to customer: everything is 40% off customer: are u 40% off too? me: *fakes laugh and slowly walks away* i hate retail 
that is very epic!! looking forward to that!! 
is it workinggggggggggggg? 
3. yuta is really a man of value. besides his undeniable talents, he is also an advocate of equality and feminism which i really admire about him, he also trusts himself and cares about the people around him [esp sicheng & taeyong ♡] 
why does "special hospital team 1" have a huge vote percentage to sharma compared to other polling sites? where is this? what's the voting population? 
this is crazy , thank you crying chuck and crumb snatcher pelosi . 
it is the consternation, vitriol, hatred and emulation toward god, jesus, the bible and christianity in general that strikes against the founding fathers ideals. even atheists from times past saw christianity & the bible, fostering the golden rule, a manger scene was just festive 
just leave at halftime if this is the crap you put on the field. 
jin is now sick too #getwellsoonjin @ bts_twt 
whether he knew what to make of it or not, it's still pretty special to get someone you've followed for years to play your game. thanks, @ johnwolfeyt. btw, it is a game. 
close the border and stop the help ... until its fix. trust me when i write this , the help you send is only for the rich . #elsalvador corrupt political parties like @ arenaoficial and @ fmlnoficial are at fault . #devuelvanlorobado @ usambsv stop the visas to corrupt 
this is the kind of scifi-esque tech we like. defectors from spacex and blue origin are developing a remarkable technology called ‘stargate’ to help colonize other planets. … 
what i think happened with the whole brother nature situation is one of his homies got his phone and tweeted. mfs loved doing this in 2012 
girl, yes! my thigh tattoo is my fave 
all i want is ü 
1 easy lesson from the national party - shut up or be locked up!!!! my gosh they have so much they should be made accountable for!!! how they sleep at night is beyond me. viscous, egotistical, vile... … 
the invasion is coming 
is that braille 
the devil is working hard 
at this stage of our country’s history, having them ,from both sides, serving is critical to our future. they understand the value of the constitution and the republic. us veterans, including many women, seek to serve anew in congress via @ militarydotcom 
nooooooo! he is stressed by being continually nominated and struggling in that environment. whilst lewis may have inhibited cameron in some ways, he also facilitated and supported cameron in one of the biggest ways possible #bbuk 
and you’re right, there is much more to this than you realized in posing this question. i also want to mention the importance, also, in recognizing who the labor to address this is placed on, as this was posed to two black cis women to address this in a twitter thread 
"faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase." - martin luther king, jr. 
it 10000% is 
the thing is like, if you're working in an advertising lumber mill and the ppl above you are just sending a log down the conveyer belt at you, then they don't particularly care about what and how much work is done as long as the product rolls out the other end 
please yall stop nct has amazing vocal line end of story — this is kpop i take my vocal ranking serious as balls karen … 
bo4 is a good game y’all are just bad lmfao 
bernstein is a has been. america doesn’t care what he thinks. … 
this account is protected by a badass. those caught lewding this account will be shot on sight. … 
bitter and sweet water can not flow from the same fountain -james 3:11 my focus is on to something better baby. #p3achydoesitbetter #stopbankingwiththewrongbank #kingofqueens… … 
time is of the essenceeee 
pokemon lets go is the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century … 
cnn 10 22 2018 18 33 16 trump's dangerous caravan of terrorists is 11,000 miles from texas. even wearing nike gear, they could not and will not become a threat to the us border, any time in the near or distant future. #stfuah via @ youtube 
right now western seduction by brenda jernigan is $0.99 #romance #bargains #deals … via @ bookbub 
is the @ msucollegeofed dean’s hat an endurance athlete? vo2max of 0.01 ml/kg/min suggests the fabric breathes - barely! #hatwillplay 
is meghan markle vegan? here’s what we know about her eating habits 
thanks. i always felt i had a good character. you're trying to appropriate others' language and rhetoric. unfortunately, you comes across... weird. but keep at it, i'm sure eventually you'll fool enough people. as long as you're not engaging someone who knows better, that is... 
chilligan’s island aka “the romantic weekend” is undefeated. and “all the players came” is up there too … 
3: ok now that this is bs is done, let me give you some clarity, lord ayyapa has taken the vow of naishtika brahmachari, which means eternal celibacy, the rules of this penance are very strict.. brahmacahri can be followed by all irrespective of gender, 
@ realdonaldtrump republicans taking our ss is equivalent to white collar assholes stealing our 401k. americans should be outraged by mitch mcconnell saying he will go after ss,something we have paid into our whole lives it’s a separate account that does not affect their deficit. 
staying secluded is the best thing for me apparently. 
1. emilee 2. april 29 3. taken 4. 3 for now 5. florence + the machine song & marvel 6. marvel, tøp, the office, hozier, f+tm, homiesexuals, deh, hamilton, & a lot more 7. love simon, a star is born, ragnarok, pobaw 8. im extremely shy 9. most things 
no, a service can be popular yet still not be a primary channel of public communication. snapchat, for example, has 150 million monthly active users, but it is not, and has never been, a “primary channel of public communication.” 
(i hope it is clear that i’m engaging in sarcastic gallows humor and not insinuating that threats of violence are acceptable) 
ill never b like kayne west. i aint never going bck to no sunken place. dat place sucks. lls. happiness is a choice. 
agreed. rt takes a 45-degree set, which means he was prepared to block the edge. white delays, which is part of what he and i talked about — he saw the player he was going to help in protection flat-footed in coverage, so that triggered his release on the option route. 
lmao this is me rn … 
i think i deserve more followers but my tweets are the opitamy of dumb horny bitch so i have a feeling why my follower count is pathetic... 
i can confirm @ ecstasydragon is the cutest 
this is getting obnoxious. they're just setting themselves up for their inevitable comeuppance. 
jonah is there for amy’s delivery um please why am i crying.... 
1/ 2 i think that "no" is too unnecessary because in fact the character rise up of himself against the difficult and that's the reason to remember that amazing movies, and finally the actresses that you've mentioned they are amazing 
#connectfourshots is a drinking game in the making 
@ markellef looks better than i´ve ever seen him tonight. great to see him confident. is saric always such a liability defensively? #heretheycome 
had a talk with a chineese the other day he said kenya govt is so broke it cant guarantee itself any other loan from china infact unless a miracle happens sgr will hit a dead end at kisumu. and on affordable housing the goverment has been unable to guarantee its financing too 
first time i knew abt @ sonitaalizadeh was bcs she made an awesome collab with @ miyavi_official in his song "long nights". she is an awesome rapper and everyone should support her! please show her some love! also you should check the song. it's … 
shannon will know how vicky and gretchen felt despite her christianity this is the woman that is her true vicious self be careful ladies always fate will bite hard on the wrongs you inflicted will bite her hard 
i thought parts of it where that(omar’s death for instance). the whole thing is a parody. 
it terrifies me that u never know what someone is thinking or feeling towards u & everything that they say could be one massive lie 
if your wheelie doesn't go half track, is it even considered a #wheelie? @ nplewniak1791 and the #twinturbo #dirtythirty at #dragweek @darlington dragway … 
“health is measured by three key components by the legatum institute: a country's basic mental and physical health, health infrastructure, and the availability of preventative care.” you ought to read an article before you just randomly source it. 
shepherd smith is not worth the time it takes to turn on his show...what a joke! can't figure out why he's at fox! 
the next entrant into the #rumblefortomorrow is the “unbreakable underdog” leroy green! green comes to what! wrestling representing @ hogwrestling! $15 - ga (ringside) $30 - vip (stage seating) 
the prime witness in kerala nun rape case is found dead under a mysterious condition, but left-liberals of india didn't see any problem there. now, they are so worried about a media manipulated statement by smriti irani. says a lot about what is wrong with left-liberals of india. 
agree on jimmy going down, but can anyone say with full confidence that shanahan is the right coach? 
someone who is with the church they usually marry people 
that is not the same as what is going on here and you know it 
surprise to literally no one. liberals can’t admit that trump is pretty much always right. 
topics? we never know what interview we’re gonna do until a couple days before. that’s the beauty of it. podcasting is fun. 
if anyone wants to know how my week is going here it is: mikey crashed his car and i accidentally drank a spitter... 
3. this is completely on gabbert. not even in the same area code as davis. 
center yourself man. deep breath. its cliched but life is what you make it. you will rise stronger from your trials. 
for millions of years continents have moved and when this occurred islands disappeared and appeared so by those idiots who believe it's climate change so is this 
he did say white nationalist that was fake new jim putting words in his mouth he never said. this is why democrates fail 
whatever is another word for what the fuck 
hey there brian, is it possible to make these types of transfer tattoos “at home”? or is it still too complicated? 
#maga is a closerful lookwise at 5 shared imagesful of the caravanful, along with why the claimsful made about them shouldn’t…ful 
gordon is shameless. bet he winds up with "chump change" … 
@ tmobile revvl is probably the worst phone i have ever purchased. #tmobile #phone #android #technology 
sorry, 30 min. after a, the first train. a is normal, b is scrubbed, c is even later and packed, d arrives 30 min. after a. a 30 min. delay seems like a predictable disruption. 
i just want her energy right now . she is a force to be reckoned with!!! 
kiya says she is ready and many thanks 
depression is real! depression takes peoples lives! if someone comes to you and says they are depressed talk to them! you can make a huge impact on that persons life! idk if i know you or not if you ever feel the slightest of sadness come talk to me i will listen! 
if jamie still had modern wreckers especially the rotator he would not have gotten himself in this predicament!!! how is it that his brother and mission towing are surviving having modern trucks including a rotator? jamie used to have some great trucks!! … 
i hate u, how is this accurate 
@ governorcalvo here is a satellite photo taken from space earlier today that shows super typhoon yutu packing a strong punch to the guam area. winds were reported as high as 180 mph sustained and 220 mph gusts! pray for guam and the region! #guam 
i see. so rose was not in a "sexual relationship" with hw cause it only happened once? also you say you are in fact not saying that asia was in a "sexual relationship" with bennett so if you are not where is asia's "lie"? 
y'knw when ppl ask wht ur ideal partner is like, and to describe them. well @ sleepypjmv jst made my life a whole lot easier. 
is it getting closer? 
the man literally wants to be president forever. he’s already hinted at it. he would tear up the constitution if he could. at this point all i’m asking for is a decent human being whether they be dem or rep to run this country. 
the audacity i have to try and give advice to someone about their well being while i fully hate myself is just amazing 
waking up to this is a nice thing to kick off a day :) … 
thought so. the glantaf lad is a huge talent. 
i once went to th #ap for straight news. it has been less and less that way. their article “amid bombs scare, call for unity shelved for political barbs” is one of their most biased reporting to date that i have read. shame on you! your blame is irresponsible and incorrect. 
i don’t see why people hate. this is raw talent … 
great discussion of an important topic -- is it ok to eat a burrito sideways? justin bieber sparks a debate … 
the stimulation is glitching! 
going to the grocery high is so much worse than hungry. 
even if the polls are wrong, we need to stress #vote #votered #voteredsaveamerica2018 we can’t afford for 1 person to stay home! this is it folks! what’s happening right now. #patriots the fight is now! votered! know your ballot! vote down ballot! leave nothing undone! vote local 
best way to get relaxed to sleep is a good bath , plenty of soap suds , drop the heat of the water like it's hot then you will feel very relaxed , top tip 
i think i remember hearing on one of @ larzmarie pods that ppl go into docs office & request to look “done” so it’s a thing (but born lip shape is also a factor imo) 
speaking of ... why is the fbi using resources to investigate this??? evidently there are those in the fbi who are still in cahoots with this political shill. 
is she the one that showed up to work, sat with her producers and then prepped what they’d talk about on her show for maybe an hour or so and then apologized the next day when she got backlash? 
this is awesome. i need this on a video. 
is there always cameramen in the woman’s bathroom? 
i know it ain't right but the chemistry we have is so hard to fight 
yes! definitely yes! cause he has guarding, auto parry sometimes, hp healing ability, his hit combo is 13, has fast animation 
i named by emo pokémon coven, is this friendship 
this is how im going to bed after today … 
episode 7 of the podcast is now live on soundcloud: … listen to us talk about scary movies, milk, and @ sigtrick eating glue. with myself, sigtrick, @ veen_nc @ thecheese_ssb and @ justjkid 
i liked a @ youtube video i know religion is important and all... 
friday night new wave is on the air! come join us now at to chat and make your requests! #80s #80smusic 
socialist march in london has been & gone and yet our democracy is still alive and getting ready to kick when it needs too ( hope she’s got her crash helmet on) 
psa: if you deal with this much pain from your period it is not normal and you should seek medical treatment !!!!! i lived with it for years until they diagnosed me with endometriosis!! the longer it’s untreated the worse it gets !!!! … 
the opening for the world series is brad paisley. the opening for the bulls hornets game is robin lopez beating up a mascot (probably). the winner is clear 
he still hasn't found said demons but he is convinced they are there. we humor him. … 
weir is picked by daniel lopes, who returns to the cm 47. and zach mitchell goes 53 yards on a sweep the next play to make it 28-0 cm 1:06 left first half @ globeschools 
one who is above both the country plays the card ! 
every social media platform seems to be this way. if you're attractive or a woman or a woman that flaunts herself you'll get more views. but i am always with the beileive that it is better to have more meaningful views and also some people like a good personality/humour 
@ flykutos 10/10 for this flight? eh. lets kick it up a knotch! 80,000/10 obviously, i enjoyed the flight(as always) no problems and a perfect flight to end the night with. but what i really gotta say is thank you. from the staff to the passengers, i enjoyed flight because of u! 
wtf america? how is this even possible? … 
that is amazing 
ah tbh 20% is worryingly high for someone whose only claims to fame are being on dragons den and making racist and classist statements in his campaign for the presidency 
making moves people thought i’d never even consider. in case y’all were wondering private second class dane is killing the game 
tomorrow, october 27, is dea national rx take back day … 
at the free solo premier in omaha and there’s sooooo muuuuuuch patagonia. is this what living in colorado feels like? 
is this what u call destiny 
it is a sad song the evidence is the cons may have almost solved the trillion debt problem yet cannot deliver a proper brexit surely it was better be hung as a brit lion that rules itself than an eu half sheep 
this is the best anime ever since meme review 
kindness is truly one of the best lessons of all! … 
shepard smith must stay! not go! under no circumstances should this asshole be fired. it just adds fuel in their furnace. my conscience says that he is miserable at work anyway. and i love it! 
where is alucard 
i hate tv ads and any news channel that runs ads is not a proper news channel 
my mom is explaining her job working with the big grants of money for hopkins and i don’t even do that job but i’m stressed 
everything is awesome !! everything is cool when you’re part of a team xd 
i realy dont know if this would mean that the leak is real or fake xd but shadow as a semi clone would be absolutely amazing 
hi, this is kelly. i do apologize for any frustration or inconvenience. i will be happy to research. please dm @ fedexhelp with your name, address, city, state, zip code, tracking number, phone number and email address. 
shame on you flake. you say things to the press to make you look good, but behind the scenes support everything this president is doing. you disgust me you spineless human. … 
this poor worker is just trying to do his job, and it's such a thankless job too. and now he's had to deal with a gaggle of entitled whites. 
fire crews responded to a structure fire at the wendy’s on mansell. fire is out now, cause has not been determined, no one was injured. 
i want to keep my son wrapped up in the excitement of blowing his first bubble & his smile that he gave me last night when he did it. you all know i work hard to spread positivity and create movements of change. i’m am so sad however with what is happening in our world tonight:( 
good morning, today is sunday. 
but what gets me is how pple tend to treat me as if i’m the youngest in my family... like i got to be babysat or ask for permission to go this or that place... 
@ ausfelker welcome and thanks for following us! let us know if there is anything we can do to help you. 
effort is so attractive too bad no one knows how it works lol 
shadow-banning is just the tip of the iceberg: we're all digital ghosts now | zero hedge … 
teamwork “is there anything better than when a plan comes together!” #5thgrade #villageschool #cais 
is this a parody or are you just talking absolute shite? 
not at all. i’ve had him blocked for quite a while. but because rational disconnect is the most predictable motherfucker, i unblocked him knowing this tweet would be there waiting. and i 100% stand by what i said. @ rationaldis 
why is drunk driving illegal for everyone when i’m totally capable of driving competently after a few beers? 
thank goodness ignorance is bliss, eh roxy? 
remember how wwe is going to saudi arabia for crown jewel (blood money). 
an underestimated woman is a most powerful woman 
#adhanechallenge when first muazzin bilal recited adhan, his pronunciation was wrong and hyprocrites were gossiping. muhammad pbuh heard them and said: "his mispronounced allahuakbar is far more right than your correct pronunciation." 
gameplay is to nap between 10-11. 
cardi b is the worse fuckin rapper out right now. 
didsn’t we hear that about healthcare in usa? we won’t know whats in it until we pass it. but this is a heck more important that that confusion. 
this is bad. 
ajfhkjg they're sweet.. in their own way... :_d ..... also i'm dead addie tbh if anyone is yelling "boooone?????????????" irately while gripping the doorframe it's prob bkg... todo is rosa deadpan listening to him yell and deku is amy w his face on the table in despair dfhfhfhdh 
you really think this is it? i figured he’s been watching farrakhan and took action. 
@ lesterholtnbc we are regular ⅵewers of your newscast and you do an excellent job．however，you read obⅵously flawed basic grammar every night．the phrase "we are back ㏌ a moment" is wrong. it should be either "we will be back ㏌ a moment" or "we shall be back ㏌ a moment". 
yun nga ang lumalabas. his actions tell a lot about his motives. droga is his business. 
this is total and complete bullshit 
i had to do something while watching so i couldn’t tweet but i think nikki is winning now 
no fucking way thats a coaching error. that's ty montgomery trying to be a hero which is absolutely stupid when you have rodgers waiting to get you in field goal range 
it is!!!!!! mike has some great stories about creating the forsajen ost 
@ shubham_quant @ quantsappsocial since you are not providing the max gain on qa, i thought of doing on my own. so now the ques, how good is it during the begining of a series. acc is quite close to its lower bound, can we expect rebound 
say what u want ... all i know is when that clock hits a certain time , ya phone better be down and ya behind in the bed getting some sleep 
so numbers only count when they support the left in elections? do you have anything other than your “gut” to support your belief that cnn is the best? do you think they are better than bbc also? 
this is taking a while to load… 
is it just me or are there 20 different "national cat day"s scattered throughout the year... i've seen people post about it several times this year already. 
who is needing a main tessa? cause i am your girl. 
if this ain’t me idk what is lmao … 
seen it is a must see for action lovers. 
>people exposing someone who runs a neo nazi website is trying to kill them good joke 
the media is in hand of rootless need to stop them at any cost. 
it’s hard finding a photographer. what i need is 40 images a month for x amount of $$ some lifestyle, some product photos. people will agree to this shoot 80 photos in 1 day and think that’s going to suffice i just have the same image 3 times just different angles smh 
i’m convinced kyrie is a human joystick! y’all see this shit … 
i didn’t say it was class but its consistency in the league which is all that liverpool really have to boast also given they haven’t beat anyone yet either beat off napoli if you want to bring up cl — liverpool are solid at the back but arsenal can play through anyone at home 
we will welcome more prosperous times republicans for the most part are good people paul ryan is gone he killed more progress in the house john mccaain has faced the lord for his deeds @ realdonaldtrump is for all americans period he will bring us back #walkaway 
of the following, which christmas song is the best? 
i watch a few shows on mtv. a few times an hour they have a message , that is not sponsored, about not allowing hate or antisemitism to be acceptable. fucking mtv has more compassion and love for humanity than out shithole president. 
cnn is a joke. a former pioneer and leader of cable news has fallen all the way past the cellar into the sewer. cnn is a trash network of has beens. they are anti president, hence anti. all they care about is sensationalism to sell ads to their quickly dwindling base. … 
funny that this vision on the future of ridehailing is actually going back to the traditional taxi/cab service with alot of tech stuff added in. 
hey erin! flipgrid is used daily all over the globe. i’d say no hesitation as long as school policies allow it. students can easily share or take turns with devices if there aren’t enough. 
cardi b is currently in the studio with iggy azalea. rumors say that the two female rappers are working together on cardi’s “money” remix. 
fox network is showing its true colors. the fact that it continues to run the shows of shephard smith, chris wallace, neil cavuto despite conservative complaints, it shows it's no different from the rest of the msm. 
where is your proof? let me guess with your dna results showing you're a liar? 
he really is. it’s so refreshing 
this is it chief 
bad habits take time to break. this is second camp with cunningham...could make a difference. plus other variables, like pac fighting in us again (been a couple years...where's he gonna train, wild card?)...i wouldn't rule out ab having a shot. … 
@ jonfavs #tommyvietor king from iowa is a racist, white nationalist but when wondering why he keeps getting elected you said because he comes from a "conservative" district. a district that supports king is racist. why the euphemism? 
quintuple axons fire up at axioms, your cortex associates with your cortex again. one strange loop of invariant symmetry, let it in, fix your notation. second in order, remember: a mind everywhere is nowhere, ternary cardinal sin for life, for love, for yourself. 
nahh, this is a first 
i think thats an otter in save me mr tako. if so then this is my new favorite game! 
watching the burbs and i forgot how amazing this movie is. 
exactly. it was impressive. though honestly i think arnold was an “old school” democrat which is looking pretty darn conservative compared to brown. 
myah stop. you’re the sweetest and i’m so sorry this is happening 
as the law concerning #birthrightcitizenship is literally written, not how it has previously self-servingly been interpreted . … 
psychologically speaking, far from being worthless, a system is indeed necessary, for any kind of human endeavor. a structure aids in the mind’s endeavor of … 
tá bue fiquei bua omgggg who is she???????? 
the game is free to download so i'd suggest trying it out yourself and forming your opinion from there. actually, there's a special lien bonus going on right now for the next two days so you'll gain more lien from playing! perfect timing to get into the game :) 
denver sports television and radio is breaking my heart. 
so aunty toke is now following my fav? 
dinner is done just in time for #ghostadventureslive i think yes! 1 min i cant wait @ zak_bagans @ aarongoodwin 
liking and retweeting. thanks jack! 
having a big heart is such a blessing yet such a curse. 
it is a political party, so there’s no need to use quotes and fire up your readers. while they’re radical is some aspects, they are also well organized and the us is currently negotiating with them to bring our occupation of afghanistan to a close. 
am i the only one that thinks kurran is brilliant? pure entertainment! #theapprentice 
i see no pumpkin what is this 
the face you make as you realize the herd of trick-or-treaters is thinning and you still have so. much. candy. #sadiethegoon #sadiethefiend #sadiethegoogoomuck 
this kid at @ modpizza is totally winning at halloween! #voteforpedro even her parents are into it! 
no one makes beats that is fit to me anymore 
amazon’s ‘homecoming’ is a potent mix of sight, sound, and intrigue 
i liked a @ youtube video saw: the video game but the scary part is how bad the game is 
@ gopleader here is something to be proud of - wow the gop has really dug deep for this nut case and found him helping the gop. no. … 
oh baby take me away... to where the sun is always shining and the sky is always blue. i wanna live somewhere that's beautiful and i wanna be there with you... 
so i'm not sleepy but phonology is so bad i don't even know what to study. 
if this is real its the best thing ever. if its not its still good 
best behavior? you are obviously not seeing anything libs are saying. according to them he is single handedly destroying the human race. 
i read several articles—that was just the easiest graph. there is no skyrocket. that is just not true. there were ambushed that caused an uptick but it’s not part of an overall trend. violence against police is terrible and needs no exaggeration 
pro-life aggies is a secular, non-partisan organization. we do not endorse any political candidates nor do we try to persuade students to vote any particular way during our tabling events. we are not a right wing organization, nor are we politically tied to yct. thanks. 
a girl is just as capable to do anything a guy is 
justin & i legit have to find babysitters for our dog when we're both working cause she loses her shit when left alone… i imagine this is what it's like to have an actual human child… 
because of the inspiration of @ martysmithespn and all those (like me) living with multiple sclerosis, i’ve committed to run and finish the boston marathon in 2019. your generosity is appreciated. run boston. erase ms. … 
absolutely. the elderly and vulnerable children, ppl with pre extinguishing conditions stand to lose any kind of healthcare which is outrageous in a wealthy country like ours. it's as if he wants to kick people into their grave and let only the strongest survive. … 
taking your birth control with wine is a big mood. 
@ joesantagato & @ dannylopriore got my communicash () all fucked up. i just said “jeeezus christ” for the 10th time today, then “mm veggies, gotta get my nutch.” oh, and literally everything is fire. fak! 
freddie kitchens is a joke. greg williams is the name droppinist, own horn tootinist, guy i have ever heard speak. what a cluster f*%@this sunday is going to be. this may finally be #rockbottom #browns 
wheeeeeezzzzesss... this is fine... my new one blessed me with so many tama and tenn's!1!! just look forward mars lmfao 
this is truly a rollercoaster of emotions 
getting full on clam chowder soup is not the move 
how sad. trump is such an horrific example of an american. … 
sounds like the proponents feel the media is part of the opponents. oh well. there will be plenty other gatherings for you all to attend. 
i hear swimming with sharks is enjoyable, david 
kent state two is what trump is setting up. … 
hoop watch, day 1. the scene is tense here at assembly hall, as southern indiana must break in a new rim at halftime. more as we have it. 
she’s disgusting. but that is what is to be expected. we just have to be bigger than them and continue spreading the message. 
everyday bible memory devotional for women: 365 days in god's word is available 11/01/2018. only $16.99 at 
lmao, this is pathetic 
the line "the devil whispers in his ear out of tune" then the echoed "sick sick sick" is dope … 
why is the guy on the right sporting a.l.f.’s nose? 
*sigh* all i want right now is to go out with friends and party and get drunk and dance and just live life like a normal 20 year old..... 
stream is live! playing more overwatch ranked, currently in diamond, trying to make our way to masters. support main 
i'll take your word for it. i watched the trailer and it seemed like such a different show and so uninteresting. i'm going to skip it as well. this is how poorly hoc is doing. at this moment its not even trending on instantwatcher. usually it'd be at the top in both categories. 
i’m told bourbon is flowing. when hoos get going, the bourbon will kick in!! 
girl! i knew it! makes me so mad, playing with nina’s emotions like that. there’s no coming back for #valentine , fool. the writing is off there, cause i don’t think he would have done this. shame! #gh 
thats what i stated.she should ask some christain if she font know.maseeh means one who is blessed with piety from cradle to the grave. @ xadeejournalist 
who is this farrakhan? seriously, why are you distracting us with this? he's not a player on the left. i couldn't pick him out of a lineup. who cares what bannon spins? it's always spin anyways. 
he does that perfectly. repetition is the key to that success 
@ doordash payment wont process, card is good, help pls 
the same way they support a crass, bullying abusing pussy grabbing liar. it is not hard. it is their character and representative of the majority of their bible's character as well. if they knew their bible, they would see djt represents the anti christ much more than godliness … 
the bass line of livin’ on a prayer is very underrated. 
this is what you will be voting for if you vote democrat. 
learn why intentionally building your #brand is the most effective way to create a competitive, profitable, sustainable #smallbusiness. grab your book: 
"because you never ask me how my day is going. and here i thought you loved me!" he whimpers like the overdramatic man that he is. sniffle. "but yeah, i got one mostly trick ben. he still believes, right? if not, then just the babies. speaking of, they are definitely getting a+ 
ss is not an entitlement. welfare is. medicaid is. snap is. 
tim tebow rips maryland for not sticking with decision to retain dj durkin - bleacher report-tebow is right. … 
all-time series between the two schools is all tied up 5-5. a trip to the @ wacsports championship match on sunday vs seattle u in the balance! tune … 
don't rely on pain medications to help with your pain! chiropractic is an effective alternative and has fewer side effects than medications … schedule an appointment now! #chiropractic #opiate 
buddy... i love ya... but this is just plain wrong, bubby. … 
this is very upsetting … 
we only say that cause the way they bend to the dumbest criticisms. i just think it's funny how now that there's actual valid concern from the core audience blizzard is like "fuuuucccckk offfff" lol 
she is far braver than all of our troops 
the mental derangement is far reaching throughout the liberal insane asylum. 
warren can’t sell shows out. i doubt that fight would even sell 5k tickets because who really knows them? both unknown because warren is a useless promoter 
"those who say that the [state] is powerless to fix us are right...what we have, instead, is each other.” - adapted from peter rollins, “the divine magician” 
yes!!!! but still, new york is out of my reach for now... so i'll just see you and the movie in 
it wasn’t until i finished at lsu that i know there was more to the song than those few notes ! the crowd is that loud #geauxtigers 
being a barber is about taking care of people. dial a barber +264812231718 #mobilebarber #barberpreneur #go2urbarberbroer 
exactly as our vote & our representatives in congress is where change happens not the dnc! 
as expected, tons of action alabama at lsu. public is split - 53% on the tide (-13.5). 
mirpur is still a part of kashmir. 
don’t forget to turn your clocks back tomorrow #daylightsavings. personally i think tomorrow is the perfect day to sleep in and enjoy that extra hour 
can’t watch that chris hahn. he is so fake and annoying. love dan and the judge but you need a democrat that can hold a conversation- debate vs this idiot. 
thundergong is open! get here soon! 
weather conditions from calabash, nc @8:00 pm 48.5°f, humidity is 92 pct, wind 0.0 mph n, rain 0.20 in. high temp 66.0°f #sunsetbeachwx #ncwx 
boarding a spiritairlines flight -- stopped by the newsstand looking for an "inspiring" magazine -- any mag. ...tfw you *totally* forgot that your face (& @fakerapper's face) is on the shelf this month. 
excellent piece. monsanto’s profits, not diwali, creating smoke in delhi the culprit is monsanto but hindus are virtually stopped by court order from celebrating the festival deepavali. @ … 
gonçalves: woah the revolution is coming led by [my irl friend's full name that i won't share] but hey, it kinda works? … 
oh, you should read it, it is an excellent read. it's about the social and intellectual issues that african americans faced in the early twentieth century. 
why is it a ratcheting up of his rhetoric if he's talking about fending off violent anarchists? this puzzles me. does antifa violence not count as violence? 
jeremy corbyn receives death threats on a regular basis and he goes about his business unprotected and that is troubling. he is hounded outside his house by the press allowing any nutter to see where he lives. 
why is adani supposedly pushing ahead then? absolutely zero assistance/support should be given to these climate terrorists! 
the one i did is 6”x3.5”, and limited to 4 colours. 
i don't think i can go this year (my mantra is now "focus! focus! focus!") but this is a great conference and you should consider going! … 
my stomach is killing me 
indystar editorial board: why mike braun is right choice for u.s. senate … via @ indystar @ braun4indiana is without a doubt the best choice! @ realdonaldtrump @ mikepencevp @ jim_banks 
@ jeffreestar this is going to be the longest 5 days of my life i have never been this excited for a launch before!! #alienpalette 
why is it all these liberals are the ones doing all the stupid crap high school antics? we need to get rid of bullying and these idiots would have been taught how to act by their peers long ago. throw milk in hs and end up stuffed into a locker by someone, lesson don’t throw milk … 
glad the rams/saints game is good bc i cant watch the texans game. gotta keep up with it on here 
i don't understand all the hate. i'm glad your boss is doing the right thing. 
this is so tiring. he’s a 3rd stringer calm the fak down. … 
this game is living up to the hype 
this is hilarious! … 
omg my dogs loveeeeee string cheese!!! what is it about it 
i’m not from maryland, but i do have ties to baltimore from my mom’s side of the family. we hope @ benjealous wins i have been seeing a lot about him and dave from @ joelmadden and have grown close to what he is doing. love what he does and we will be rooting for him! 
googling your symptoms is dangerous 
i love hearing that @ boisepd is moving forward with spanish classes. the curriculum looks great. 
my sin was great , but your love is greater.. #jesus 
this is the keihin-tohoku line train for sakuragicho. the next station is higashi-kanagawa. the doors on the right side will open. 
seems that @ myfitnesspal log-ins are down right now. that's annoying. even more annoying is how it handles the error, trying to make you create a new account rather than just telling you it can't log you in at the moment. 
gugudan cb in a few hours let's fucking go lesbians this is a win for danjjaks only 
people's willingness to eat up whatever the worst folks on earth have to say, simply because they are soothing their hurt entitled gamer™-egos is... distressing. like, wow, yes, kern was producer once. he was also so bad at it that he got fired. multiple times. for a reason. 
the don on the left is the biggest wasteman though. lord knows what vibes he's really on 
my dog is happy when she eats and i just got her a counselling license on the internet. 
chik fil a is so good tho 
lmfao yo dis is me … 
oh then i’d love to connect you! i was going to add more poets to the thread. the anthology is just this one — mahwash is brilliant and has brought together some great scholars and practitioners. i’m writing about afghan american women video artists. i can just email u sister! 
is that... bagged milk 
player to watch peter murray ( @ peter_murray9), qb out of james cadwell hs, nj. c/o 2022. this super talented freshman qb can make every throw, has a rocket of an arm for his age (14), is very good at climbing the pocket, is not afraid to take a hit, and a very talented rpo qb. 
god i keep getting all these spam texts today that i keep deleting immediately like i know voting is important but lose my number, last one read: “sterling it’s your mother, call me back it’s important!” 
taylor’s best album is repugaytion. 
tobey maguire is still the best spider-man. 
omg. blew me away. #truth is the … 
this is both rousing and alarming on election eve. … 
traffic is so bad i might likely miss my first flight in over 20 years. have 17 minutes left and am still 11 minutes away from airport. should be interesting 
i agree with this sentiment (although of course i love when you visit). the world needs to hold us accountable for our stupidity and tourism dollars is a good way for individuals to do that. 
bitches love jail birds. like what is he doin for you sus. 
today, only a dull-witted fool will vote for a democrat and the united states is full of dull-witted fools. 
nicki minaj is more popular than cardi b. 
voting is actually really important but is everyone going to ignore the fact that it's literally a social media clout game 
when you work hard to get that bread but all you get is bread crumbs 
@ egoraptor watching your youtube vid made me sad in my tummy - ggs is literally the reason i got into video games again and it's helped me so much through death of a friend, an anxiety disorder diagnosis and an abusive relationship (all in the last year.) 1/2 
doubt trump is really a billionaire unless he obtained it in the last two years. he’s a con man on the lookout of a bad deal! 
i'll agree with that but collins is a stud. no problem with trading up but you better hit a home run when you do. the giants look like them because reese got cute after hitting on jpp and then drafted based entirely on measurables. 
i expect to wake up tomorrow to a lot of discussions on how the dems managed to lose this one. because this timeline is all about the right winning nominally impossible elections. 
. @ z100newyork is giving you the chance to be front row famous. enter for a chance to win front row seats to #z100jingleball and be our social media correspondent all night 
ah fuck. final jeopardy is already ruined for me. now i know how 7:30 feels. #jeopardy 
indeed very few are those who hasten to seek real knowledge. and only a few who are those who gives much honour and respect to knowledge. but rather, many of the people they speak like they possess that which they do not. knowledge is not seeked with the relaxation of the body. 
dirty cop is a low life. 
for many years, people tell me that they see different things in my paintings. and i think that’s what art is about thanks jd 
i've been oddly calm recently, but everything around me is in turmoil. this is weird 
this is too meta … 
“this thorn in my flesh is the only thing i’ve got left; it’s so hard to confess when everyone thinks you’re perfect”—lecrae. 
what is wrong with you? 
who is going to play the microphone snatching lady on snl?? 
nigel garage is an embarrassment though 
to be totally honest if sammy is unhappy that has probably made the vast majority of people in ni happy. 
my friend is treating me to caribbean food 
she is stupid. that's why. … 
everything i say is everything i said. i been this. 
lesbian native american sharice davids took office, is also buff 
beto is a skater boy wow 
sometimes the answer to your prayers is what you lose. 
“everything happens for a reason” is just an excuse for failure 
hi, is there going to be a physical copy of this for sale? how about a collectors edition?? 
guess u knew better dan da coach...pls stick to da microphone....da grass is a no no 
the boy doesn't have a chance.. the judge is bias.. nypd will use every trick in the book. what happened to the missing 6 hours of them talking to him. how come his dna doesn't match. what evidence do they have other than him being black and in the wrong neighborhood 
he's like a mob boss. but the neighborhood is bigger, and he's done nothing for us. 
“hey, do you know where the bread, peanut butter, and jelly is?” he went around the place. “er... or where the kitchen is?” … 
a friend of mine at school is actually rly nice 
is brawlhalla crossplay for switch and pc @ brawlhalla 
according to this article, everything is : ) … 
i mean sure. but that's not the issue though is it? the issue is that he's a reactionary irrespective of his opinions on kant or aesthetics, etc. 
weekly reminder that there is a special place in hell for people who have long cell phone conversations at the airport bar 
this is the kind of disrespect that pisses me off with this generation you don’t deserve the freedom we have and that they provide … 
it is 00:58 cet now 
yes, your tweet is visible. was that what you were checking or do i misunderstand? 
hey ust/midi makers! any advice you think is very important people to know? this can be from the midi,lyrcs,tuning process, ect ^ -^ 
iara is the only other person that is valid in liking cbc, send tweet. 
i can’t wait to have my own house & family & host holiday events christmas is going to be a whole show 
we’re at the fred kavli theater in thousand oaks. a vigil will be held here at 6p for the victims of the #borderlinebarshooting. doors open at 5p. the smoke is from the #hillinc 
this is a fact … 
that is the question! 
do i make a reaction video to a song i heard months ago for bants is what i wanna know xxx 
“trump’s installation of matthew whitaker as acting attorney general of the united states after forcing the resignation of jeff sessions is unconstitutional. it’s illegal... anything mr. whitaker does, or tries to do, in that position is invalid” … 
i̇s bitclubnetwork ponzi or scam? they pay nothing to members and stopped mining. @ btcturk @ bitclubturk @ bitclubnetworke @ bitclubnetworko @ bitclubnetwork @ bitclubgul @ onquestbrainabu 
za'atar is a mediterranean spice blend that complements chicken nicely! try it out in this fresh salad recipe: 
this is very corrupt! if i were the republicans in this state, i would legally & peacefully protest broward election officials and take back all of the races! this is wrong! 
today is my mother in laws birthday and i am very happy she exists having long ass convos w her everyday is my favorite and well plus she loves me for her daughter so to celebrate her i’m posting my fav text msg i received from my fiancé 
[ live] mario maker super ex until @ blackantivenom is done cooking gainz. then we're gonna ddr on dancepad together~ (gainz on gainz action?) 
always know that what others people think of you is their own concern and problem,not yours.just relax and stay authentically you 
but canada is still signing it … 
“jisung is suck a funky little man” - @ breadsbeanies 2k18 
this era of being unable to have productive discussions on topics that we disagree about needs to end. it is entirely possible to disagree about topics and debate without making personal digs and attacks. 
he called acosta rude and that he shouldn’t be working for cnn, because he didn’t like nor could answer the questions. he took away wh access. a child. the black journalist he called stupid today is the 3rd woman of color he has verbally”abused”. tell me that’s ok. 
whitaker is a fraud liar bilked thousands of citizens out of millions of dollars w/ fraudulent business shutdown by feds.just like trump. two pigs in same sty- along w/ rest of gop @ gop @ mattwhitaker46 snowflake whitaker has his tweets protected-thief @ senatemajldr @ thedemocrats 
one of the nurses at my work keeps saying “oh look it’s the devil” every time i enter the room she is in. i just want to know who told her? 
this is sad but imagine in escape the night season 3 you show up in the chapel and you walk out to see the entire city burned to nothing 
misleading! to make true, you’d put plan in place now to keep the 1000s of current elderly & disabled from homelessness as the current mha subsidy is ending. solution is in your hands! but it’s [again/still] in limbo aka ‘in committee’. save their homes! please! @ bostonglobe 
wait where is frank in all this...? i swear all night i was thinking about who is dead 
this instrumental is so beautiful wtf … 
lol judge much? there is a scripture about that...goodluck with that karma 
this coming from the guy who’s dad lied about an urgent caravan invasion crisis to gain some votes? a crisis so bad he doesn’t want to talk about it anymore? miss us w/that bs. the video was fake news as is everything coming out of the wh. lying is the trump admin specialty. 
i always check on my family/friends there on … which is a map view of what we have for #hurricanes on the #eastcoast & they have always seemed pretty up-to-date hope this helps … 
irony is now spelled dez bryant 
every piece. is apart for you, it returns at the right time, in. another way. never let it go forever. it's just growing. like. inventing the universe, it's a rebirth of a. old time and star. 
you are right about that. suddenly political affiliation in this culture is a reason to lose all sense of sanity and judgment. too much hate in this country right now. 
@ skaddenarps that bitch is a pack hunter who will kill you. 
deepika is going to italy with ranveer’s family instead of via bangalore ... they truly are already her family like she said <3 
is there something today? 
in a way despicable me is a better grinch movie then 
i'm going to go buy a bottle of disaronno and a mango arizona after work cus i can't smoke weed and sobriety is not working out for me 
@ foxandfriends what's next? democrat lawyers in fl now object to deny non-citizen's votes from being counted? you can't make this stuff up if you tried. and everyone wonders why legitimate voters are concerned? what is this country coming to? 
no. there is no reason for your shorty driving to cause more people to be in danger. learn to drive or get off the road. i would love there to be a driving test every 2 years and way stricter on take peoples license away. … 
how smooth it is... #yachtrock ers! tune in: 
how is it only 7 
and your best rb is the only one who didn't fumble in the fourth quarter. 
no joke. he seems to forget that california is part of our united states. … 
calum's hair is so wavy i love … 
if you want more money take on more responsibility. the money will follow. paying people more than they produce for a company is a problem 
is he asian? i saw a man vastly underdressed in a t shirt and flip flops with bandages on his foot on my walk around 11 am along maple valley highway by the starbucks. just sharing as he was very out of place in 49 degree weather. 
1/2 average turnout in the 14 states without early voting: 50.1%. average turnout in the 34 states (+dc) with early voting: 49.5%. early voting is a great convenience, but it just cannibalizes folks who would've voted anyway. it does not appear to increase turnout. 
look..... this is what happens. pics just dont down load fer ages. the signal is soooooo poor. it was happening in training today 
stack is terrible 
this is your best i don’t care 
is nobody gonna talk about how thank u, next and knew better are the same song 
this little man is having the time of his life and that's me at hulkmadeus x bimbodeus dont interact x 
i think he is a fame junkie. if he had serious intentons to unmask dt he would be quiet, working behind the scenes and gathering info. 
preliminary election results #8 is now posted: 
everything is all good, thank you! 
cooking after a busy day is easier with hellofresh enjoy your first 6 meals free with this offer: 
racist rot is entrenched in some places. feed off each other. yes, i’ll call it. mackay. lnp & alp base supporters. mines workers - bikers. heaps of them. men & women. some kiwis. work together. booze together. toys & boob jobs. breed clones. dumb & dumber white supremacists. 
this is really the worst time for canada post to be on strike, like it could’ve waited till after christmas 
yeah unfortunately not, my plan is to take the year off to find a good journalsim course unless something amazing pops up of course and go from there. 
aww lol my gf played league, too i think is there something about ow she doesn't enjoy? 
an exploration of #fortnite sounds and #asmr this is worth your time. i have added chapter links in the description of the video to make your exploration easier. 
is amazing how some tells us how bad is our life in eu yes.. we welcomed ppl in need.. lots of them.. yet.. we are in safer place that usa. we don't have nor need armed guards and metal detectors at schools or chiurches 
i'm happy to admit you might be right but i'm also happy to add that it could just as easily be that they were good/great players who were let down by others. it really is hard to judge these things from the outside. 
haha. are you a bot? you support a #potus who thinks he has an "instinct" for science & doesn't need to talk to actual scientists (so ignorant & illogical!) he is incredibly rude to almost anyone except #cult45 & ruthless dictators, & his platform is built upon divisive hatred. 
while we’re at it, the ooh la la la choreo is trash in many ways 
how cute is it when someone takes a photo of u and u think it’s gross but they think it’s cute 
hanging out with a cat is a favorite past time of mine 
@ krystian__el your taste in music is exquisite, you have a very warm and comforting voice and the food on your instagram looks bomb af have a great night sweetie 
joey is a legend! 
rams announce that kupp is doubtful to return. 
it all changes when you start getting paid. this is the disconnect that most fans have. bell knows he needs to get paid now. not many frank gore's in the league. … 
weather conditions from calabash, nc @7:00 pm 48.9°f, humidity is 73 pct, wind 1.1 mph nne, rain 0.00 in. high temp 55.4°f #sunsetbeachwx #ncwx 
well, i was lied to today and my luggage still isn’t here. in addition, your tracking number is not providing any updates, as promised .. how about some customer service? @ usdot 
this is such an erotica omg … 
yes it is. 
the fact that i had to take out my dick to double check is astonishing 
people hate the raimi trilogy, just because it's cheesy, actors are ugly, kristen dunst is annoying. but they never see the human side of this trilogy. that's why the critics and most of the fans love it 
the best thanksgiving food is sweet potato casserole don’t need to eat anything else 
thought i might try a new style, i’ve heard looking like a charter bus seat is the new thing 
he’s a heartless bastard. i hope the red cross is there. stay safe … 
ashton kutcher is a prime example of why we cannot trust white men 
why on-the-job training is failing to prepare public service leaders, and how to fix it via @ skinnergj 
@ harryshumjr is truly an amazing person! 
the democrat party is in reset windup. 
y'all delusional. lorde is forgotten. kanye is literally a pioneer 
sure sex is cool, but have you ever got like 17 likes on a #twitter? 
regarding emma hallbergs boyfriend. he infact seems to be of mixed race. i know a lot of people have been speculating. his sister recently uoaded a fathers day picture onto ig. so there‘s that. this is all so confusing af. 
no, he retweeted an opinion that a mouth piece on fox and friends had. that is hardly a fact based statement. people shorting this stock just made bank today. surely none are 45's friend 
im crying the forst one is the cutest thisn ever 
whatever it is outside it’s way to cold first off ! 
rick scott is bat boy 
maru is a real baby 
being cheated on is so detrimental to your health. i haven’t been the same ever since. 
i mean i was expecting the make trump admit his boyfriend putin stole the election from mother act of 2019 so well done for at least exceeding my expectations some 
...i'm just going to- dig myself a hole right here and die so really this comment didn't happen at all, because none of that happened and nothing happened and i don't exist. this is a simulation 
atrocious customer support from @ foxhomeent — mobile site is terrible, wanted to redeem digital code in itunes (not movies anywhere) and fox says “sorry. one time use. no way to fix this” customer service isn’t hard to get right if your a multi billion dollar company. 
"a house must be built on solid foundations if it is to last." just like everything else in life. 
you know how stupid that is. don't whatever me … 
what is this kakskdjfj 
i’d love this bundle :p if i got it it would be the second physical disc i own all the other 500 is digital :) 
is there any place i can get any of the kids, it's been about having a laugh ridiculous stories and juxtaposition of rp in the yt pages 
dick blumenthal lies about vietnam and warren is 1/20000000 pocahantas and cortez got her bachelors degree in economics from hooked on phonics. y’all really writing home about these folks huh? 
that is beautiful 
no one is looting and it's not because of guns. it's because they don't lack the basic needs for survival. when restaurants are giving out free food, clothing stores are giving away free clothes, and other things, people tend to be cool. weird... 
“...one of the highest return investments we know we can make as a country is in early learning” @ johnbking > then pay ece teachers the most. u.s. teacher compensation is upside-down. … 
@ razer how am i supposed to get the cynosa chroma pro when i live in denmark and i need a nordic layout but only a us layout is available? i need my æ ø å, and i need that sweet sweet underglow~ 
#myviewcan do literally nothing because reason does not actually exist. life is meaningless. 
r.e.h. is my favorite author. i like all of his work including his poetry. 
my guess? clueless about the structure of the government, he knew nothing about the constitution, and he thought he could just come in and do whatever he wanted. now his own shady past, and lack of political experience, is coming home to roost. … 
jennifer's body doesn't deserve cult status that movie fucking sucks the premise is ok but diablo cody can't fucking write, megan fox couldn't act, and her mousy friend was awful and the lesbian makeout seen was so asinine i gay i am gay but even that was ugh just awkward 
dang dude you know @ alex_kozora is famous when kurt angle replies to one of his tweets. #clariongoats 
just seen my first scorpion in the house. i thought i hated spiders.... bro this is a new level of hate i have never felt before. 
weather conditions from calabash, nc @7:00 pm 49.9°f, humidity is 72 pct, wind 6.6 mph nne, rain 0.00 in. high temp 56.5°f #sunsetbeachwx #ncwx 
hi amina i'm a web designer and would be happy to help. my site is my dm is open, i'd love to discuss the details. thanks, karl 
i agree!!!!! what i'm hearing is there is no real front runner. she needs to go....go faaaaar away..... 
#bcravenslegacy it is a rewarding one, from the perspective of the newest hack on the bench at our us sc. #brettkavanaugh #unfitguardian 
no lights anywhere. no signs of life. is brussels now a city of the dead? or even worse--the undead? 
there is a very easy way to add electricity to the fence. … 
there is a few people that i know who were always asked is your friend single and they were constantly slept on. all of them are beautiful ass butterflies rn and yall missed the fuck out. 
it is officially get in your car and yell “shit its cold af” season 
truly is president material now. #republicanvalues 
today is #burnthestage screening!!!!! yas broo, i get the ticket broo!!!! wohoooooooo @ bts_twt 
and that email leads to an obligatory **click** on link.... well done pr flack - streisand effect is a tremendous statergy.... 
also if it turns out that there is such a large metabolic advantage to low carb don’t you want to know the exact highest #of carbs you can hbe to still get the benefit? 100 g carbs per 2000 kcals feels waaaaayyy more doable than 20! 
#nosurbhinoishqbaaaz #nosurbhinoishqbaaaz the innocent smile of our chandu darling is very infectious which we love to be infected... plz makers do not challenge our fandom or ib offair zaroor ho jayega 
i know what i know about the world i live in. if i have to die here as god's son for treason in a past life and that's the only reason i am god's son in this life, then that is what i will do. … 
@ michaelavenatti is desperately setting up his gofundme bail account. 
they'll be the first to herald some small form of success in the arts yet will not fund or support the spaces which create this. we can't just expect the arts and dance community to thrive? why is it up to the promoters of this city to cultivate culture? 
being a cannibal is starting to sound appealing... maybe i should at fallout one day 
@ juiceworlddd 9 9 9 
"by 2032" if current immigration rates don't change so what you want is more poor brown people to displace the poor white people and further depress wages just so you can have cheap labor? … 
everyone is delusional 
i know the is random, but i love how concisely you said this. 
is your back hurting from carrying your team on nuketown. go pick yourself up a new chair from @ technisport and use code ratedr and save 10% today! 
in which case author isn't patronizing a woman. which if this is script might be nice writing. arguably. 
cause tonight is just like any other night, that's why you're on your own tonight. with your triumphs and your charms, while they're in each other's arms 
you should have asked instead of saying it. but also, come on. watching you lemmings not even read the article is hilarious. … 
yup i forgot peepli live. matru i didn't watch so had no clue what is was about. 
i didn't even know armys in pittsburgh existed why is it so packed in this theater 
all i want for my birthday tomorrow is a ticket to the friday night buffalo show. and maybe another snow day. … 
claire perry is a disgrace who should apologise for sinking so low #bbcqt 
this is good. i watch tcm a lot, do you know the name of this film? 
and we go fire bazoka for you, because this body is not playing rara 
that is the best argument i have ever heard for why women should do all the work in the bedroom. cant say i agree, but its a good argument...kinda 
lmfaoo this is why i don’t mess with my mom :/ … 
holiday season is upon us. this time of year can be a time for some of us to gather and eat delicious cultural or traditional foods. unfortunately, sometimes the holidays also become a… … 
i’m talking about anyone who thinks trump is antisemitic. doesn’t matter who they are. 
wait so is burn the stage in like all theaters?? 
on behalf of me and my company d.cap inc. & @ dukwon we’re giving away a #thanksgiving dinner for one family in jacksonville florida area. all you have to do is email me at… … 
the synchrony home credit card is your key to completing holiday home projects. enter today for a chance to win $10k! #sweepstakes #ad 
san antonio is so prettyyyy 
from my experience with reading up on k9 training and most shooters, it would be pretty difficult to shoot a dog. dogs move incredibly fast and moving targets are really hard to shoot. mind you this is against sidearms. obviously an assault rifle would take it down easily. 
per the interwebs: the iff has ties to the american legislative exchange council (alec) through its executive director, wayne hoffman. alec is the koch brothers and other #deplorables. also anything libertarian is the kochs. 
only one on that list that important is poland they didn't think to highly of obummer 
hhh this is such a funky tweet welp 
wow they want to kill us. they are out in the open about this … 
wifi is still out and i still hate my life 
[hey you started it and i’m not wrong ritsu is literally in izumi’s hands- 
star wars is sooooo lame. star trek was a thinking man's show. 
this is pure ignorance. pure. … 
she believed she could, so she did … is what fueled “my why.” we likely have heard the quote before, and may be a bit cliché, but for me, these words ring true! my… … 
adrian martinez is definitely taking home the hardware. start your big ten saturdays with #btntailgate. live at 10/9am ct on btn. 
said idiot protagonist does not exist in the game super heroine chronicle. this person, however, does... i think you can see where this is going 
kathy wanted to remind you that today is #flexfriday! do you think she looks strong? we do :) #specialneeds 
how does anyone think this is going to unwind? 
who bitch this is? … 
itunes us: #8 no candle no light (+1) *new … 
me ha gustado un vídeo de @ youtube - dhalsim is losing his touch). 
find a time that everyone is awake like im in europe i cant watch u every time 
would you consider an organization that wants to reduce the world's population to half a billion a terrorist organization? what is their weapon? mind control. they make you believe they don't exist by making fun of 'conspiracy theorists' like me. … 
meryl streep is all 3 in into the woods … 
yes, but 2 things: 1.) hyde is not a child molester 2.) mississippi is more racially polarized than alabama & has fewer college educated whites 
i remember the feeling of seeing this in the theater...the fastest way to get everyone to hate your new villains is to watch people scream as they get wiped out in genocide, i guess 
i'm glad somebody is writing them. just not me. 
it still blows my mind that ricochet is in the fed #wwe #nxttakeover #wewantwrasslin 
*second change* zach lofton is not starting. now that i think about it he may not be playing tonight. 
oh please..... your lack of common sense is showing. 
i want an american dream. i don't want to live in an illusion. once you come out of the mind matrix, you can't go back in. i know there is a positive future for america, but people need to #wakeup and see who the #enemyofthepeople really is. #nowwatching 
so, on the one hand i've generally had good experience with @ crucialmemory ssds (including warranty replacement), but on the other hand @ sandiskssd are substantially cheaper right now. is this a false economy? i've got a dud sandisk x100 on my desk, which isn't helping. 
your accent is so cute what- … 
kronk is such a funny character. so many great quotes and scenes with him. kronk's not even that bad of a guy. he loves to cook and can talk to squirrels. sure, he isn't the brightest, but he does have his moments. also, that tent over his crotch, classic. 
your choice of clothing or underwear does not correlate to consent or willingness to have sex and anyone who has ever even insinuated this is a fucking pig this world is disgusting and i hate it #thisisnotconsent 
here’s another personal character his name is what the fluff. wtf’s personality: he’s a strange creature and he’s very confused. he makes all sorts of animals sounds as he doesn’t even know what he is. but he’s a sweetheart and very mischievous as well. 
and conversion therapy is better? might want to take that to the cma and the ama, they would beg to differ. 
that idea is very gorgeous to me 
i've got the #chargers teased down to -1 but i never trust rivers and this team no matter what regime is in charge. other half of teaser was steelers 0. 
thanx, this is like watching a car crash:( 
this is no coincidence. we just have to open our eyes. the holy spirit is moving upon those who diligently seek him. thank you @ weekndvigilante … 
john ward is a national treasure, just like you sol. both of you, keep up the great work! it's about the only thing that keeps me sane these days. 
wait this guy is still in the music industry? 
*this is me right now* 
yo my sister look amazing guys ok she aint my real sister but she feels like one she is so beautiful … 
so about 10 mins ago some jackass was driving his beater car thru the parking lot at my building... he did 2 laps around, apparently bouncing off at least 3 cars (thankfully missed mine)... one guy tried chasing him on foot but... cops are on their way but the jackass is gone. 
oh my god is that some ass in the park? 
i would bet anything brown is hiding a knife behind his back. he got it from paul ryan! … 
nah i’m playing the first one is fake this is how it actually played out 
anything is possible, as the saying goes 
this is a myth and a lie, emily. i get you don't like corbyn, but are you incapable of disliking him without lying? we're in an age of post-truthism, and you're contributing to it. fact is (according to angela eagle) he was campaigning up and down the country with the 1/2 
farmers are definitely looking for opportunities for revenue when it’s not raining and solar is great for that. however network capacity has been maxed out in most places, with major risks of getting gazumped on spare capacity after investing in the approvals process. 
okay but consider: horizon zero dawn is amazing 
this shit is smart … 
this is exactly how i be stubborn 
why tf is kay cook all over my timeline like tf happened? y’all know damn well she ain’t my favorite person so what tf happened? 
here is our monthly update on our #midcap mutual fund recommendations. read to find out the changes. … 
it can beat sd660 in performance but gpu is not as strong as sd660 
my now old boss just came in to give me a hug and tell me bye and how sad he is i’m leaving and now i’ll always have a home at br. and i just want to cry bc i appreciate him so much & how amazing he has been to me 
y’all....a wrinkle in time is so deep i’m on the verge of tears 
trump is pathetic. … 
this project is the best i have ever seen.and i hope that the project will be listed soon … 
brady has perfected playing in his system and his decision making is impeccable. he doesn't subject himself to having to make too many plays out of the pocket at the risknof injury. brady's qb athleticism is undderrated because of this 
a new @ 620wtmj mobile #brewers extra innings podcast is up. -we give our thoughts on christian yelich winning the nl mvp. -it's also part 2 of 3 of our prospect rundown w/ @ brewcrewball's brad ford ( @ brewcrewblue). listen: 
wiz berner paradise is the ode to genuinity 
need to throw in the towel on insults. you hairline is non existent, is burning your dome is the goal? picking on people when u have zipper lips is not a good idea. i am sure u were a bully in high school who never went anywhere with your life. so u troll the net for attention 
. @ ocasio2018 is showing us her own 21st century take on fdr's fireside chat … 
uhhh im four years late but i was wondering if you still had any gf prints? haha im looking for cute gf stuff to decorate with and your art is lovely 
suppressing “negative” emotions isn’t the right thing to do. learning how to feel, interpret and process and then figure out a plan of action when they do occur is what needs to be done. 
my baby is glowing … 
media crisis has much to do with the increasing influence of social media. companies are now getting desired results by spending much less on sm. rs 10,000 on fb is more useful than 400,000 worth dawn ad. our company had print media budget of 12mn last year. this year 3mn. 
taeyong jaehyun johnny and donghyuck watching bohemian rapsody is gay culture 
me: i have a qp and a girlfriend and i love them both very much i'm so happy my anxiety: so what you're saying is i should make you vividly imagine them both having asthma attacks and you being unable to do anything to help 
