id	turn1	turn2	turn3	label
0	Update on grandma	Why didn’t I get one from you	I’m so sorry	others
1	My life lol	bitch the only drama in yo life is which color mustang you trying to pull up today	That’s already enough for me	others
2	I've been single for a week... already I'm dating again. Lmfao. Fok I'm a serial jolist.	When we say it you are ready to swing punches	it's not your place	others
3	I HATE	You should see our text thread I can’t	She’s the she devil lmao	others
4	... I just won tickets in the lottery to Elf. How was it?	Meh	Thanks. That’s disappointing but for $30...	others
5	someone make me an Apple Music playlist pls	I would but you’d probably know all the shit on there bc we have the same damn music taste lmaoo	pls do it anyway lmao I’m honestly so tired of my playlists	others
6	Thing I wrote about the TV side of Thursday morning's	Good analysis here!  Also...	ARBY'S!!!	others
7	Ok brb	no	I knew it. I knew u were obsessed with me	others
8	Am I a good boy	ur the goodest boy ever ily	:'0 ily too :'D	others
9	I want to become a member of my HOA board so I can outlaw multi-colored Christmas lights.	You wouldn’t like one of the trees at my house then	Do ya thang girl!!	others
10	i finally finished s1 of daiya today (thank u k^2 for screaming with me) and to the surprise of no one, i still stan kuramochi the fucking most and want to give him the whole entire world	i wanna start that show ;;;; everything i see for it looks so good!	PLEASE DO!!!! the characters are phenomenal and it’s such a realistic sports anime! absolutely top-tier!	others
11	Me on $1 shot night:	When you handed me your cup of straight tequila at river grille and said “here drink this, I have to go throw up”	I’m dead I don’t know why I was given straight tequila	others
12	What happened?	Hammer crashes every time I open my map, or any map for that matter.	Oh no, just when I wanted to edit my map to test the new resources, seems like I will have to wait... Thank you for the info.	others
13	now we're fuckin talkin	Keith play nice. I can't believe I've had to say that	i am i love playing with myself	others
14	Instagram, at one point, took me out not reality.  I used to get upset that my pictures only got 50 likes.  Until someone told me to imagine 50 people standing in front of my photograph. It totally shifted my way of thinking.	Y did u care about numbers?	At one point, I was under the impression that it validated the quality of my work.	others
15	So who’s coming to ROA with me & Lauren then....we’ve already debated getting a flight home Saturday instead of tomorrow to see it again	I have to wait till April but I’m seeing it 4 times hope you’re enjoying it!!	It’s insane honestly !! High key wanna see it again tomorrow but we’ve got a flight to catch	others
16	I CANT WAIT TO SEE THIS. SAFIYA IS SUCH A QUEEN AAAAAA	She's she only good part	So I’ve heard! but everything places in comparison to saf	others
17	Believe In You .	Brotherrrrr	My sister !	others
18	I don’t think I would possibly wish this on my worst enemy, life is unfair	love you	I love u	others
19	youtube rewind 2018 wad wonderfully produced, i dont know why everyone hates it	theres a yt rewind 2018-	yES NINJA IS IN IT	others
20	How I wish I could meet you earlier you are just like a star that shines brightly in my life. Thank you for existing my star, I shall wait till the 12th Star to see wanna one reunite again  I CAN’t make it nice,I suck:”)	Pretttyy laa	My Athena pretty too hehe	others
21	who tryna do 40 sentences in spanish for me	me fag	will u really	others
22	If my car insurance was in my name with my legit details	If you put ‘pleaselowerthrprice’ as the promo code you get 25% off	If only	others
23	He loves his Rangers teddy	He’s so cute!!	Thank you he’s a wee menace at times but I love him	others
24	i keep thinking about This and Them	AAA oh my god i remember t1ing this event for megumi fjhksdas it was wild we love a Bop...	its really good..	others
25	Enjoying his gluten free, vegan cheese	Thank you for sharing... I have RT as the pizza looks good & your boy is looking quite pleased...!	He loved it! Enjoyed every mouthful and has a slice saved for tomorrow	others
26	No Lebron	Look at the time of this tweet.	Yeah I saw my bad	others
27	And now I cry	AHHHHHHH	I love me some soulmates	others
28	It hits you hardest at night.	lol all that means is I need some new friends	I can’t stand you	others
29	Self-awareness is not his strength.	It’s also just completely and needlessly disrespectful of a kid who was a pretty damn good college player.	Right. So tone deaf. It's actually comical.	others
30	Trying to become more involved with you guys over here in Twitterland! Anyone got any questions, comments or concerns? I’m here to reply to all!	is there a tour coming in the future??	2019 is a big year!	others
31	That's no teaser trailer, that's a full trailer! Fingers crossed we see NO Spider-man, but LOTS of Gyllenhaal! I'm hopeful that with Sony and Marvel working together on this it won't take away from A4. Regardless, I'm so stoked to see what they show us!!	Very intrigued for what they have in store...	With that Gyllenhaal video he put out yesterday, I'm hoping we see quite a bit of him in the trailer! But until then all my hype is for tomorrow's A4 trailer!	others
32	Oh look, they’re delivering	Keep talkin ish homeboy	I guess they never miss, huh	others
33	Aston taking a leaf out of Jag's book with a drop-in, reversible electric powertrain swap for classics:	This is mad. I swear I remember watching as a kid, tv shows etc where classic looking cars ran on mad future tech... and here we are	Downside: the Jag version is about 300k pounds. Zing!	others
34	never again with creza bets	I’m screaming Rafis £100 thank god i didn’t listen	5-2 up last map for my beans and they get runny bum	others
35	*breathes*	Wha	what's there to be confused about?	others
36	sweedarte your header I keekin me. Whoosh	Thank you, dear. It’s by the grace of God, dear	Or it’s the bills you are spending on yourself. Geddit?	others
37	Was pondering a new Nick & Willikins Christmas Special for this year but we've done tons (tonnes?) of those and I'm not sure there's a lot left to say. ...maybe an Aaron Faucet Christmas Special?	Trying to figure out what that might be. Fuck, I actually have an idea...	I was half-kidding, but if you wanna bash this around tomorrow we can do that.	others
38	Going to make some of	I do love those - they are so fast to whip up (and so tasty)	I'm trying to make finger food. Have bought cookie cutters. Doing three smaller line inside fancy shapes may be the difficult bit, but will do it in advance and cross my fingers!	others
39	Let’s eat some mushrooms and go to the circus	You won’t!	Maybe I will	others
40	Not that anyone will answer but rt/ reply to be in a Niall gc I’m gonna make  -be nice -be active -take a joke -send memes -love and appreciate Niall (the other boys r welcome as well) -tomorrow we’ll all freak out about the album	YES IM IN	Omg yes please help a sister out	others
41	Nice to meet you Wesker	You too Lex	How are you doing?	others
42	Great job. Time to relegate myself to div4 because div2 rewards are complete ^*+% right now. Oh, but as long as you sell packs right? What a company..  - a fut founder and player since fifa 97.	What's the best way to relegate myself, just score own goals?	Haha yes that or just score 1 og and quit	others
43	Need to start 1 in place of injured James Connor. Mack shut down last week, dealing with concussion issues previously. Dion only getting 6 carries last week. Carson dealing with a bad finger. James White having touches taken by Burkhead.	White	really worried he gets even more carries and targets taken away by Burkhead this week	others
44	I'm testing something ignore this	HOW	I JUST PRESSED DOWN ON THE TWEET FOR A REALLY LONG time until it copied to clipboard et voila	others
45	A LTC in my unit threw a temper tantrum today because a document he was supposed to sign wasn’t converted to PDF from word for him. He claimed he was too busy to convert it himself.	This LTC is obviously Paul Manafort	You are correct	others
46	How I wish I could meet you earlier you are just like a star that shines brightly in my life. Thank you for existing my star, I shall wait till the 12th Star to see wanna one reunite again  I CAN’t make it nice,I suck:”)	janice YOURE PRETTYYY	Says the prettier one	others
47	It was not a cold day today, but the 14-yo boy was wearing summer sandals on his bare feet. He explained it was because he was in a rush. ^^;	Teenagers!	They sometimes have a different point of view ^^;	others
48	Ily	*gets u one made and mailed to my house* I’ll let u know when it comes in babes	I loveessss youuuuu	others
49	hey friends! Do gifs not autoplay on the iOS or Android app by default? Trying to find a way to make them autoplay without opening a new window. Thanks!	Unfortunately this is a known bug, sorry! For now, you should be able to play GIFs by tapping on them.	Okie dokie! Thanks for the response. Any chance there's a place to follow along the progress in the bug fix? I suppose one day I'll wake up and it'll just work.	others
50	Fortnite is the best game of all time.	Star Wars battlefront 2	Dude it’s Mayes!	others
51	Had my first trip to a supermarket plating Christmas songs last night. Fortunately no Last Christmas, but I found I was dreading it coming on. Whereas I loudly sang Slade, to the bemusement of most. So still no	I've given in. Was humming Winter Song yesterday.	Quite right. It's only Wham I'm trying to avoid.	others
52	IF YA 555 I’M 666	And I’m 777	there’s the energy	others
53	cooking is love, love is OK I don't really understand this catchphrase but I definitely like it!	Cooking is meme.	I think you are right.	others
54	Yikes!! I'm only retweeting because it's	Says a lot about him! First year on the team and he's already making a huge impact in the community. I will always miss and think of him as a Dolphin.	Stand up guy!! Love him and God I miss him!!	others
55	Thank me ltr trickshotters ;)	been knew this and i don’t even play the game	It just came out gee , some people might’ve not know that you can keep jumping around with it	others
56	Tagging the first ten suggested	Your such a nice friend and such a sweet person! Im glad i can get to call you my friend <3	aaaaaa that means so much to me, thanks Bleo!! ;w; I'm grateful to have you as one of my best friends	others
57	Really excited to have finalised the JD for our new	A very exciting & informed initiative. Best of luck!	Thanks... we are making a good start but there will be lots of learning along the way.... fingers crossed	others
58	Funny how your name is Kamau	From Kemetic meaning, meaning The Silent Warrior and Black	Kamau is actually a Kenyan name, where Nairobi is located	others
59	What if I told you she’s wearing R20 Satin . I sell fabrics , I know my shit.	it’s my family’s shop it’s actually about R120 :)	But I meant no disrespect to Jerry’s Btw I know the owner personally	others
60	tomorrow is friday... and then the weekend	hooray!!	i can not wait	others
61	Mhmm	See you don’t care about me you just tryna finesse your way into getting some cake	Nah, I was waiting for you to invite me. You probably on your old people show	others
62	Is this what we’ve come to in 2018	Goooooorlaaaa	Girl I want to slap her ass. How more serious can you get?!	others
63	please check 2pm flight from Boston to LGA, seat 4D. My carry on under my seat is soaking wet and stinks of vomit.	Hello. Very sorry to hear about this. Did you inform our in-flight or airport team about this? *ARD	It's not the thing you normally check for, now is it?	others
64	I will continue to stream 2K but after I think I’m gonna have fun with twitch subs on Fortnite	Can I get in a game g?	I got you	others
65	i just started crying thinking about how amazing of a person taylor is and how lucky we are to have her in all of our lives	Super lucky cause she brought you into mine	i'm the luckiest cause i know you	others
66	All these O2 peeps moaning. There once was a day when there wasn’t such a thing as mobile data ya know?!	There once was a day there wasn’t such a thing as mobile Period	I know it’s hilarious how people are losing their minds over the whole O2 saga!	others
67	accidentally	Is it just Bezos in an Awesome-O costume?	i would not be surprised if bezos was controlling the robots for fun	others
68	while everyone plays red dead online. I still have fun riding around with Arthur... i won't let him go	I haven't touched online. I gotta finish this epilogue though so I can get back to my good boah. <3	I played only for 30 min.. i still want some trophies like the study animal and the 100% Trophy, so i still have a lot things to do. also some collectible missions. Hunting requests and challenges	others
69	We won 1 Prem away game in 2018 under Wenger, we've already won 4 under Emery. If you can't see any improvement, there's no hope for you.	That's more to do with wenger than Emery, ofc there was gunna be a improvement it couldn't get much worse could it	Could get much worse than 6th and 2 cup finals mate. You finished 8th not long ago, Chelsea 10th.	others
70	Okay so forgot to tag people but there you go...i am sort of scared but let me know.	Always glad to hear from lets talk JL	Tysm..You made me fell in love with the jade giant..the green goliath.	others
71	johnny depp ... he a nasty man and OVERRATED	this !!!!!	hermione, i am glad u agree.	others
72	Ok I received 3 travel plans for my upcoming Dec 23-31 Europe trip. I will be driving around small towns and then staying at a hotel each night to work remotely. Which one do y'all think I should do?	I’m Dutch, so obviously pretty biased. You could easily do both Belgium and the Netherlands though, depending on what you want to see/do.	I'm leaning towards my Netherlands route now! The places I'm thinking of hitting are: Leiden, Delft, Gouda, Utrecht and maybe Maastricht!	others
73	Vous protégez mieux vos enfants en leurs faisants confiance qu’en les enfermants ah j’vous l’dit	MERCI	Derien bb	others
74	Dad is a fucking bully. I should make him walk to work while I follow him in my car.	She was kicked off the bus, I’d have done the exact same. It’s called consequences for actions. A lesson few kids learn these days	You don't have to tell me. I made my 7th grader make apology letters to his teachers who he was doing poorly in because he wasn't trying.  My bully tweet was a joke. ;)	others
75	keep my name out your tweets and I thankyou	stay off my page we don’t follow eachother STANKKKKK	right tf thts what i’m sayin somebody sent it to me , don’t put my name in your tweets ! stink	others
76	i jus lived to 120 years in bitlife-	i was accidentally rich...	I WANNA BE A PORN STAR SO BAD BUT IT ALWAYS DECLINES MY INTERVIEW	others
77	pretty disappointed baby shark wasn’t in my top songs of 2018 :///	ily	omg i love u	others
78	This.	Stop. We're already being honest. Schiano would've brought that Penn State baggage with him.	I don’t disagree. I just wish it were the case that the uproar would’ve occurred because even if there was t any Penn St stuff. 1 game over .500 overall & a big time losing conf. record and a total failure in the nfl. It just showed they still weren’t taking football seriously	others
79	does the HPN scheduling and new My Fios work for anyone or is just us that it doesn't work?	What issues are you having? ^JC	new Myfios app scheduling does not work...also it seems turning off a device from interest on one device cannot be undone by another device and have to now be home to do any of this	others
80	90% of this week the universe was kicking me in the nuts, but, boarding my plane now to NZ makes it all worth it. See you soon motherland	Safe travels pal	Thanks!	others
81	i hope who ever i end up with wants cows just as much as i do	If not I’ll pay you to take care of mine when me and James are off working	that’s what i call REAL friendship	others
82	He honestly looks like a killer from the thumbnail jfc	she looks 14 i'm scared	I’m scared no matter what age she is he’s terrifying	others
83	It's my birthday please say a prayer for me and retweet it	Brother if less than 5 persons wished you well out of over 80 followers after 5hours of your post.... Please weed them off.	I already have my cutlass with me	others
84	I can't even describe the feeling I have right now. It's been a long road to Iota Land but I wouldn't want it any other way. Big thank you to my brothers for pushing me through, without…	MY BOOOYYYY TRENT !!!!!	My fuckin dawg	others
85	ITS HEREEEE	That’s so awesome!	they have alot of options!!! i love it	others
86	someone put a full face of makeup on for tonight	always so pretty	you’re such a sweetheart thank you my love	others
87	Tis’ the season to be jolly	"You forgot to add ""if you have money"""	Money is not always a determinant for happiness	others
88	Felix is currently livestreaming on YouTube to help raise money for CRY who help children in India suffering in poverty. Go check it out & let's smash that goal! If you can't afford to donate, please just help spread the word around for this good cause!	It is done	I’m so proud!	others
89	NHL Puppies Panthers ML -115 Flyers ML -115 Coyotes ML -105 CBB  Purdue -8.5 Fairfield -2.5	I dont think any of these are puppies lmao	Well they’ve been groomed a bit lol	others
90	owo	9	9. Hurts Like Hell - Fleurie	others
91	to whoever is reading this, keep in mind your dreams don’t have an expiration date, so take a deep breath and keep trying, it’ll take time but you got this	What if I dream about expiration dates	then... let’s hope uh... good luck with that	others
92	I’m about to make the dankest coffee in corona come to crave fuck Starbucks	You left Changs ?	I wish lol	others
93	Man like pan stop this	Not you too	nope I have not done this. I’m laughing at you zvangu.. leave people’s children	others
94	Tonnes of the add on packs in Smyths t'other week but no base pack. I like the ship toys but they a bit rich for casual buy.	fun fact in game you can buy the ships with currency earnt in game	Useful information.	others
95	I followed a fandom twitter for the first time and I'm experiencing an absolute adrenalin rush of content	f... for the first time?	twitters i follow just have people who really like things and will occasionally retweet stuff from their network of ppl with similar interests, not dedicated tag binges. its so much	others
96	News: Supporters Club Members - login for information on a Ticket Ballot for Six Nations. Yes - a ballot! Please note the club is closed to new members. Existing members can renew.	Hi, I am a member. Have not received the six nations email which you sent earlier regarding the ballot, (but my brother did) just wanted to make sure I am included in the ballot. Also why haven’t I received the email?	Sorted by email.	others
97	Tonight's ep im so proud xx	X	I thought Daz hit Kerry at first!!! Xx	others
98	Yankees need another bonafide ace period. An ok pitcher won't cut it. We need a stud.	Idk if one is out there to have right now unless we make a move for Kluber i guess?	Cashman can't have another Verlander/Cole situation here. He needs to go out and get Kluber.	others
99	Moonchild don't cry When moon rise, it's your time  LOOK HOW PRETTY THE MOON IS JOON	Here to stan fellow moonchildren, and moonchildren only	i love you:((((	others
100	The Bee hive really doesn’t vacation on Spotify	LOL ZERO	Less than an hour of listens and in the top 22% of bee stans?!? I’m going to honeycomb hell	others
101	if you’re a vegetarian achievement hunter fan with plenty of disposable income don’t waste your money on ultra xxxx	okay mum	bc of the bbq xxxxx just a funny joke xxxxxxx just havin a laff xxx	others
102	Here is my new video of my new team I love yes I am the jaz man and follow who I want to and no body will tell me who to follow	You should become a Protestant while your at it cause your Catholic Church is failing just as bad as united	I not a Catholic man I'm a born again Christian	others
103	Good thing my supply of outrage seems endless.	Foster care in the US has been this awful unceasingly but it's so unbelievable&shame-ridden for families noone comprehends it. Ps: 1 in 3 girls,1 in 6 boys get molested in foster care(I was: not by my mom, by foster staff/families...so process money outrage in that context. Ehem.	Thanks for giving me that perspective. I was reacting to the far less troubling fact in front of my face without knowing the magnitude of the problem in the wider context of a whole system. I hope I didn’t offend.	others
104	i think my cousins been questioning their gender for like 3 years and omg i just saw their insta and the bio is ‘year 4 // savage // my name is Dash’ LIKE WHAT AN ICONIC NAME,, TRANSITIONING FROM DAISY TO DASH AT 8 YEARS OLD	they have insta at 8 years old??? i??	boi one of my cousins had 17k subs on youtube at 8 years old,, they’re true influencers	others
105	Met a nigga from the city, introduced me to real and I don’t want to go back.	What song is this?	I was writing a poem about someone and decided to tweet that	others
106	So Linus74 who will you stand with?	I'm grateful for Flynn's service to our country  It's a shame he got mixed up in 's shady dealings I also appreciate the information he provided Mueller Going to be interesting to see how some folks react when the other shoe drops	When the shoe drops and i am wrong. I will be the first to admit it. If the other shoe falls will you admit you were wrong? What info. did he give Mueller? I have not seen any. If you have somewhere I can look it up please share.	others
107	Adding a video from a rich content editor in	It won't work in chrome or it will?	Oops. Will. I wish I could edit my tweet.	others
108	Accidentally posted some tweets to my personal account instead of this account and had a cute girl unfollow...	That’s tough man	Better now then the next time I'm running through campus at 9pm singing about the Ottawa Senators!	others
109	Officially done with my first semester of grad school!	That’s awesome! Good for you, Jordie!!	Thanks Chels!	others
110	you removed the pride flag	It’s back my love	It's better now	others
111	Everytime I see Zenith ingame I think it's the Sushi Master. lmao	what about lynx i think it's DJ Yonder always	when I see a lynx I'm like, What the fuck is that skin? xd	others
112	And he hugs his players	Living in your head, free of monthly rentals!	Inject it into my veins G.	others
113	my baby	precious	Me w my pug	others
114	Are you someone who follows me AND interacts with my posts, likes, retweets or comments regularly? If so, I want to make sure I'm following you back.  Let me know if I'm not please	Follow back would be appreciated	I thought i was... Now following you. Thanks	others
115	So this arrived at my house today. 10 years of more or less focused development has finally come to and end.	Lovely cloth xD	Very vintage	others
116	these never match but anyways last	UR SO PRETTY	THANK U BB	others
117	Lost in Chadstone. What the hell has happened to this place in the last year?	I went there as a kid & it was just 1 straight strip of shops. From Myer 1 end to the escalators at the other. It's like a small city these days! I hate going there & only go with my daughter occasionally, as I'd NEVER get out on my own, & definitely would never find my car!	I hear you!	others
118	...	The tracks kinda hard uno	well that’s only because of Dax and Crypt the concept of the track is really bad tho, the track itself ain’t all that bad	others
119	transfer to euw im sick of seeing you not in the division you deserve to be i want to carry u	Gonna say fuck being a wagecuck and become a neet in eu	my life in a nutshell on the left	others
120	What’s the best way 2 self teach yourself a language???	Omg just don’t I swear	I wanna learn Swedish	others
121	folks what are ur fav sta/rbucks drinks for the winter. also do u prefer hot drinks in winter or do u not care	i cant answer because i always just order the same thing	I MEAN SAME, i asked bc i only get iced tea LOL	others
122	u watchin the mosconi?	Nah I’ve watched any mate. Ain’t even watched much snooker either tbh! We winning?	Na gettin battered	others
123	Omg why are people talking about dramas to you? Lol	Lool idek. I have never watched paki serial except Bashar Momin. my cc is whole fun. People actually talk real things.	What is cc? Also dont like much dramas but since i sit with mom i have to sometimes watch em. Such low iq shitty serials.	others
124	So still nobody dey fit beat me for iMessage Basketball ?	Archery? niihector@icloud.com	I can’t seem to find you . Koleteimartey@gmail.com	others
125	Headline: RBA suggests it has ammunition and the will to use it to avoid an economic slowdown, Twitter gets mad	Can we not tolerate a “slow down”? Gee they must REALLY be worried.	We can tolerate a slowdown for sure but they won’t want a full-blooded crash	others
126	Seems our gym boi Buildy found some part time job to help out his income! Working as Santa Helper on that Mall is bound to save it and rise the Xmas sales! >>>4K on Patreon<<<	Seem like his stocking is VERY stuffed.	And that's as small as he can be!	others
127	Listen cuz I’m vex	Youuuuuuu never went?! “WOW” I’m fully shocked	I know even my mum asked me why didn’t I go. I played myself	others
128	I think this is the worst year for the dingo Dollar challenge..	Honestly they have been rubbish!! I’ve won every one	I think all the viewers have!!	others
129	AND IT BEGINS!!!	I keep saying this.. Alexa is unplugged BUT I tell her that she’s apart of the family every time I walk by	Good. Gotta take precautions at this time.	others
130	First of all what nigga in his right mind want a bitch that made the word “flewing” to suck his dick	Neck might be flames lmaoao	I’m sure it’s girls with fire neck that know Flewing me is not a word	others
131	"When you check into a Yorkshire hotel, dreaming of a quality ale in the bar, ask what bitters do you have and they say....""John Smith's!"""	Wrong Smiths you want	I know and they have none	others
132	apparently my fkn adblocker was blocking etsy purchases??	LOLOLOL	im so mad...i didnt know it could do that??	others
133	So, who fucked our democracy?	to name a few	Good list. Start of a list.	others
134	I love Christmas	Seen the same tree the other day on the roundabout in farnworth. Went past this morning and it's gone	what are you trying to say?	others
135	Getting ready to record the Crosstown Shootout edition of the Dana & Victory Podcast. Send any and all questions/topics you'd like to hear addressed on the show.	Who has the edge in a fight, Mick or Travis? They appear to be of similar height, mich def has more weight on him and has some W T in him but Travis has age in his side and he looks to be in much better shape physically	Can I get a definition on W T?	others
136	we have a drake stan over here!	mais pas du tout	let's get this girl a TICKET!	others
137	This type of parenting is trash. Smfh	Why?	I hate when parents post shit like this online to basically embarrass them.	others
138	Fact. Either that or he’s another one with a cave spouse.	He talks white ! He not gonna like it until she cheats and gets him locked up! Even white men are fed up and going Asian	Lmaooooo well whatever he gets, he deserves!!!	others
139	You lot forget that Ferdi was gonna call the feds on the breh that hit him	Skdjdkf	I wish the feds grabbed that nigger on the bike because if they did, none of this would have fuckin happened	others
140	I been having a steady migraine for the past 3 days	Drink water dork	I am! Trust	others
141	I’m going to edit my girlfriends face on to a gnat	nvm i hate you now	Ahaahhaahaha but imagine your face on a gnat	others
142	There's something about her... I can't put my finger on it.  Oh wait The cackling Always pissing me off Always being selfish when it comes to trials  Trying too hard to be liked Fleur doesn't deserve to do the celebrity cyclone... So get her out	Have you not just described Emily too?	She's being herself. Fleur is trying too hard. There's a difference.	others
143	Love the idea of this morning routine but not so sure about a 5 am start! Any thoughts on a 10-10-10 breakdown	I did 10.20.0 once when I woke up at 6.30. Think 20 mins exercise is way better. Might try exercise + podcast together if late? also said some people do do their hour at 6...	Good to know, and thanks for your thoughts. Will try it out and see how I go.	others
144	SAY WHAT	you heard me.	This is the best news I heard today	others
145	Was the Irish flag not wrong there??	No it was correct..	It wasn’t....they pulled Ivory Coast	others
146	"i dont wanna post pics of me dressed for the rain/cold cuz im wearing a thick ass beanie with a hoodie, a shirt under with a fluffy jacket, & 2 pairs of pants cuz i know ppl in the east coast/england/rest of europe are gonna be like ""ur such a puthy"""	puthy	shut up u know as well as i do how much we freak out when it gets cold/rains in LA	others
147	Wow Barca > Madrid I'm sold	Fuck outta here	Till ya bump 69 yes lol	others
148	oh canadian netflix has yes man maybe I should rewatch yes man	I can't wait for 100 dipshits to pile into de_dust.	unfortunately it's only like, 18 people iirc but	others
149	ok but this :( I never want to fall out of love w anyone I’m a fan of	Same	imagine parting with ur fandom and then putting all of your things like merch, albums, lightsticks etc in a box and in storage and forgetting about it only to find it again many years later when you’re moving and you have to decide to keep all of it or not	others
150	“its the one time in her life that she gets to see me and even though this happens to me everyday, it’s her one time and my thousand, and i know it’s important to her” WE DONT DESERVE HIM	wait when did he say this!!!!?	it’s a recent interview, the videos on @ SMendesQ&A	others
151	hello just a note to friends i may have made soft plans with: i probably wont be making it to austin in 2019! maybe i’ll see u all in 2020 which sounds like a fake year	i miss you already	I’m gonna start putting money away and just seeing what happens but i don’t think its meant to be this time round!	others
152	Let’s get to know each other a little better. What have you been listening to this year?	Mine is prefaced with the fact the kids share my account now. Don’t judge me.	Mine’s shared with the house Spotify, so there is a slight risk of 3am ex yugo turbofolk pop... but that’s part of the fun!	others
153	I mean she only says no like a ton of times in the song and he doesn’t stop so yeah kinda rapey	Does he rape her? No. No man has ever raped a woman because of this song. It's harmless	How do you quantify how this song influences rapists? You can’t.	others
154	My best friend really deserves the world. Always you	and so do you, ily	i love you more	others
155	It’s not what I meant... you forgot “favorite”	Aren't I your favourite?	“Babe, did you read everything we said? She forgot to add that I was her favorite.”	others
156	Crypto Twitter  Meet Lil Bull Of Bitcoin  He will become the greatest degen crypto trader of all time  His biggest scalp will be liquidating Arthur at 12 years old	Congrats!!	Thanks	others
157	my moots still think bst is better than fake love this is why i’m leaving the fandom	dont forget to take off the dunce cap on ur way out	i think you mean my intellectual cap	others
158	A shark, khakis & loafers, a bad joke...this has you written all over it.  Beware the Fee Shark: Full documentary	Well I guess I know what my personal brand is huh	I mean...you can see it, right?	others
159	with your pro challenge topping the leader board wow you were fast	It was a very exciting pro challenge this evening Joyce. katya & Graziano were sensational!	They were brilliant, so fast. I didn't see yesterday's ITT as I was out but I noticed Kevin had beat Gio. So pleased for Katya, & a good first pro challenge for Graziano	others
160	Okay I want	I’ve got Pinocchio and the shoe x	I really want these	others
161	love my new christmas layout	i absolutely hate you.	watch me cry!	others
162	COINCIDENCE? I DONT THINK SO	Time to tattoo my whole body that color	just go outside w/o sunscreen for a bit	others
163	fucking pathetic	MAGA	faggot	others
164	Keep all this private.., proceeds to publicly tweet about it	Could even be fake beef	Who gives a frog? Yet another attention seeking publicity stunt	others
165	Option 1. Who wants to be my friend? Option 2 . My drinking buddy? Option 3 . My blood donor or Option 4.:All three. ?	How about just one and two?....Although, maaaybe my blood has my crazy in it?..	That sounds good to me love. Although I am very curious how your blood tastes. *Bex Smirks at the other female. *	others
166	Thank you	is that the band that opened for Brand New a couple years back in Richmond?	Haha yeah man! My gf brought that up the other day. I didn't realize it at the time that that's who it was	others
167	WELL looks like i’m gonnanbe in my apartment all night	You’re not	I can’t believe it	others
168	My brain is completely fucked.	yep	Well thanks man love the support from you	others
169	D put me on one of yo friends , im tryna see sum	who	idk , a fine junt	others
170	Everyone’s outfits vs Blair’s	He dresses like a straight guy...	I meant all the color in his outfit versus the 50 shades of black in everyone else’s.	others
171	I fucking hate people who are so RUDE	Me too	Relatable	others
172	Well this was a surprise.	When did you sign up for?	I honestly have no idea when I signed up haha. But Im in Philly if thats any help. Looking forward to the show tomorrow!	others
173	┏┓  ┃┃╱╲ in ┃╱╱╲╲ this ╱╱╭╮╲╲ house ▔▏┗┛▕▔ we ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲   ABSOLUTELY DO NOT  QUIT AND RESTART ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲  ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔	Can I move in	There's always space!	others
174	AHHHHHH! LOOK!! COYOTE SCRUNCHIESSSSS! THEY’RE SO SQUISHY AND CUTEOMGI NEVER REALIZED HOW ADORABLE COYOTE SCRUNCHIES WERE	Ren: Henh, henh, coyotes look silly.	Hey! Leave my teef alone ok! I can’t help it >:B	others
175	It’s a great day when president Trump can get godless liberals to discuss the apostles’ creed.	Honey... I’m not sure if you’re aware of this, but Donald Trump is a godless liberal. You worship at the altar of a godless liberal.	Honey...I’m not sure if you’re aware of this but godless liberal Trump got you guys to talk about the apostles creed like a bunch of good little sheep.	others
176	mark saving me from the hungry pit<33 i’m cry laughing why did someone post this	What happened!?	matty stage dived and the crowd lost its shit, i got pushed back like 3 rows and couldn’t see/breathe so i had to ask mark to get me out lol	others
177	I see Huawei arrest as a catalyst for high multiples on value tech and non-china dependent companies. Two major events occurred: 1. West (Canada/US) is now aligned with IP protection 2. Leverage into negotiations	(This is a really really intriguing thought, thanks for sharing)	As a serial tech entrepreneur and VC investor in the bay area, I’ve seen so many blatant attempts by Chinese companies and state-backed funds who attempt to deprive true spirit of innovation and entrepreneurism in the US. A co-ordinated effort by the west is exactly what we need.	others
178	any advances on this for the least cool song on your?  I’ve got Johnny Logan’s Hold Me Now in mine so shouldn’t really be throwing stones around this glass house.	My entire is a tribute to Hamilton... I know I got carried away after seeing it, didn't realize I got this carried away...	there’s a fair bit on mine too. Just amazing wasn’t it?	others
179	Daily Chart (bitmex	hey bro, just curious- why would it be bullish if volume is increasing and price is dropping? that is a confirmation of a downtrend to me.	Bullish divergence. On a larger timeframe like the daily it indicates the price action will ultimately start to rise as well - (as long as volume continues to rise that is). It won't be a game changer or market reversal, just potentially 10% up or so. Then back down most likely.	others
180	Yeah I deadass been tweaking. Ain’t studied all week like my finals ain’t the first part of the week	sound like you not going out this weekend.	Oh I wasn’t planning on it anyways.. it’s too cold to be going anywhere! Lmao	others
181	I’m just putting this cunt right out there I EAT BOUNTYS and I’m proud	Second that like!	I’m standing up for us bounty eaters	others
182	I fucking hate soccer in PE	I fucking hate basketball in PE	I want hockey to come around	others
183	if it did look like that none of you wouldve even cared lets be honest	that’s the point lmfao people are just upset about this because luke is front middle	honestly if it was anyone but luke no one wouldve said a peep	others
184	Favorite Peppa Pig line....Ohhhhhhh!	When peppa hangs up on suzi because she can whistle.	That episode is tattooed onto my brain	others
185	Has anyone tried colourpop foundation?? also someone recommend me a new foundation	Big of maybelline fit me matte! Sooo good! And makeup revolutions foundation is also pretty good. I’ve heard mixed things about colourpop foundation so I haven’t tried it yet	ooh okay so i’ve heard such good things about makeup revolution in general so I might have to look into that. also I love the fit me concealers but for some reason have never tried the foundation thank you!!	others
186	Prisons are a tool of class warfare. They must not exist. This should not be controversial.	I feel that this is overly simplistic. Like all tools of class warfare we seek to abolish them, however they serve a historic purpose. What are we to do with enemies of the people's state? Kill them? That's barbaric, exile them? Then they'll just become tools of imperialism...	Ye sure, but prisons as they are shouldn’t exist. Not just their material form but their use in structural oppression. They have to be re-conceptualised as rehabilitation centres	others
187	Looking forward to sleep tonight	Hiiiii pepperoni	Mocha don’t get blocked :)	others
188	i know you might not like to talk about Assassins Creed all day, seeing as you worked on it tirelessly for years, but it's a hell of a game. - you can save a girl descended from Odysseus  - you can convince her to seek her own legacy - amazonian smooches	Yaaaaas	Who's your favorite love interest in the game?	others
189	Haha oh god what the fuck is going on anymore	Do people think intelligence can be measured the same way as power levels in Dragon Ball?	I mean Power Levels and IQ are both bullshit, so I think that's how it works.	others
190	when you with your maggot ass friends don’t discuss me	Look atchu getting cultured	ahaha don’t play me that close	others
191	I’ve gone 5 weeks with no alcohol. Can’t say I feel any different but it nice not to wake up totally dehydrated....	Sleep any better? Whenever I go dry I seem to sleep like a baby.	Not sure, I used to sometimes struggle getting off to sleep and I’ve not had that...could be linked	others
192	My friends literally have so many nicknames for me	Vomit	I was waiting for this comment	others
193	Nae blowing my trumpet but my songs 2018 playlist on Spotify is a belter, did myself good	Caledonia paulo nutini or the gambler on repeat is it?	You ken me too well	others
194	People cryin about as if they wanted it to happen, shut up please	Can't believe O2 has done this tbh.	Why are there no gifs of the meme	others
195	goodnight	omg hags sleep so early	i was tired okaaaayyyyy	others
196	my bitch want da faithful kings ONLY!	emphasizes on KING. dykes stay home.	MSMSMSMS I KNO DAS RIGHT ENOUGH OF DAT PUSSY ON PUSSY FOOLERY	others
197	Whats your insta? — GoldenSpitt	I’m following maybe i can learn to pose ha	Lmao I barely can	others
198	We’re going to	Rahaaaaf! congratulations, so proud of you! I’m not surprised!	Oh Razan Thank you!! I can’t wait to create with you in the future and see where you go!	others
199	Had confirmation that my scoping review on speech, language and swallowing symptoms in is so important in this highly under-researched area	An area of interest for me too Caz, would also love to know where I can find this!	It'll be in the International Journal of Language and Communication Disorders. Not sure when yet but will tweet the reference when it's out!	others
200	Someone buy me subway after school	I got u	Omg ily	others
201	Is it selfish to want to do the	No one said you had to share.	I’ve been given the green light to be selfish	others
202	She’s a tad nervous and shy because she’s new here.	Maaaaaaaaaaaaaakoto! Hello!	“Hello, Futaba! How’s your day been?”	others
203	- there might be a possibility that JK was in Tae's live - Tae was wearing JK's shirt in his live with Tan - Dispatch said that there is a gay couple out there from a boy group that is very popular - JK's selca in Tae's room - and now Taehyung's double bed PREPARE BEAUTIES <333	Oook, Tae was wearing Jin's pants	Didn't notice that, but the way members always share clothes is adorable	others
204	Everyone's year was different, but this is how 2018 sounded to me. Get yours.	Das a lot of minutes!	I wanna see yours!!	others
205	For anyone who cares about me (honestly, )!	Curses...foiled again.....	I’m sure you’ll try again! Eternal vigilance is the price of my life!	others
206	as many in the Ministry of JCS & The JCS Army know on october 4th my sis tpassed o cancer last month we laid her to rest last month and a lil over 2 months later it still is a loss with christmas coming up & all	Damn bro never knew that sorry for your loss	it's alright bro all that talk bout this being a month or last few months made me think of it :(	others
207	PLS I RLY DONT TWEET THAt nSFW THOE XJJDNDND	lie again	Zhxhdhshhs it’s like only like 1 or 2 tweets. A day	others
208	aaaa como eu amo echosmith	eca	C H A T O N A	others
209	Man The Graduate really captured what it feels like to be in your mid 20s	Damnit yss yet another movie I havent seen that now I have to, that makes what? 80 so far?	It’s really good too lol	others
210	Preparing for landing in Atlanta as stopover. Hoping the transit will be as smooth as the flight was. Next stop Nashville for	"Yay! Hope to see you :-) If you get a minute and want to come share your ""WordPress story"" with me, I'd love to record it for a future podcast episode."	Are you at the airport in Atlanta currently? I appreciate your request and I am looking forward to share my story with you.	others
211	Shit. Of the punk-New Wave bands The Buzzcocks were one of the very best.	watched in 1994 Finsbury park with Ian Dury and thre blockheads and Madness	Blimey - what a gig. Loved Ian Dury- remember the day my elder bruv came home clutching 'NEW BOOTS & PANTIES'.	others
212	Good morning, off to the Secret Diner at Sudbury Prison for the cycling group’s Christmas lunch; hope they let me out afterwards!	Enjoy your morning porridge	Haha, very droll!! Three course meal plus coffee and mince pie for £12; very good value!xx	others
213	thrilled to FINALLY say that i'm your new Vice President, Editorial Director of	Well deserved	thank you king, let's lift soon	others
214	Hey	The gift that never stops giving, huh?	She tweets about my lunch and then blocks me. It’s odd behaviour	others
215	Clocked up a mile today well pleased with that	Well done my friend! How's the pain?	Thanks lovely, I bite the bullet sometimes today was tough going tbh and I didn't set out with any goals but took it slowly and rested after. Pain was ok but spasms in my right leg happen which is annoying xx	others
216	me vs. my to-do list before friday PM	If you know the rest of that GOT scene, this meme makes complete sense.	I don’t watch it so this makes me super happy	others
217	Anyone wanna sit at a bar with me and watch the Iowa vs Iowa State game tonight	YESSSSSS IM COMING TO SEE YOU	Not going to the barn actually. Going to the bar in Atl.	others
218	"christians don't ""send prayers to"" people we pray to God He sees our tweets, yes but He also likes the One on one"	Ever think the job of God has got to be sooooo distracting...  He may know what you need before you speak it... But sometimes a gentle reminder doesn't hurt... LOL	for a god with human limits it would seem that way, but He has no limits and needs no reminding	others
219	Vikings and a big mug of tea. Happiness	is the new season good? Stopped watching a while ago but tempted after i finish 4 series of black sails	Yep. I'm still enjoying it. Black Sails was enjoyable. Nice ending.	others
220	Did you buy tickets to the Cheez It Bowl?	3rd row, section 5, behind the TCU bench	So close, nice!	others
221	Kissy kiss?	Kiss!	*Feeling like hiding in my box * You see it's huge carboad box covered in Pokemon stickers and mlp and Bioshock stickers*	others
222	Any good podcast recommendations?	If you like spooky & paranormal things please give us a listen!	Sounds great! Check us out at your leisure:)	others
223	A lot of people love me— I’m sorry if you have bad taste.	I love you	I miss you	others
224	Pause ?	OMGGGGG I MEANT MEAL UGH	Lmaoo well then	others
225	BTS, Pierce The Veil & The Neighbourhood	I live the neighborhood too. Been getting into them recently	They're great! I saw them at Lollapalooza and fell in love with them haha	others
226	You haven't tried Pure Bliss	I have.	It's too sweet and small	others
227	Remember....this is only if the stock price reaches above $360 and holders convert. If there's no convert	Couldn't they pay some in cash and some in stock?	No. If bonds are not converted Tesla must pay bonds off in cash.	others
228	My best friend took one of my photos and made it her own	thank you so much	Any day Shawt you know I’ll always support your craft	others
229	Wow only listened to 1,955 minutes of Spotify this year lol but in the top 16% of worldwide drake fans GET INNNN	why are your minutes so low	Not really a big music listener I guess and I use YouTube most of the time for some reason	others
230	It’s ok not to be ok. RIP Mick, big love to Kellie, Bev, John and all Mick’s family and friends. Xx	It's sad I know someone else who took their own lives. Wish I could help people! Good words by his wife xx	Yeah she’s an amazing woman xx	others
231	Green house is finished!The glasses are all frosted with ice crystals today	The glasses was not clear but so nice glass house	The glass is full of frost as it’s winter here it’s minus 8 C at the moment	others
232	je rentre que dans un critère, les grosses cuisses	Dommage y a pas la genance et la grande gueule	i love dab	others
233	If you don't see Paddington 2, you know it's rigged.	Marry poppins returns isn’t even out yet and it still got nominated?	It's premiered. And of course voting members will have received screeners, if Golden Globes operates like the Academy.	others
234	I haven’t stopped thinking about this all day like if Taylor popped up as a surpise at a concert I was at I would legitimately die??? I can’t cope when I’m actually PREPARED to see her let alone being surprised ???	She sang at an Ed show I was at once and when they brought out the red mic I lost my ability to act my mom said I just kept screaming she’s here over and over	Lmao that’s so funny hahahaha I honestly think I’d collapse	others
235	hey guys currently with . We r studying rlly hard.	i love thT u tagged the wrong erin but like by the tweets it definitely could be her	OMG I DIDNT EVEN NOTICE	others
236	An author writes a post at his own blog, and publishes it at an online magazine. Which would Google rank more highly:	Wouldn’t he be penalised for duplicate content? Though it would take into account the authority of the respective sites, surely?	Google has told us that they don't impose a duplicate content penalty. I have found a patent that talks about them trying to identify the primary version of duplicate content here:	others
237	YASSS ICANT WAITT!	Ahh this ship.But chalo atleast they will be seen together after years	Yesss! One of the only bollywood pairs I have truly loved chemistry wise after Ranbir & Deepika! I cant wait to see them again and I really hope it’s worth the wait!	others
238	Guess who just booked her ticket to US	Why not Canada!!!!	I will visit	others
239	Alright friends, momma’s getting cheese fries later. I’m also going to watch the sequel to that really cute Christmas movie with	oh oh what movie are you watching	It’s A Christmas Prince: the royal wedding	others
240	my eyes raining. I miss you budd	Ahhh Mgani,Wena Ong Lahlile	I will never	others
241	Look at these really awesome mushrooms I spotted next to the sidewalk on my way into work!	eat them.	I’m not going to eat them, Ryan! But I can box them up and ship them to you if you want to	others
242	The 2019 IEC season will open next week! As of Tuesday, December 4, 2018, you’ll be able to submit your profile if the pool for your country is open. In the meantime, find out if you’re eligible to apply for IEC:	Is Ukraine going to be included this year?   ?	1/2 Canada’s Youth Mobility Arrangement with Ukraine is temporarily suspended. At this time, the Department continues to work with Ukraine to explore potential avenues to move forward.	others
243	"So maybe The Dig next? It's also one of the games I didn't finish ""back then"". Or maybe Oceanhorn. I liked that and didn't finish it either."	Big fan of The Dig, which I didn’t finish either :p	My parents gifted me the big box back then, I think it was for my birthday. And I started playing it, got stuck and never got back to it.	others
244	Hi do you guys know where the boxing day Point to Point is due to finish this year please? Thanks	Check the Lymington Times the week before the races. No one will know until then! The exact finish will only be revealed on the day!	I thought it was the start that was unknown until Xmas day.... I used to ride them when I was younger.... (Hmmm) but thanks anyway	others
245	I’ve NEVER seen any of the teacher’s parking lots full, yet wants to take away one of the biggest and closest student parking lot to make it a teacher lot. And they already took away one of the other biggest and closest parking lots earlier this semester? Crazy.	Which two lots are they taking?	They already removed the SRC parking lot permanently and made a bigger faculty lot aross the road to make room for the new Veterans Hall, and now they’re taking away the Randall Library lot for teachers to park in	others
246	OC options I want in order 1. Freeze 2. Fedora 3. Briles 4. Scott No more projects on this staff. Willie giving full control to the new OC he hires. Scott is a great recruiter but i dont know how he will do in big games. Freeze beat bama n Fedora is right under him.	Fedora no. Briles and Freeze yes	I like Briles too but we need a OC with HC’ing experience imo.	others
247	Trolls you say?	You seem to have a problem with one person. Why not direct your comments towards just that person rather than a whole community?	I don’t have a problem with any one person. I think you may have alcohol induced paranoia. Aka ‘the fear’	others
248	I'm trying to test people's honesty. Let's pretend soulmates are real. If you were to find yours, what would you do if they're poor, currently unemployed, have no career and/or is a single parent or all of the above? Would you still choose them?	You could know they’re your soulmate but understanding their situation know they’re not ready for a relationship at the moment and remain friends until they discover what you already know as well	That could be a way to handle it. Thanks for replying!	others
249	somewhere in between wanting a kiss and wanting a punch to the face	kisses your head	i luv my child uwu	others
250	Never could forget his face or name..shit not fly,being locked up is already doing enough	That was a hard ass punch too, shits so fucked up.	No morals or respect coming when you behind the walls the ceo's be trying to act like superman and shit	others
251	if i start saying bag like a minnesotan again it’s because i’m gonna be with my mom for the next three days	u been saying it like that since u got to jerz	no i haven’t don’t lie	others
252	This cold weather can go away anytime now	Just started buddy	And i need it gone ASAP	others
253	I can’t believe Elise left this morning and now I’m left all alone :((((( I miss her already thanks for putting up with me being a deaf blind and messy person safe flight boo n see u in Easter	im sobbing i miss u sm already youre a funny wee angel thank you for being so kind im glad i have you and got to experience it all with you	I love you n I’m so glad u decided to go for London instead cause I really wanted to meet u	others
254	My son will never get his hair cut by a gotdamn female!  (except by Me and only buzzcuts)	mommy bowlcuts	Nah that's too much work.. Only buzzcuts	others
255	Day 6 of the . I love this one which is covered in sparkly red glitter! . . .	Isn't it lovely, Mark! Please come back and tell us about all your favourite after Christmas, we are so curious!	Of course :-) I will say now, id love a Disney’s Stitch one :-)	others
256	taking a break from streaming today. Making some phaT beats n maybe rekking some noobs on faceit off stream. Cya tomorrow! :) <3	bro i will rap over any beat you put out i swear	haha u rap? Lets make a track and go platinuM	others
257	THIS IS FAKE	Its not... google him. Its even on theshaderoom	DONT HER	others
258	if league play isn't in this I'm deactivating	please don’t have league play	I will block you	others
259	I just found out that my Skype account has been hacked. I haven't used it in YEARS. I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused those affected.	Oh, no! Here's more info on how to keep your account secure: .	Thank you for the link. Luckily, a friend let me know it was hacked.	others
260	Yo I need a lousy $25 someone help me out.	For?	To get me from work and back until I get paid Wednesday	others
261	All I really wanna know is....where was	The real tea	Right thooooo	others
262	I'm 20 She's 17 What about yours???	You look 28 bruv.	This is why u don't have sense	others
263	Data is down, league is down. I think I'm next.	Nintendo HQ rn	Don't you fucking dare	others
264	Good late night or anyone else?	Lewes pretty hopeless late at night tho it has been Late Night Shopping. Ask and Pizza Express, Fuego Lounge maybe?	All I want is a dirty burger to eat at home... maybe cereal will do	others
265	"I don't know what I was expecting really. ""Original Broadway"" is short for ""Original Broadway Cast of Hamilton"" too"	Breakup playlist going well, then?	I linked it in a community i'm a member of in order to get more recommendations and instead i had a girl respond saying she really needed this right now	others
266	Andrew asked how long me and Jonathan HAVE been dating ,,,,, lol sis	AT LUNCH ?	YES I WAS LIKE	others
267	Just sent my new dress and she’s just sent me the same dress back.why are we like this ???	Can’t believe we’ve ordered the same dress without knowing ahah	At least we found out now so we didn’t wear it to the same occasion. Imagine	others
268	I’m all for this!	Very much agree.	There was an interesting price on this in the hour last week. Totally worth a watch	others
269	The environmental designs have only gotten better and better, which is a hard feat considering they’re already so amazing! Congrats on 2 years!	Thanks so much! Obviously this whole experiment only works with an awesome community :)	indeed Just know I’m a huge fan of you and the other team members’ work! I have taken over 5,000 screenshots in the last 4 years for a reason.	others
270	I love Christmas	Beautiful I love your rug too, where is that from if you don't mind me asking?	Thank you. It's from Dunelm, only got it this year so they will probably still have them x	others
271	im V bored and i like this mascara and lipstick	sara just how many times you cut your hair?	thats a beanie sorry to disappoint	others
272	Ooops, we’re on the AB plan!! Love	Can I ask what it is?	Check out my last tweet Marie, it’s complicated!! Or maybe not!	others
273	I have only just discovered	Me too. Why did I miss this?? This now ranks in my top two all time shows, the other being the Sopranos.	I've just finished season one. And now I have to watch celebrity jungle before I can make a start on season 2. Damn it!! It's brilliant.	others
274	hi reply to this for me to send you a holiday card, i’m buying everything this weekend <3	hi	ok got it	others
275	All Fckn annoying I KNOW but do I care NO. Lol March, July, December and we have a waist line again	But you DID that!	That I did hopefully muscle shoes soon	others
276	Saw some folks were confused so here’s an article that lays out the controversy with Briles. Like I said, he was never *directly* implicated in things like the Pepper Hamilton report but he was in the building when it went down.	If his name was Kendal Smith would people even care based on the evidence?	Had this same thought. Phil Bennett was the DC at Baylor when all this happened. He went AZ State and nobody said a damn thing.	others
277	Stickers listos para ! Disponibles en el artist alley mesa 59	please make these available online	The stickers are not available yet, but I'm on it! You can check it out the prints on !	others
278	Tequila Teezy is making a special guest appearance tonight	Where we goin	Not sure at the moment but somewhere! I’ll text you!	others
279	Excellent statement, that's exactly how it is, conditioned and brainwashed.	One of the best ways to unpick that conditioning is to spend time with those 'food' animals. It's amazing how many people have never been close to a cow, a pig, or a sheep. For those people, when you say animal, it means 'pet.'	That's true but I doubt if those brainwashed people will willingly visit cows, pigs and sheep, they would prefer to be in a Mcdonalds or KFC chewing on dead meat, and not thinking about what they're eating.	others
280	Just heard yet another Corbynite saying that Labour will try and force a General Election. HOW? Explain how a majority for a 'No Confidence' motion, in the terms of the Fixed Term Parliaments Act, can be created? It can’t. Pretending it's possible is just dishonest.	McDonnell started this tripe	He's also claimed that Labour should be simply called on to form a new Govt if May lost avote of confidence as is “normal”. Its never happened before and there's no constitutional, legal or convention that says it should. Utter tosh.	others
281	bought myself a fancy train ticket with a sleeper car and it was still way cheaper than a plane and I'm so excited to read for 20 hours	Omg ive always wanted to get one! Let me know if its the Tea!	oh it's the shit! i've done it before w liam. fucking on trains is A+	others
282	Now your bio says don’t take your tweets serious so just outta curiosity....	This don’t count? It’s about my mom . Clearly talking about the ones that are outta pocket	Ayy I just ask curious questions on here cause as you know this app is like walkin through shiesty alleyways (anything liable to happen) .... But good luck on the future house hunt	others
283	Big Telegram purge tonight. Till now I have lost: - 6 official channels. - 24 chat groups (half were pro-). - 22 news channels.	Almost all ISIS channels I had are gone now (of those more official all but one are gone). On one side is okay, cause they won't get to spread their propaganda, but on the other it's hard to do proper research on them	This is a stupid move. For me the work is harder. For them it's not the same. They can find what they need and dig there. Telegram is ruled by idiots	others
284	in math class i started singing the hit or miss song , and my teacher told me to shut up. it really be like that. i guess i do miss	DJUT FUDNGJFBE	he said “this isn’t choir shut up” it was so humiliating	others
285	For other parties student leader means .Rowdies, gundaas etc. But for	Thanks for your kind words brother. Will never let you down	We take the pleasure to work with u ..under the leadership of	others
286	Gazpacho for lunch today. It’s a bit spicier than I’m used to but still	Lisa we're all torn up about tumblr being dead but I'm not sure putting yer tumbls here will do what you hope.	look man i cant help that my brain gets these weird vibes	others
287	Why’s Fleur done like every challenge the last 5 nights. Air time ain’t doing you a favour hun, you’re a irritating attention seeking biatch	Can’t stand her and have you noticed she keeps sticking her tongue in her teeth offt	She’s actually so annoying isn’t she?	others
288	My boyfriend	Don't get between my agenda and Msizi pls	Going right back to the kitchen. Carry on	others
289	All my top songs are from the	Okay but mine too	Honestly a good album May have overdone it haha	others
290	Adorjan with a last kick of the ball equaliser in extra time tonight and the winning penalty	Our boy done good?	Yeah he's done well tonight for them. Was with my team in Ireland atbrhe start of the year was sad to see him go	others
291	i love yusuke we all know this but im still so mad we were robbed of these concepts for him n his persona like,,,theyre so good	i like the hair color they went w at least!! the braid is so cute tho	Nandnc LIKE I LOVE HIS OFFICAL DESGIN I JSUT i coulda had long hair n bolo tie which is like some of my fav desgin stuff and i think a punk look for yusukes theif outfit to go w this persona desgin woulda been,,,rlly neat i llve yusuke but i dream of these desgins a lot	others
292	the fact that i’m sitting alone at home and just laughed out loud at High School Musical 3 probably says a lot about me.	High School Musical is overrated. Prove me wrong.	update: i’m now crying over it. point proven.	others
293	abril es una de las pocas que le digo de hacer algo cualquier día/hora y dice que si sin ningún problema	Y siempre la pasamos bien ,hagamos lo que hagamos bue	obvioooo	others
294	When I bought my dog he was supposed to be an Aussie mix, come to find out he’s mixed with a dog that gets 160 to 200 pounds and he won’t stop growing and he’s getting huge he can literally jump up on the counters I can not even deal	He looks like a Great Pyrenees!	He’s mixed with that too	others
295	Imagine thinking the public care what songs you listenened to over the past year :)	This is passive aggressive, calm down	Maybe a tiny bit but not specifically directed at anyone. However if you posted yours it’s directed towards you	others
296	I don't need the support of others.  I don't follow others.  You think I sweat this jokers and clowns on here? I'm entertained.	You don’t sweat these jokers? Then why issue a cease and desist? I think you might be confused sir	I own the rights and it's my company	others
297	Those VR ads use a unique Claptrap model and I can't help but speculate / read into it wildly.	Think they will announce a Borderlands three at the awards show?	I hope so but I also doubt so.	others
298	check if you can make my campaign + reply with your user and link(s)	Did it ! User : igot7,	ive already made these :(	others
299	Everyone at my job is married, engaged, got kids, finished their degree and I feel so behind lol I’m the youngest but still	Well everyone at my job is either married, single or hoeing, either got kids or dont, working in the same place since their school days so no need for a degree. Then there's me...maintaining a good gpa and a shitty yet decent J.O.B.	Y was this so depressing to read tho	others
300	My fucking song	YES	I wore this song OUT	others
301	¿Dónde están los que hacen reir?	Trabajandooo	Okey	others
302	Jeep or Audi?	That's one badass Jeep	Isn’t it awesome! I wish my little boy would like unicorns though, mostly so I could have a go in this ......	others
303	Reworking an old thor piece	This is so beautiful I can't stop staring	(≧◡≦) thank u!	others
304	I interviewed my dog and got his reaction to the Game Awards and the possibility of Metroid showing.	your dog is so freaking cute lol he looks all startled everytime you ask a question	He knows things but won't share his insider knowledge.	others
305	Dude goes to tell iBK Corey that I’m dogshit when he can’t say it to me? but he doesn’t remember the day I 5stacked with him on my smurf and carried him all 5 games and 3 of em were where he goes negative	calm down big dog ice will gun u imo	Lmfaoo what a loser	others
306	So I made the Sirens in my cutesy chibi-ish style! still referencing Bruce Timm's poses for these gals!! hope you guys like it!!	Even when she's presented 'cute' Ivy is ridiculously sexy	they all are!! <3 <3	others
307	Sliced my finger open....	Feck, skelped the knuckle?, stitches job or just plaster/bandage?	Sliced back of finger while making homemade chips. It was the first spud lol hence the gloves hahaha probably should get stitches but holding off to see how it goes. Was a brand new chopping knife. Still very sore today.	others
308	I feel like I've missed what made etc. I know I've statistically sucked the last 2 weeks but its just not good CS at all, I'm not a star player but I'm not shit, this doesn't promote good CS at all.	You're overthinking it man, just play your game and if you suck it would be just one of those days, grinder harder and comeback stronger!	Nah the overall game play isn't good	others
309	what the most tracks you have had on a song? As Acef Stripe, the most is 8 tracks I have had!	10	okay, I am feeling better about my limit of 8. But 10 sounds about perfect.. Maybe 11 for that extra push...	others
310	What’s something I would never guess about you?	I'm a qualified nurse !!	I did NOT know that!	others
311	had a dream i called an old white lady on a plane a whore	She prolly deserved it	she must certainly did from what i can remember	others
312	SPECIAL	I love this	Thank you!	others
313	if the passes I just won't be able to work in Australia :( I have an ethical obligation to users of my software not to expose their data. Breaking all their crypto/security is just a non-starter.	i orchestrated the aa bill to stop you ever returning to these shores	wow, noble goal but a bit of overkill I reckon	others
314	Yeah, those people that say “I don’t need a drink to be fun” can fuck right off	Well fuck the pair of you then!	Get back on the horse. Or turkey	others
315	We should all scream WHEYYYYY when James comes on stage at Tour next year	Omg please	It’s happening	others
316	Very helpful kitten wants to be included in Skype interview. She has some points to add about my research.	I mean, *I want to hear what the cat thinks.	I’m afraid she may have some challenging questions of her own.	others
317	Gut but the crazy thing I didn't play that line	Did you cash?	My score was 350 everything else was 358 that won $800 first place was chipotleaddict with a 402 for 100K	others
318	Mana gora	تبریز، تبریز نوعی اوچون اغلیا بولر	What?	others
319	how the fuck did we already get to top tracks of 2018???  fuckin bet top 5 tracks has LOST IN JAPAN	A bop.	Oh it’s a bloody track ya hear	others
320	وين المكان اللي يبيع ابتسامات؟! أنا حزين ولازم إني أجامل.	اشيل الهم عن صدرك	I don't think you can:(	others
321	This is the MUA I need in my life.	Ummmm hello me thank you bye	I’m gonna go to ny feb	others
322	The upholstery on SWR trains is filthy these days. When is the last time they were cleaned I wonder?	Hello Jo, which train and carriage was this on? I will be happy to get this reported. ^DH	It was the delayed 17:58 Epsom train. It was the last carriage of what I think was an 8 coach train. It was the 4 seats facing each other nearest the last door. It was the same on the Waterloo train at approx. 9:50am departing from a Raynes Park. Mid part of train. Seat black.	others
323	خواهی اگر وصل یار ،از غم هجران منال  زان که وصول بهار تن به خزان داده است... . . . . . . . . . فروغی بسطامی...	Good morningshabaz	Good morning Gina.  Here night 1.20am	others
324	How do you know they dont have one?	Because they keep making the same mistakes since debut???? Jin once talked about how he wanted to train and be able to reach high notes and such but couldn't. I'm not trying to drag them for this, it's not their fault, it's BigHit's.	Girl they have a vocal coach, seokjin said he was improving bc of his vocal coach and jungkook talked about it too... Anyway your comment was unnecessary, you could have just praised monstax without involving bts.  The op was obviously a troll and y'all fell for it	others
325	"Hopefully you are surviving the start of the holiday shopping season! Whenever you are having a bad day just press the button on this ""I WILL SURVIVE"" keychain to remind yourself that everything is going to be okay! Get one for yourself and a friend at:"	I need this keychain in my life!	Most definitely,	others
326	people that send you pictures of their pets when you’re sad are everything	In case you are sad, and even if you’re not	you are so pure I love you	others
327	Half off my head is telling me to get a house next year and the other half is telling me to sesh all off the world	Sesh sesh sesh	Because man don’t care bout all that	others
328	Really struggling with the NQT I'm mentoring. They just don't seem to be taking on any feedback. If it carries on, they could 'fail' the year. Any advice?	What specific feedback have they not responded to?	Gave them targets/things to improve upon and then observed today with those targets as a focus and basically ignored all of them completely	others
329	What places are on your vacation bucket list?	Dubai, Figi, Maldives, Italy, Germany, Belgium, Africa, Texas, Vegas, DR, Mexico, Australia, Iceland, Colorado, every damn where	Colorado has wicked mountain views	others
330	So the English Supreme Court will rule on the Scottish Continuity Bill on Thursday the 13th of December! The very act of them taking the case broke The Act of Union! Time for UDI and the end of this English dictatorship	1707 Act of the Union (Article 19) Scots Law is enshrined into the Act and cant be repealed or changed Scots Law is Supreme	Precisely what I base my argument on! Thanks	others
331	Reposting this picture because I actually just got dumped over this. Yes, I am covered in scars and I thought I found someone who wasn’t a judgmental prick because he said he was okay with what he’s seen. I get that this isn’t attractive to most..	I think he saw you and realized he wasn’t good enough for you. His insecurities are in those words; he used what he knew would hurt you. He’s an idiot. You are stunning in all ways. You are a survivor.	I appreciate it..	others
332	Our Christmas Fete was awesome! Thanks to you all for making it another great night!	Thanks to the parent council, staff and everyone who volunteered their time to support the school!	We have the best community	others
333	You think planning a mission to Mars takes time, try getting a class of kindergarteners dressed and ready for the snow. Now that’s a real mission!	This should be your next MS!	Lol for sure!!	others
334	abeg my number is been charged unnecessary 08120282677 Pls deactivate everything abeg	Hello, apologies for the inconvenience. Check shows that the deduction was for a content service. Please be patient as we are working on the deactivation of the service. Thank you. ^Kay.	Simply help can't do 4 ur customer since 3days ago is beta u guys shift 2 desert now	others
335	yo	What's the deal P	What time the game	others
336	Next Game  VS   Premier  Saturday 8th December  2.00PM Kick Off  Langdale Centre  NE28 0HG Let's get as many there as physically possible - can everyone retweet for maximum exposure.	Is this at the fields next to the coast road? Opposite to the coast road to the Orion business park?	Yeah that's the one, you'll have to come off Churchill street and into the estate for entry as there's no way off the A19 or the coast road to the pitch. Hope to see you there	others
337	If you guys need me I'll be searching out new eyeballs. HOLY SUN GLARE!!!	But how will you know if you find new ones, since you can't see?	Cause then I'll be able to see.	others
338	Fr lol	“New year new me” face ass	Lol on me I miss you bro	others
339	I ran out of canvases so i painted over my older painting and there’s already something new (which is a surprise) but I love how when you turn it to the back you can still see the older painting (i added contrast so you can see it better)	Why’d you paint over it :( it was so beautiful	It was an emergency, i just wanted to paint naked harry	others
340	2019 is gonna be fun all around. AMD with new CPU/GPU offerings. Qualcomm showing what it can do with the Snapdragon 855. NVIDIA will keep pushing things. Storage getting faster/cheaper. PCI-E 4.0 introduction. Gonna be a busy year, so I best get ready.	Wonder how the Snapdragon 855 would do as a desktop or Chromebook form factor.	That's what the 8cx is going to do. Higher TDP probably in the 10 watt range, but integrated into the always connected PC (ACPC).	others
341	It’s 20F!!	Adelaide	It got down to 19F last night. Very icy morning!	others
342	If you don’t like this, I have no respect for you. This man continues to amaze me everyday. Role model kids, look right here	I swear to god I’ll shit a brick if this dude some how plays a down of football again	He’s got a ways to go but I believe he will	others
343	did bdubs get rid of the mac and cheese??? it’s not showing up online and i wanna cry	chesss curds are better	u right	others
344	it stink	you get on my nerves	I can smell it	others
345	why he sound angry	His bio says he says nope a lot	i never realized how harsh nope sounds. that shit hurted	others
346	top 3 most uncomfortable messages of my life, i felt so violated	Did you do it?	I was too scared	others
347	No mobile data or phone service today after discussing a	Thousands of O2 customers have done the same, albeit not through choice!	I know! I’m one of them	others
348	Students selected their poems to analyze today!	"I've never been more pleased to be ""tabled."" My sincere appreciation to you and your students."	Seriously, y'all. I can't wait to show your replies to my students tomorrow. They will flip!	others
349	my astronomy prof told me i was one of his best students this semester and offered to write me a rec letter if i needed it for graduate school or future jobs i'm crying he's literally working with nasa on a research project	ITS WHAT YOU DESERVE OH MY FUCKING GOD thats so awesome kara i hope you feel proud :')))))	i still can't believe it bc he's like a LEGIT astronomer with 2 ongoing space missions what the fuck	others
350	Er	Hahahahaha	Hope it’s a joke	others
351	When you open up your	Sacrilege.	I was a smidge disappointed	others
352	Watching Frozen with the kids and I still can't believe Love Is An Open Door wasn't the more popular song from that movie.	I blame Hans character arc. If the movie ended there it'd definitely be a hit.	Yeah, I thought of this too. You're probably right.	others
353	Gotta say I'm not sold on gose beers, but this IS one of the better ones I have tried, so, props to them for making one I will drink now and again! :D	A good gose is hard to come by. How was the saltiness? I hate the feeling of being thirstier after having a sip.	Salt was a lot more muted on this one, so much more refreshing and lemony. It's more a summer drink, I think :)	others
354	They ungrateful	Lmfaooooooooooo professor looking like “ Damn my wife told me they weren’t going to come and sure enough!”	I feel bad loll	others
355	Just an above average 3rd class Petty Officer doing above average things.	Go to parade rest when you see me young NCO	Hoe ass bitch you gone get a head nod and we gone keep it moving.	others
356	guys omg i think i did good	i know u did	omg i love u, it was ur prayers that saved me	others
357	I was waiting my friend today under the rain, but what i got is the dirty water from the street because of the fast cars	I advise you not to stand near the street next time	I think i will not wait my friend anymore	others
358	heavy on it	she was trolling yall	"I know. Its fun to ""troll"" along lol"	others
359	Are guys really that dumb in thinking that when they try to get with multiple girls in the same friend group that we won’t expose them? Lol I can’t with this shit	I was going to tweet something similar earlier lmao	It happens to our friend group all too often, which I get bc we are all so pretty but damn lol these dudes need to get a clue	others
360	africa is fire and literally no one can say otherwise	Otherwise	holy shit	others
361	Has anyone seen the concepts for the weewarrasaurus yet?? It's so damn cute	What’s a weewarrasaurus?	A new Dino that's been discovered in Australia	others
362	Join us tonight for  livestream featuring myself,  and	am I not coming!? lol	I tagged you	others
363	"Just over heard this conversation... ""What is even a millennial? I think a millennial cut off date should be at 1999"" And then one of them exhaled their cotton candy vape. And I continued walking."	cornball	Kinky	others
364	Just checking my new huniece is OK. Think we are going to be friends	How is the relationship between beagles and babies??	It’s going well so far we are both snoozing in the one	others
365	there’s a bar in prov that lets u smoke cigs lol	Is it the one across from Atlantic mills?	Tammany Hall on Atwells Ave actually!	others
366	did i just eat a whole bag of ‘family size’ malteasers? yes i did	God I love that for u	i love it for me too, it was great	others
367	No context exclusive from my locked, one of the best tweets I’ve ever made	i didn’t know you had a locked!	If u can find it..........u may be blessed	others
368	now it’s “you can’t believe everything on the internet” when just the other day everyone SWORE it was him. he proved his point.	I feel like he was hired	this is unrelated but i am so ready to get to your house!!!!!!!!!	others
369	Had some great crucible matches off stream. Dropped 44 kills, then 46 and finished off with a 52 bomb. I wish I could have shared it.	if you want to destiny it up off stream let me know I'm down. I just have to do the forge on my hunter. I'm 610 without even playing my other 2 guys.	I'll be playing tonight. Probably off stream again and not for as long as normal.	others
370	Sooooooo absolutely true!!!!	Yes, so true. It helps to be reminded too.	In your exceptional case,it is absolutely true Tasha! Along with following your intuitive gut feeling....like soul feelings,they don't lead you astray.	others
371	STAR SPANGLED MAN IS ONE OF MY MOST PLAYED SONGS ON SPOTIFY IM SCREAMING	this was one of mine...i-	I HEARD THIS WOWOWJDJ	others
372	Been considering grabbing this...	The versions here need to be heard - from the excellent through to the poor. I will be playing this more often than I originally thought	I'll grab a copy then	others
373	"Ok folks, if you don't want to call people ""drugged up beggars"" and favour using an evidence based approach like"	x	Not much evidence of dignity in the language he uses about people. There are a growing number of people working in the sector in Greater Manchester who are doing practical stuff who resent being described as 'wrist band wearers' because we insist on humanising language	others
374	I wanna go to Mt. Charleston	LETS GO	I’ll go if goes	others
375	Let me follow this up... IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING!	Good luck bro was good for like 2 hours	Yeah	others
376	Who watches SHEP Fox news?	nope	Nope!!	others
377	Am up and down all the time these days!! one minute am happy , then angry , then pissed of again then happy again fuck sake gees a break eh	SMS me wazzzzzup	On it	others
378	to keep you in a pocket	sYLWIABSKSJ	wHAT i’m speaking the truth	others
379	my fave red velvet songs (no title tracks) 1. sunny afternoon 2. don’t u wait no more 3. fool 4. stupid cupid 5. sassy me  6. my second date 7. campfire 9. blue lemonade  10. oh boy  11. little little 12. talk to me  13. time slip 14. taste 15. body talk 16. zoo 17. look	I freakin love Fook you are an intellectual	u know it	others
380	you ever been in that mood where you just wanna cry ? that’s me	Westbrook? Thunder up pussy	fuck you boy	others
381	God bless you I really hope she enjoys this.	I hope so too currently not speaking but hopefully this would change her mind thank youuuu once again	Really? It most definitely will. I can feel the love between you two through your pictures. Love will conquer all	others
382	One thing I can’t stand for a person to constantly keep writing me and writing me and writing. That’s annoying af. You can’t possibly be that bored and hat damn thirsty. Especially if that person is ignoring you. I try to be nice but once you keep being annoying you blocked!	some people really have nothing better to do. its a shame.	Yes it’s sad and make me really think like damn you ain’t got no job? Or nothing else better to do but stalk people all day lol.	others
383	Nailed it! Can’t beat passion on a football field, carries you a long way	Something i have always believed in and theres a quote for this that describes it perfectly. Hard Work beats Talent when Talent doesnt work hard. Have the best 11 individuals in 1 team but if the other 11 are willing to do the dirty side of football they will come out on top!	Absolutely! Bit of heart and passion will win you most battles when the others don’t have that!	others
384	But she bribed them and everything! WTF, medieval cult masquerading as a modern political party?	Medieval cult is perhaps going a little far; early modern (17th cent.)	Don't let the smartphones fool you.	others
385	OMG just remembered I bought Prosecco caramels in	I read that as Prosecco camels at first and wondered what you'd got!!	now that would be a mouthful	others
386	I’m not the first person to notice that Frosty the Snowman was staunchly anti-police, right? He led them down the streets of town, right through a traffic cop, and only paused a MOMENT when he heard ‘em holler ‘stop!’	Didn't he also impersonate Parson Brown so he could marry the song's narrator & their sweetheart? So he's anti-church too	I think that’s a different snowman?	others
387	my best friends school was on lockdown due to a bomb threat and I slammed my fist into my locker and sprained my pinky. Yes I know it was stupid but do you have any positive inspiration to calm her and I down?	Take a deep breath, just let the time fo it’s thing. You are ok, safe, learning...	Thank you Maria! Today has been stressful for us! I’m glad she’s okay and that you, Joey and Daniel are okay	others
388	Who tryna get their hair done for real cheap soon?	I need a re-bleach sometime!	I got you	others
389	Calling all BW and African-Caribbean activists, aunty Angela Davis is back in London next year for WoW2019. Pls book tickets quick so we can give her a Black ass welcome Stalls are almost gone so HURRY!	Thanks for the heads up! Just bought my ticket.	Yayyy! Glad you got one!	others
390	Thanks, ArtyShapes, but I'm positive	.	.	others
391	alright who wants to make a small practice group. looking for 5 people around my skill level to practice with seriously. reply if you want in. ill be looking at mus too. this way its not just a bunch of people playing bayo dittos and stuff. gonna try and do at least 2 hrs a day	Im down. Only issue is that Im still not 100% sure who my long term main will be but Im mostly Marth at the start	no worries lol ill put you down	others
392	Same...	لا نمت ولا درست	Same wallah	others
393	YACKYY	Yes?	nothing i just miss u	others
394	on Feb 13-14. Who wants to join us for an Insider event while we're there?	Hey Dona, are you coming to India event in May 2019 too?	I’m not but I think might	others
395	WHO KNOWS THIS ONE	couldnt be me	i meant as in her being happy but i hope u feel happy soon	others
396	I ain listened to control system in years it feel like	Same, I was jus bumpin the shit while cleaning and the shit kinda sounded new	Lmao fr tho	others
397	My current situation	Same	Dad gonna beat ur ass	others
398	Walking in 36 degree weather isn’t tough.	No shit. I’m in New England & a mother - no need for meteorology lessons. The child should be properly dressed if being made to walk 5 miles in that temp. Period. Find a decent Pediatrician who disagrees. I’ll wait.	Not a doc, from MN. 36 isn’t even freezing. I’d bet the dad would not her get cold enough to do harm. Walking warms the body too.	others
399	Rich in potential for contemporary readings! Landseer’s ‘Man Proposes, God Disposes’ (1864), alluding to the doomed Franklin exhibition of the mid-19thC.)	Terrifying painting...	I know, right?!	others
400	It's wild that Arron Afflalo is out of the league	is it?	Yes and no. Seems like a guy who should be on a team.	others
401	Some random wants to dm me and ask how old I am, then tells me to delete them after I told them like 1. Who even are you, and 2. delete your damn self tf	And who was this	I have no idea.	others
402	let’s help each other out plt(warsaw):	hii make for make?  pls check if you can make this one	so sorry,but i already did this one but if you have any other one that i can do, i’ll gladly help	others
403	私のキースさんの初絵？？？本当に2016年が嫌い	I began to play the game at the end of 2016 hehe	Why did you play i sometimes ask myself why... i just tried for a friend then I liked Haldine...and then i saw Keith	others
404	,,, so I play super smash bros brawl, right? I was talking to my friends about the release of Smash Ultimate, and a teacher overheard me and asked if i play smash I nervously answered, “Yes?” He yells as he walks off. “I’M CHALLENGING YOU TOMORROW AT SMASH!!” Oh no	XD	I had to ask a friend on how to use a switch Cause I only have a wii  ;w; (I’ve played with wii u and 3ds cause a friend had em)	others
405	Honestly the worst thing about being natural is having to get up and style it. I haven't moved yet. All I know is If my shit doesn't sit the way I want it to I'll be leaving my house looking like a male. It is what it is.	LMFAO deadass me everyday	It's annoying, my arms get tired, and then I'm just annoyed at that point. There's no wining.	others
406	Ok..WHO TF TAUGHT YALL THAT THE DOLLAR SIGN GOES AT THE END??!!	I be seeing that too. I’m like that’s not what I was taught lol.	They weren’t taught that either	others
407	Cumshow?	Only if you gonna take the right campositions	I’ll do whatever tf I want	others
408	People who use horoscopes to justify shitty behavior <<<<	You okay Conrad?	lmao. what a year in LA will do to you	others
409	she's a goner.	Reason being	that's just plain disrespectful.	others
410	Montreal has so many malls they should call it Malltreal send tweet	Come to Mallmö. We have like 5 or 6 malls (for about 350k people) and 2 are pretty much completely deserted unless you are in the grocery store	These snowbound cities know what’s up	others
411	how do i somehow end up next to the most annoying groups of people on campus every single time i’m in chick fil a	Sometimes you just gotta throw some hands	i almost accidentally threw a full can of pop at their table	others
412	It’s been a pretty meh week at work so.......... Fancy French cheeses from M&S Beers Poncy olives from a poncy deli Fig chutney made by my aunty	I'm eating chocolate covered pretzels while flying a space ship delivering beer on a video game. Hang on why i am doing this at home, even if it is a space ship? *tuns off ps4*	Sounds like a pretty weird night there Gav......	others
413	*watching the VS show while crying *	* and realizes how ugly the fuck i am *	*still crying because it’s so fucking true*	others
414	The ride homeMegadeth	You have the greatest taste in music ! Killer album ! I saw them a few times in Boston including an Acoustic show at the Hard Rock Cafe.	Thanks man, that's one band I've never seen but they can play.	others
415	Heat for what? A twist out would’ve given the same results minus the damage	You read my mind	That made me so sad lol. It’s pretty though	others
416	I’ve had three? hours of sleep the past two days, wow I love that for me	Stay healthy please Also where is that photo of Felix from he looks extra fluffy	I will dw, and I just found it on google shdjsj	others
417	This thread will contain some precious copypastas that evolved in our weird community over time.	Remember kinky jews?	I wish I didn't	others
418	? What are you even talking about	Dude missed like shit	Lmfao	others
419	mfs don’t even b knowing celebs & yet some of them stan to the point of telling other ppl to kill themselves. look  ion wanna judge shid i eat ass I’m a weird nigga all-around but ion even know what to kall that kinda shit. that’s a new level of “wtf y’all niggas on” chief.	it's because they see themselves in the celeb. they're defending themselves.	well that makes sense, i just wish they kould stick with i hate u or sumn	others
420	Birthday queen	Happy birthday my heart	I love you سبك	others
421	Honestly, I lost my love of GM when they grabbed their ankles for Obama's 'bailout' & killed great brands like Pontiac, Saturn & Hummer.	Yep. Switched to Ford right then.	I quit working for them after more than a decade working for GM.	others
422	crocodile vs great white shark who y’all got	if it’s on land the crocodile winning	well no duh a shark can’t be on land LMAO	others
423	down 4%, bears wetting themselves in a way that would easily wick away from their skin if they weren't wearing wool like 14th century Scottish farm serfs.	"Hearing chatter they might tease a new denim line on the call. In a bid to stay ""on trend."""	The looming denim revival clings to LULU's ambitions like a damp wool suit.	others
424	I painted to an okay standard, finally.. Original photo cred/ inspiration to  Ok, thank you. Bye.	I’ve told you once I’ll tell you again. Amazing!	Thank you so much beautiful! What did I do to deserve you	others
425	Should’ve been minding ya bitness!	THAT WAS MY BUSINESS.	You thought!	others
426	I have to context switch because town people (and you butt heads) make fun of St.E patois	Stop being a weenie	You're the weenie for making fun of how I talk, weenie	others
427	Every time!	Like bro! who was responsible?!	joint big trash!!	others
428	I asked	"(Psst - seems like there's a missing 'means' in this initial sentence: ""[...] which that the' developers need to serve a lot of different audiences [...]"" Sorry!!)"	Thank you so much for hte catch!	others
429	Big fan of the Schoop signing. Not sure why you need Torreyes when you already have Adrianza. If it's part of a plan to play Sano more at first or DH, then you sign a real third baseman.	Adrianza had shoulder surgery	But he's supposed to be ready to go, right? If not, they should have non-tendered him.	others
430	I’m just putting this cunt right out there I EAT BOUNTYS and I’m proud	do you want mine out me calendar? hate them	Yes hun just keep them aside and I will collect	others
431	Atheist kids can at least accept people for who they are... black white gay straight...	So do Christian kids.	Never said all Christian kids did I? No.	others
432	I said this last year but nobody wanted to believe me man. It’s the philly fans. He’s an avg player bro !	Well no, last year we were right. You just look right now because he took about 20 steps back from his play last season. How your boy mitchell doing lol?	Lol y’all be too hype over nothing	others
433	i wish so bad i could make an awful satire twitter just for funsies but i just know twitter would nerf my whole ip	use a dif email, you should be fine	i use different emails but if twitter gets mad enough at you it’ll find your ip and delete all accounts on it	others
434	My boss asked me and another coworker about a Christmas party and I had no suggestions where to go because I'm not interested in normie shit :(	Christmas party too much. I would suggest dinner at a nice restaurant. Do it for the food.	We're going to a restaurant lmao once I've never been to nor care for since I'm picky but that's ok I'll just take shots to forget where I am	others
435	Decent Decorations on your window there	Festivities are in full flow got any flashing lights up for your gaff yet?	Not gone all out like you have, settled for a 4 foot tree and some scented oaks on the fireplace	others
436	Stupid decided to update my Roomba in the middle of the night with an audio announcement and a light I can't turn off. Which brilliant product manager thought this was a good idea?	Oh no! That sounds like a job for our Roomba experts! Please DM us with your email address so we can get you in touch with our technical support team!	For those wondering, tech support has concluded this worked as expected.	others
437	My child is now nearly a week late. I can now honestly say I understand the pain I put my friends through when I am late for EVERYTHING... I feel this may be slight karma	Get bouncing on a gym ball!!	Trust me, it’s all been done, he’s just too lazy	others
438	New boots, (not from TK MAXX) They reimbursed my money These ones had better last longer than a bloody month	Nice boots	Thanks Beverly	others
439	Oh no... Authenticity is on the horizon	Point me in the way	it's making it's way down the TL	others
440	Can we do press conferences where top-performing high school students in science announce where they’re going to college?	Some colleges already do a portion of that. does something similar	That’s not a press conference?	others
441	Just need to buy 1 more cable tray and then i clean up behind the consoles So happy to be rid of that dumb tower	I see you too have embraced the foot pedal life.	Game changer for console gaming	others
442	Thanks to the lottery I got 9 sr+ tickets and 4 ssr+ tickets!! These are the best/faves that I scouted. Sadly no ur in the ssr+ tickets but I'm happy I got the last yohane ssr i needed and even got the new mermaid mari!	Really nice pulls! All of them look so pretty! ;w;	They are so pretty! I was just hoping for another ur but I'm glad I at least got two	others
443	Let me die in hoshimeguri event	Im already dead just from this art wym	Please don't die ru	others
444	Excited for the trailer BUT given social media, already expecting folks to get pissy if this trailer barely shows anything.	Is it actually coming or is the rumor machine at it again?	Tomorrow at 9 am	others
445	youtube rewind getting worse every year pfftttt	You’re so pretty	thank you wtf!!	others
446	I've been up for 34 hours straight. I'm about to lose my shit!	Awww sis you bs, if you don’t take your ass to sleep	I can't. I broke out in hives, so I can't sleep or think straight because all I wanna do is scratch the skin off my body.	others
447	What's the best tv make?	Philips	Cheers fella!	others
448	While possession of a firearm in the home is constitutionally protected, possession of a firearm in a motor vehicle is not. Change my mind.	Also, I don't need to change your mind. You can believe whatever lies you enjoy, but the moment you or someone who represents you comes after my rights and property is the moment I change your state of being.	It pains me to tell a mutual that he's a moron.	others
449	A little nasty 3 piece in woogs!	Yo can I play with you in 15 minutes	I’m not playing rn. That was from last night!	others
450	The hood has strangers all the time tho...	??	I'm just discussing the logic beyond the verse.	others
451	If you're going to sign a crap wing to a minimum deal, just do it already. If he sucks, cut him and sign a new one. You're not even close to the tax, and you have a full room exception.	Anthony Bennett has a 78.9 TS% in the G League, for whatever that's worth.	Legitimately didn't even know he was still playing in North America.	others
452	My melee Fox is awful but I was still running the college boys in crews today	MM in fox dittos next time we see each other. You bout to catch the hands	I have 0 tech in the game but sure whatever (after our joint 12cb)	others
453	I'm moving to Billericay and work in Stratford. What are the best season tickets to get with a staff and nominee?	How often will you be travelling? RH	For work, so 5 days. Nominee is a teacher!	others
454	This 10 song stretch on my	Michael, I literally don’t know what to make of this. Popular Song in 2018? The Macarena being listened to outside of a wedding reception?	1. Popular Song is a Sweetener bonus track 2. Your favs wish they could write songs that slap as hard as the Macarena (Bayside Boys Remix)	others
455	Really craving The Boiling Crab rn	How tf you know about this real shit	Because I’ve gone there	others
456	.	Hey there, help's here! We're afraid we don't have any info on this. We'd recommend sign up for Premium through these steps here: . If you have any other questions, let us know /UA	. ~ Well, I’m afraid I won’t be signing up for Spotify, as you can’t even explain your pricing structure. FYI: I already searched all over the Internet (including visiting the link you sent me) before contacting you.  I’ll stick with !	others
457	and? When it happens it happens. Why can’t we just enjoy the current state of the team without some Debbie downer bullshit like this?	What fan even says that about their own team.	A dumbass fan lol dawg I went through YEARS of losing, im in the moment, fuck all that “just wait til this run ends” bs lol fuuuck them	others
458	Congrats to the same five bands who are at the top of my most played yearly Spotify list every single year.	I'm gonna guess. Is it.   - NIN  - NIN  - NIN  - NIN  - Toto	Close. :-p	others
459	As much as I love the tier 1 and tier 100 skins from last season, this battle pass is so much better	are yall playin...... fortednite	Not rn I was just musing on it while buying an eshop card (to buy the new pass) I'll probably play some later tho	others
460	i have xie lian's capability of remembering people's names and faces,,,,so relatable,,,	is it good or bad lol I havent got that far	VERY BAD LOL.	others
461	Hello - I am struggling with the ETA application process - is there some direct support? None of the options on the website are helping? thanks.!	Hi. What is your question? We’ll do our best to respond, but please be aware we can’t answer case-specific questions or provide tailored advice. Please don’t include any personal information (application number).	I'm just trying to enter info into the query regarding convictions and it doesnt seem to allow what I am writing so I cannot go any further?	others
462	you say oh	he dey floor but them nutmeg am	you come twitter so you say nutmeg. e no be suulia you dey call am?	others
463	IT'S HAPPENING	We gaming soon peter	I'm down just watching shroud now doesn't look bad	others
464	NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!	Well	I was so bummed to have to miss them here in Seattle back in 2016	others
465	Is Russell Westbrook the best Point Guard in the league?	Im takin curry	That’s what I said	others
466	So am I correct that what we got was a late day Hilsen-rally without Hilsenrath?	where did he go anyways?	dunno. maybe he's too fancy for the dailies.	others
467	I want this	Lmaoooo. Literally why	Ayo you know what that means yo? You’re doing a much better job as a girlfriend than she did.. she envies you and your relationship with him? Whatttt girl be proud!	others
468	Hey, what’s OAN (One America News)? I’m at a diner that has it on, I think I’m going to throw up. They’re trying hard to be Fox News.	“The formation of the organization was announced on March 14, 2013 by Herring Networks, Inc., an independent and family-owned national video programming company owns and operates OAN and sister channel AWE “	It’s nuts. They show Trump is a very interesting light.	others
469	Please can you put me in touch with schools implementing MNP in mixed age classes, e.g. Year 1/2 class. Thanks	Hey thanks for reaching out! What are you looking to discover when reaching out to these schools? Knowing will help us put you in the right direction.	Did you manage to think of anyone that might be helpful? TIA	others
470	Y’all think if I give my professor 400 he’ll give me an A ?	I sure don’t	Everybody doesn’t love raven	others
471	My	I've listened to a lot of brockhampton this year	Same here, iridescence wasn't all that bad. I'm just burnt out on it	others
472	who wants to trade free follows/ffs?	10	follow the first acc for 40, but if you follow all in my bio you’ll get 112. twd.	others
473	Happy birthday to this wild homie hope you have a grand ass lit day my dude	thanks ishy let's get it this weekend	Let’s get into some shit this weekend	others
474	I’m still in pain after being at the hospital for two days so now I’m convinced someone has me on a voodoo doll	I’m feeding yours pork and soda	Woooow this is why I’m about to die at least you’re not making it drink milk	others
475	“I’m trans wealthy!” - a non binary broke man	I’m dead	I know the craziest ppl on earth.	others
476	things we love to read • clever girls with knives • intense and complicated friendships • coats with deep magical pockets • sentient libraries • fairy tale retellings but queer • antiheroes taking a moment for tea and a nap • anxious ghosts just Doing Their Best	So, basically... V.E. Schwab?	The coat maybe? But I was actually more referencing things in the Shadowhunters and The Raven Cycle	others
477	Lmao I said I’d stop using my credit card after my November statement but I’ve been going crazy this week.	I’ve said this many times it’s a struggle bro	Like we are only 5 days in	others
478	This girl just told me she wish she was my friend because I’m an asshole	She’s not wrong though	I just don’t understand why she want to be friends with an asshole	others
479	JANENE'S SALMON CROSTINI WITH DRUNKEN NANNY LEMONY LUSH has to be a euphemism for something...	you'd think, but 'drunken nanny lemony lush' is an honest to god real product (goat cheese) and a very good goat cheese at that	Oooh, nanny goat. Gotcha. Yes, it wouldn't be drunken billy lemony lush I suppose.	others
480	Recently, I’ve been reminded that Robert Pattinson has given some of the greatest gifs to humanity. If you’re having a bad day, just look for one.	I am not a fan, but he makes me laugh. I wont say the best gifs I've seen are his, though.	I think Stephen Colbert also has excellent ones.	others
481	bel je op idaly	wheeew nee wel bijna	wejo i know you stond die er wel tussen	others
482	bruh there’s rly ppl out here getting dropped off and picked up from college	Not everyone's rich like you and has a car bro :(	i walk bro :(	others
483	Und trotzdem war die Mission $250mio über Budget.	Well, a total instrument redesign and a 2-year launch delay will do that to you.	True. But going over budget has become an expected occurance, rather than the exception it should be. Mars 2020 is also over budget by a billion dollars or so, despite reusing old hardware and not incurring development costs.	others
484	I love Mahomes don’t get me wrong.... but this is your MVP	Nope. When the media pimps up to three guys on Rams for NFL MVP, that alone should tell you they are not the NFL MVP. An MVP is a player a team can not win without. If it is unclear what Rams player is even the team's MVP, how can you consider them an NFL MVP?	It’s not unclear, Donald is their MVP by far	others
485	I’ve been absent, but  I promise y’all come Friday IM BACK BITCHES	What you going to stream???	H1 Fortnite Pubg you name it	others
486	Anyone selling individual cards ? @ me or DM me	Trade or Sell.	know a guy?	others
487	my amazon package shipped from Russia then to the US then back to Russia....	The Russians want it	but I paid for it it's mine :/	others
488	ok im sry but my music slaps	i appreciate this	i appreciate YOU	others
489	By the way, WHO NEEDS A LIFE ALERT? I think some orange guy who cannot walk 250 yards. =)	USA Today?? Lol, now that we know you are barely reading above a 5th grade level, what other tricks can you do? I bet I know one that's right up your alley.	ForTheLoveofCountry. You didn't specify. Russia? :)	others
490	2 FOG's Pub Specials (12/6 - 12/12) App: Sautéed gnocchi With grape tomato, bacon, basil and Maytag blue cheese.  Sandwich: Hatch Chili Grilled Cheese Bacon, tomato & chips....	Can u make this sans the bacon?	Let me check with our chef!	others
491	Cursed	The little guy looks creepy as hell!	That’s elf on a shelf, I’m convinced they are all products of the devils	others
492	I WANT KISS!	mood	:( we are so valid	others
493	Don’t get me wrong Xmas is good with all the family time etc but hate the thought that some people get nothing, wont see any pics of presents all over the couch at my house and if you know someone has next to nothing then do something about ittrust me it’s better than receiving	We going to take out for free on 15th then	You can you’re minted, I’ve got other deserving folk in mind	others
494	peguei o mais feio do bonde, vacilo	Cada vez me decepciono.	vish	others
495	Lmao Brandens ex is a complete joke. She messaged bran saying “ I’m upset you have a gf and look happy” LMAOOOOOOOOOOO	You should literally feel so great rn	Oh my god i do! She’s a gold digger legit and used Branden for his money and left him. Like are you good b. And she doesn’t even live in philly anymore either lmao	others
496	YUPP I WAS RIGHT YALL. SEÁN IN AN ALL BLACK SUIT IS A FUCKIN LOOK	I ask for little in this world...and this is one of those things.	I knew it was going to be good.	others
497	Do ya'll' go to the gym?	yea	Are you a muscleman then?	others
498	wait csgo is free hell yea	for nonprime which = shit	what is the difference?	others
499	can you contact me immediately this is the real Fadil dm me	No need, you know what u gotta do	Dm me	others
500	sometimes i forget its december and that i have 5 more chances to call dee a **** blessings really come thru y’all	didnt u already use one	i did, remember i had 6	others
501	Happy birthday to me	HBDay	Thats so kind of you	others
502	I couldn’t love	I did write it Brian! From this post	I am almost sure we lifted it directly from your site	others
503	We need to focus on voting reforms that making voting easier rather than ones that make it compulsory.	But you’ll never get the time of turnout you get when it’s compulsory. Voting should be MUCH easier but I am also pro the Australian system.	I just very mixed feelings about criminalizing things	others
504	I could just listen to Emily all day I love her she makes me laugh so much!	She is so down to earth x	I know I love her!x	others
505	Does anyone know where i can find all the storyline? I'm curious to watch it. Thanks!	Enjoy: .	Thanks a lot	others
506	oho~	27!	I ... may have listened to this one a lot before adding it to a certain kid's playlist	others
507	i just got back from presenting my masters thesis at a shakespeare conference hehehe that was exciting	That’s amazing!! Glad it went well	i’m made up!!	others
508	Dstrkt is too nice to be so weak lol	wasn’t it going for the first time when herb came?	Hell yeah. I think bc it’s so big It always looks so weak lol	others
509	Do u think tu, n will be x3 elegible platinum before the year ends? And wow imagine if she goes diamong... Well that wont happen but	won’t happen YET	The 3 plat is possible	others
510	Wow what unBEARable working conditions	I’m blocking you.	That's understandable	others
511	The transition is instant... and they're is no going back	The misuse of they're is messing with my inner Grammar Nazi..... but can confirm instant transition. (There* is no going back)	I just tried to write a response saying I used the right there... and it autocorrected 3 times... I think someone is playing with my replace settings!!!	others
512	Which one should I get ?	Cat	I want one so bad but Mario allergic to them & my mama scared of them	others
513	You’re cheeks bruh	You don’t want no smoke	I want all of it	others
514	Groovy Grandma! XX	Fabulous	Isn't she just?	others
515	I want to poke your cheeks :(	My wisdom teeth have my face swollen	Bsbdjsjs so cute I'm crying in the darkness	others
516	Dec 6 is my birthday. It has become a day to remember the violence against women daily.  The two on the same day give me the proper reflection and focus, I think	Happy Birthday! Birthdays are great days to reflect, in general, and then to celebrate. Hope you have a great day & many more.	Thanks!!!!!	others
517	I saw this woman in McDonald’s today. Pretty wild she showed up on twitter.	Isn’t it a dude? I’ve seen him in Taco Bell	I have no idea because I heard him/her in McDonald’s today and sounded feminine	others
518	The deadline for activation has passed, so Jonathan Stewart will remain on IR for the rest of the season. Keeps him fresh for the second year of his contract.	Hey Dan, I'm thinking when DG was hired- he wanted a better culture with the team. Knows and trusts Stewart, especially with a very young RB room. Would you agree?	I suppose. Also think he could have signed Stewart for around the minimum.	others
519	man I love my phone	I know	text me so I can save yo number	others
520	PSA: STOP SPELLING PEDOPHILE LIKE P*DOPHILE THIS MAKES IT SHOW UP ON PEOPLE’S TIMELINES EVEN IF THEY HAVE IT MUTED AND IT CAN TRIGGER PEOPLE, DON’T BE FLAKY OKAY??? JUST USE THE WHOLE ASS WORD SO PEOPLE CAN STAY SAFE!!!	omg,,, but yeah i don't understand it ???	It’s really annoying because I have those words muted for a REASON and to see them makes me so annoyed	others
521	I feel so bad for future Seth! He’s gonna be “downtrodden”.	Living in the shadow of Lamarcus...... ‘s dong	I’m in tears!!	others
522	Long shot I know but I’ve left my wallet on your 16.55 London St Pancras to Faversham. You couldn’t please retweet this or ask the kind individual who will find it, to keep the £80 but please hand it in so I can get all my ID cards back. Thanks John	Hope you get it back, there are some honest people around	Thank you, fingers crossed there are.. I could really do without the aggravation of applying for new ID cards.	others
523	I don't understand why my coworkers and my boss thinks I'm a walking sex symbol.	Where do you want me to start	you may begin	others
524	so now we’re creating drama over having favs?? can everyone calm THE FUCK DOWN? everyone has that member they like a bit more stop making ppl feel bad for literally doing ANYTHING	thats just the guilt from stanning calum talking	i fucking luv calum ok there is no guilt here NEVER	others
525	Hope the designers + engineers who made the Belle animatronic are having a good week	i just saw that thats wild!!! i cant even wrap it around my head that thats an irl thing!!!!!	Robots are stupid advanced nowadays and if we don't try to make them look like real people (a fool's dream currently) we can do some magic	others
526	Apple people!! Is there a way to play/ shuffle only recently added songs?	Go under your playlists and there’s an automatic playlist created for your recently added	Thank you!	others
527	Sliding around the house in my chanlcas bc I gotta practice for when I ice skate at union square	Tape cups to your feet that’s how it feels like lmao	Hahahahahahah omg I’m so gonna try this if I bust my ass that’ll be why	others
528	Gutted I’m missing this	looks	Yeah trust me got an exam tomorrow so won’t stay up	others
529	Some verizon guys come to my house 3x in the past 2 hours tryna scold my non english speaking mom into buying they products and i honestly feel bad for the last one cause i just violated	Smh	My mama like “i dont really speak english” and guy says “i hear you speaking english now *chuckles* so how much you paying for ur monthly cable” smh	others
530	Someone’s finally getting grilled in the GC, and it’s not me	It’s gotta be the resident victim of rivers	Nah it’s not afrim	others
531	Finally, a post that describes Bush as I remember him   cc ⁦	Oui cette béatification est un poil gênante.	Read on a thread: “The Bush family will end up with a sanitized legacy they do NOT deserve because of the disgusting that is setting the standard now” - my thoughts exactly	others
532	I told yall Niggaz , three is a beautiful network in the UK , now look at you O2 cockroaches	As a three customer I can confirm it is trash.	are u crazy?sisterjiii	others
533	I still think DJ Wilson can turn into a decent player ..his shooting for a big man is above avg and he can handle the ball and has good footwork	Same. But his hair makes me hate him. And his mannerism and lax effort pisses me off	I know he was kinda lollygagging to set screens last night ..granted the game was over when you are trying to make an impression it's not ideal	others
534	Today is a perfect day for soup. Or... RAMEN. Yes. Ramen.	We got the memo apparently. Just had ramen at Dozo	Deeeelicious. I think & I will make it to the place by me this weekend, if this weather holds up.	others
535	Tomorrow’s daily vlog wants your questions. What you got for me and	"Explain a ""block"" plz"	Coach can you help here.	others
536	curry college is 0-8 in basketball	Omw	i dont deserve this	others
537	Honestly this is my favorite look I’ve ever done so simple but like wow	What did you use in the waterline	A Neon Pigment stack	others
538	I sometimes feel as though my life is a Philip K. Dick novel. I am human but living with the memories of an extraterrestrial (Pleiadian Alliance security officer) - currently tasked with rewriting human origins prior to open ETI contact. Weird is the new normal.	It's because reality is and always has been a PKD novel xD	Between his many stories anyone can gain a sufficient understanding of reality!	others
539	♡´･ᴗ･`♡	THATS MY BESTFRIEND	I love you jay!	others
540	If there was a problem Yo, I’ll solve it These tenses don’t work and now my DJ just quit	but he’ll still revolve it, right?	I JUST DONT KNOW CHRISTOPHER	others
541	"You stand with failure. You stand with incompetence You stans with nepotism You stand with tribalism All for the small ""change"" wey d go give you."	Name your criminal candidate, why are you ashamed to mention his/her name?	Do i need to have a candidate? Are they not both criminals?  Damn you man. I don't even have a voters card nor will i be present to vote. I'm just trying to make you see through the fact that you've been mentally enslaved by Buhari but its obvious you enjoy slavery	others
542	Relationship lasted less than me n cara ahahaha	What a thing to post on the internet	'nothing better than going for a run'	others
543	Someone should ask me what I want as Xmas gift naw	Stop crying, what do you want???	Jumjum I want an android phone	others
544	Punishment Martinez seems awesome (had heard good things but never seen him before) but... everyone's just ok with that name? It's like Undertaker Jones	I like names like that and in wrestling it's fun. Wouldn't make much sense elsewhere. I was talking while I was watching it, but I almost remember commentary giving a reason he was named Punishment.	I'm cool with Punishment. It's having a regular surname too that throws me! Luis Martinez or Punishment, or even Luis 'Punishment' Martinez. It's this middle ground that's wild to me Saying that, Hulk Hogan did alright!	others
545	Anybody have any recommendations on how to clean all white shoes the best?	Baking soda and toothpaste! Soap “Zote” works really well as well. Don’t let them dry outside either or use bleach because they’ll turn yellow	They have different kinds of Zote i think, will using the pink bar affect the color?	others
546	I'm not punching down on a dipshit with 172 followers. Because I've grown as a person in these last few years on Twitter. Ahahahahahaha. Okay, I haven't grown as a person. I'm just tired.	sometimes laziness works in our favor	It's honestly saved me from so much peril.	others
547	I want a baby SO bad	leggo	Waiting for u, boo	others
548	really wish my neighbors dog didn’t bark all day long	That shit so annoying lol	Girrrrrl soooo annoying lmao like I wish they’d buy that shit a muzzle	others
549	would you look at that, yet another day of no parcel, and shitty customer service, and no way of actually speaking to someone or making a complaint, or even getting my money back :)))) fucking shambles	If you can please respond with your query as a direct DM I will be able to assist you further -  Syed	Can you actually respond to your dms as I’m beyond disgusted with the service from this company	others
550	Yesterday was funny asf so mf dirty	Here u go don’t start mf.	You don’t bathe and that’s ok. dirty ass	others
551	Air Canada still hasn't found my switch and I have a feeling she's just gone for good.	I’m soooo sorry	I just feel really dumb and upset because my husband gave it to me. If I bought it myself and lost it I'd feel less shit about it.	others
552	is it true that dynasty's gonna take ANOTHER week off after 2x08 and air the mid-season finale on the 21st?	well on tvtime it says so sigh,,, and also agree thats just as stupid as tgp taking a mini break for like two weeks, coming back today and then not airing till january again lmfao	yeah tvtime's where i saw it and then i googled the episode and the 21st still came up ugh. i'd rather just have a slightly longer hiatus than be teased with ONE episode and then even more time off	others
553	I have these cheesy ideas that never see the light of day but,,, I jada thought that it I ever got rly good at my art I’d make a “my inserts react” to shit and one day they’d react to whatever new fav I introduced including the new insert/soma or whatevs—	that sound super fun!!	Aaaaa I’m glad!! It’s a fun concept to me bc it shows the slight differences in my inserts even tho they’re all me they are kind of different bc of their environment and backstories and stuff	others
554	Yo	Give 'em a pizza your mind, pal.	You can have a piece for free - don’t have the cheeseburger pizza. It’s shite, pal.	others
555	Today I auditioned for Disney and made their casting pool. I spoke with strangers and made new friends.  I made people laugh.  Last week I wanted the world to end.  Every day gets better. Persevere.	I thought princess couldn’t have piercings? Not shade just curious...	Generous of you to assume I auditioned for a princess I went for a character performer! So I’d be in those big costumes with a head and everything. So I could have my piercings!	others
556	100% of people who don't like Mii Fighters wanted one of the characters they made a costume of in the game as a character and are still salty	Jman why did you retweet this I know you hate them	Because he knows it’s the truth	others
557	So I haven't received a bill from oge for November and now December and I was like hmm..what's going?  I finally checked it out and they gave me credit for always paying on time for the last 12 months so they gave me a $150 credit for a job well done!	That’s pretty bomb, all they ever give me is power outages lol	Hahaha!!! I'm just seeing this!	others
558	Lana Del Rey and A$AP Rocky!!!!!	this is my spring break. get me these tickets, spirit mother	Alright	others
559	On the road to Indianapolis! What are you listening to?? What other questions do you have?? I’m listening to	Listening to The Gits. Live in Louisville. Great record.	I looooooove them	others
560	You ever met someone so fine and you scared to loose them like that's the last fine person on the planet?!. Bruh	Nope.	You will soon.	others
561	sm: we’re going to randomly pull winwin out of promotions for an entire comeback and not tell you why me:	hes working on nct vision!	i know djfjfhfjf he’s my ult so i definitely know, i just mean technically sm hasn’t given us a reason	others
562	On my computer right now. Last minute sprint to get more new tributes for NJ	you got this!!	I keep telling myself to just breath, breath!!! LOL	others
563	Glo is useless.	These past few days has been extremely annoying	It gets worse by the day, so frustrating.	others
564	My man is so hot That’s it that’s the tweet	You are hotter	You hype me up just right	others
565	I really don’t care about walking in the rain, but I just care that I got so many layers on. Like I’m not gonna be cold. But my outfit may suffer	A hoe never gets cold	Bitch… I’m FREEZING	others
566	it's me ur local predictable indie boi	odeszA	i l o v e	others
567	I need ’s “Send food” sign from nationals but instead have it be “send warmth”	i wasnt joking, it's freezing.	My Californian sensibilities can’t take it	others
568	Sadly our initiative of Food Bank donation in Stevenage this Saturday will not now be happeningit’s been like pulling via and. We have had no return calls or messages at least we tried	That is such a shame Andy.	We tried council given 2 numbers. Email and Twitter	others
569	living thru short term misery just so i dont live in long term misery is like.....not really worth it??  aka fuck grad school, banish it to hell	We need margs pronto	ive cried like 3????? times this week so yes!	others
570	GET YO ASS UP!	Me no speak English	ima come beat on that door	others
571	Um that’s the flag of Cote d’Ivoire, Not Ireland	I was just to point that out!!  Piss poor knowledge	I was shouting IT’S WRONG! IT’S WRONG! and then they got the next country through	others
572	me when veigar puts a cage around me	good meme i laughed	i literally jst played a game against a veigar in urf nexus blitz and He Really Just Trapped Me	others
573	Hey so I know some of you still follow Notch, just wanted to let you know the dude's deffo a Nazi now, in case you wanted to jump off that train	No idea who this clown is, blocked.	Don't forget to block the dongers in the replies for maximum value!	others
574	Howard Terminal field dimensions - 325 down the lines, 400 to center	Seems like a pitchers park... depends on the allies	Yeah, she didn't talk about the alleys. But she did say that the foul territory is very minimal, so beneficial to hitters on that metric.	others
575	. We were wondering if you could toss us something to donate to the raffle? Maybe a case of beer or a voucher for your tap room?	Hey Jon, you'll want to send details to us via our Sponsorships and Donations form, this will get it routed to the right person internally.	Just a quick question, because this is on short notice... and it appears as though you require 30 days notice, is there someone I could give a call to and discuss this further over the phone?	others
576	No one is surprised. .	mine was better last year tbh. like don’t get me wrong, it’s good, I’m just side eyeing why some of the songs are on there bc I didn’t listen to them that much	my last two are soley because i have them on while studying, but then it makes the tow'rs even more alarming	others
577	That moment when it hits you, the clarity suddenly smacks you upside the head and you wonder how you were on a fog for so long... If you are feeling like shit and feel you won't come out of it I am here to say, I assure you, you will and when you do it will be wonderful.	What happened... Just realised that milk sours if left out?	Good thing I don't drink milk.	others
578	i need to do my remedy	Fightinggg	thankyou	others
579	popped in to say hello tonight, the lasses said you were at a gig though.	Awww no way man! Yeah I'm currently waiting for Flogging Molly at the 02 are you going to pop in again before Christmas?	Oh whey aye	others
580	This is how non-sports fans look at us when we’re crying over our teams doing badly	crying uno apathy is the wave now	I’m trying man :(	others
581	andrea pretending to care about kun	HES LITERALLY ... MY SECOND BIAS MADAM	so why is he still in my basement ? you didn’t love him enough to break him out	others
582	Flying my friends out to Dubai in 3 years!	I’m ready.	I ain’t heard from you in bout 2 weeks.	others
583	The dark side of being an extrovert is being drained by yourself but also knowing you’re actively stealing introverts’ life force.	that's hot	I’ve stolen a life force or two ;)	others
584	Especially when I'm smoking like BRAH.	Like Brah Stfu Pass The J	Omg. And when it's my blunt I'll lose a whole smokin partner cause I get rude. Don't let my shit just burn	others
585	you casually meet jonah and your last saved draft is the first thing he says to you	lol	I’m dying	others
586	De verdad lo único chingon del rewind de este año fue julioprofe	Ve el 2012 o 2013, son hermosos :')	Facts pt 2	others
587	Feeling attacked is my new hobby :‘)	IM SO SORRY SJSJJS	It‘s ok there are just a lot of feels rn	others
588	This is a great example of a sack that should NEVER happen. Cohen turns and faces Daniel. Why doesn't Chase make this throw?	I think there’s a guy right behind him reading the play. Needs to throw it in dirt.	Give your guy a chance to make the play. The completion is there. Make it.	others
589	Wait he’s a rapist ?	Was* askip et ct en 1995	A rapist still a rapist	others
590	I read it so positively I really thought what you thought!	I am glad someone can agree	And i was looking for someone who thought like that !Gald I ain't the only one !	others
591	"OMG Spyro! I played this a ton as a kid I loved it so much! *2 seconds later* ""Wait you can glide? I don't remember that!"" Are you... are you serious"	Where is this from ?	It's just a general thing really, calling out people who act like this. But I was watching this:	others
592	um this makes me uncomfortable	I thought I was the only one who found it a bit...off	it’s so weird and gross to see them as children......	others
593	Yesterday	WOOOOOOAH YAAAAAAAY! That is one super loved baby! Congratulations!	It’s almost like she been adopted by Halifax twitter as one of their own today too.	others
594	oomfiess don’t ignore me	27!	there u go !	others
595	Imagine crashing into a fence 2 week before christmas	Are you kidding me how!!!	Crashed into a fence why me	others
596	Oh man. I hope my flight gets out before this hits.	me too!	Path* (where's my edit button)	others
597	Mighty Car Mods made me remember my first car... the definition of Sex Spec! what car did you have for your first? Or did you have any Vehicles suitable fot the cover of Max Power?	My car was a lovely Escort Rs	Ahhh yes the Chav vehicle of choice back in that day I wish I had one	others
598	"Check Dreama Moon. This ""teacher"" is getting paid almost 150k a year to indoctrinate college students into liberal lunacy. We need MASSIVE educational and teacher reform."	I couldn't believe they had actually employed someone like this to teach !	That's what is so scary, these people are influencing children and young people in a negative way.	others
599	I hate her	She’s losing it	Clearly I know she see meek winning prolly going thru a mid life crises	others
600	who wants to buy my prom dress? it's only $800	LMFAOOOOOOO girl you better work the corner	It's too cold for all of that so ima just start selling	others
601	it's THAT time huh ⊙▽⊙ it's my birthday!!	Happy Birthday hope you have an amazing day with lots of presents	thanks much Hitsu!! you're too sweet ;A;	others
602	all i want for christmas is fluffy pillows, blankets, and a quesadilla maker	But mostly the quesadilla maker	mostly	others
603	I LOVE HAPPY ENDINGS AND I LOVE YOONMIN AND I LOVE THIS AU OMG IM GONNA MISS THIS SM	AHHHHH I LOVE YOU, ITS BEEN A RIDE BUT THANK U	I LOVE YOU TOO YOURE SUCH AN AMAZING WRITER I LOOK FOWARD TO SEEING MORE OF YOUR AUS	others
604	i have the schuyler sisters stuck in my head	okay but is that necessarily a bad thing?	absolutely not it's a jam	others
605	Hi Dionne, I am showing your bag has been offloaded in Atlanta. It should be on your flight from Atlanta to Brunswick. *TJW	Thank you so much for the rapid response. I’ve experienced bag delays twice in a row and of course it’s stressful. I love and seldom fly other carriers. I appreciate your responsiveness.	You are welcome! Please don't hesitate to reach out any time you have a question or need assistance. *TJW	others
606	Started this shit at 4:30pm. Now it’s nearly ten. It’s like the creators don’t want you to play this game yano	What’s your speed	Abysmal It goes from 20mb to nothing like every 30 seconds it’s doing my nut in	others
607	My best bud be on twitter trying to get famous off these lil relationship tweets .. knowing he don’t do nothing he be talking about	Stop hating hoecan’t believe you	you know you ain’t even like that	others
608	wait why doesn't anyone ever visit madrid?	Because it's expensive.	Oooh. Makes sense. I googled it and it is also apprently in the center of the peninsula which, why would you go to peninsula and live as far from sea as earthly possible.	others
609	Check out Velvet Shoulder Tube Dress x check this out!!!	I have the body for it	I know that's why I tagged you!!	others
610	Jim from Crestwood?!? Aw man..one of the greats that made me fall in love with the show. Wow, the rule of 3...	Where did you hear this?!?! He was my favorite.	A caller called in and told it	others
611	One key lost she go make mrɛ roff	LMAO crazy stress	No joke	others
612	I think I want Emily to win now	Noooooooo	To be fair my mind has changed every day with the most boring series of I’m a celeb so far	others
613	Daaaaaaammmmn	no shit	what our ugly asses do to you lol	others
614	Are you considered winners if you’re the Super Bowl champs??	Winners yes..should Kamu be talking? Probably not.	Agreed very embarrassing if the eagles don’t show up Sunday	others
615	My daddy made it down, I found a dress, I passed all my classes, time going by fast while I’m at work.... I deserve a drink	see i thought i deserved one too i ended up drunk asf	that’s what I’m tryna get to	others
616	tonight is my night	Tonight S galbe	Yes baby	others
617	You really needed to quote again mawma, Imma real idol was complete shit n any other song on answer could’ve done better !	ma i accidentally deleted... it ain’t that deep. your point?	my point was idol was shit that was it . ain’t needing you in my mentions	others
618	WIP!!  A mystery pupper! Who are they? You can guess breed, but it's pretty telling already!	A beautiful chow?	Hehe, perhaps, perhaps! But don't tell anyone, it's a secret!!	others
619	aye that Ariana Grande joint rock low key	I listen to it everyday, if I could milly rock I imagine myself doin that to it; like a cute girly milly rock but I can’t sooo	can twerk but can’t dance	others
620	Bloody long shot but has anyone got the live lounge cd of 2015 that I could borrow? Cause all I need it for is Shutdown!	this??	Yeah man! I need for my iPod (old skool ain’t I)	others
621	What are some games you'd like to see talked about on the podcast?	I think a Falcom Special that does an overview of all their IPs would be great!	Well there's definitely going to be an Ys in depth look later, but I suppose a brief overview of each series would be fun! Maybe you and would like to do that?	others
622	Congratulations to Zach for being our Striking Statesman for Trimester 1! This kindergartner is an incredible Statesman and friend. He helps make our classroom an amazing place to be. Way to go, Zach!	I love that the certificate is upside down!!!! thank you so much for selecting him!!!	Hahaha, isn’t that priceless?! He deserves it!	others
623	Yes shoutout to my bestie boo 4 bringing me lunch at worku da best	Bahah I love you	I love you :D	others
624	hands that should be holding each other’s right now	I WASNT READY TO READ THAT	me too i just hurt myself reading my own tweet	others
625	Thank you	We’ll see them live one day together	DOWN	others
626	help pls My internet is just fine, I'm recieving messages just fine, but whenever I try to send a message, an apparent network error occurs and nothing sends. It's like a 60-40 chance of it sending	Hmm, does it give any sort of error message, or does it just give the red text & resend?	This is basically what's happening	others
627	It makes me fucking sick to my stomach thinking about how oranges are constantly belittled and associated with apples and bananas when they’re clearly the superior fruit	Wait I completely missed this absolute searing take  Apples > oranges > bananas any day of the week!!!	This Opinion Is Not Good, Josh	others
628	Boys and their toys - Happy holidays from Komatsu!	Surely the scarf is a choking hazard..	He’s got an awareness cone, hi-viz and a hard hat. He’ll be fine. Might want some gloves though. Hand injuries are a thing	others
629	Flea market find; a PC bigbox copy of a Psygnosis game I have never heard of before: Microcosm from 1994, in really good nick.	If I remember right, the CD also contains the soundtrack by Rick Wakeman.	Might have a look and see if its playable in a CD player...	others
630	tengo ganas de discutir quiero drama me aburro	me puedo hacer pasar por una sebaek shipper a full y tú ser una chanbaek supremacist si quieres	go chanbaek or go home!!!!!	others
631	Thanks for the follow Coach!	No problem! Thanks for hosting a great event today from the guys over in Americus Ga!	Actually I'm in California. Joe is hosting the event and I know he's doing great things for athletes and colleges!	others
632	yeah i have asian in my family but i’m not going to cry about calling a takeaway a chinky? so don’t bring my ethnicity into this, also you calling yasmin a “white girl” can be taken in offence as well so don’t come @ her for being racist when you are too x	hold on....are people getting triggered because yas called a chinese takeaway a chinky???	yep exactly that	others
633	Went to a new pizza place for lunch and asked the lady working what was popular there and she said it depends on what I like and I said no it doesn't and it was downhill from there	Hard to fuck up pizza	Pizza was good but that conversation was a minefield	others
634	Cute video = balling my eyes out  Love crazy emotions	just savanna things  so quirky	It b like that sometimes	others
635	i had to get rid of my full name off my header hA cuz some of my irls that i’m not rly friends w/ found my twt so we’re being sneky now	shit should I take mine off too to hide	idk they didn’t bother to look at my following so i think ur good	others
636	Y’all just don’t understand	Lmfaooooo	I’m lowkey dying	others
637	Evangelicals are often the first to cry is RIGHT	A bit of scripture twisting on your side too it seems....	Okay - such as? If I’m on the wrong side of scripture in my beliefs (I know I’m often offside in my behaviour) then I want to know so I can self-correct.	others
638	“This ain’t it!” (Chief et al., 2018.)	(Everyone et al, 2018) lmao	Loool honestly, every soul	others
639	were the 7th most viewed artist globally on YouTube in 2018. They got 5B views in a year.	Does this include official and non official bts videos?	Maybe	others
640	More Met line genius today - changing a semi fast to an all stations at HOTH without announcing it and AFTER the doors have closed for people to get off. Morons.	Hi Bex. Sorry that this happened, I can appreciate how frustrating this would be. Please can you let me know the time this happened please and I'll pass this on to the line managers for further investigation. Many thanks, Tom.	Hello?	others
641	I hate hearing my name I can’t wait to change it to something less repulsive	Give me ur fursona name and I'll call u that	I have gone by many names, but none more fearsome than Hey You, In The Bushes	others
642	So I messaged the love of my fucking life “how are you “ literally last week... why this Nigga been watching all my stories but can’t hit me BACK like I love you sir plz	Lol sis , ON TO THE NEXT	I’m so mad	others
643	Slit my wrists and accelerate the timeframe	Are you OK bro? talk to me bitch.	If life decides I have two hours to live I'm going out on my own terms	others
644	That sound you can hear is your media budget turning into piss and then evaporating. Courtesy Mediatel Limited and Ebiquity plc	Why at we sell video advertising that is Human, Viewable, sound on and pay on complete.	And skippable too right Marco?	others
645	Does anyone have an idea where I can find a ferrous sheet of metal that's ~10-in x ~24-in locally? I'm working on a project and don't want to go have something custom cut.	How thick? That's not a stock size, so it'll be cut to order pretty much anywhere. Bayshore Metals?	Thin. Basically a magnet board backing I’m going to put a veneer on. Want to stick it on a fridge that’s non ferrous.	others
646	One problem is that it is not how they explained their view to us. They said neutral is in a range of 0.5 to 1.5 in real terms.	But that's all just made up, right?	Pretty funny. I'd agree with you except the Fed peeps believe they have to have a framework. Is it credible is a better question.	others
647	i accidentally brushed my teeth with my face wash... got airdropped nudes on muni, then quit my job. happy wednesday.	it’s thursday	oh yeah didn’t sleep tuesday so im a day behind.	others
648	If you think Brian Cashman is a “prospect hugger” I’m about to show you proof that he’s not. I’m sorry that I’m going to ruin that illusion for you.  Robertson  T. Frazier  Kahnle  Gray Stanton Happ Britton Paxton	Do you think Robbie is coming back?	Don’t see it at this point.	others
649	I’m ready to go home and eat	You or the baby?	Probably her	others
650	My cat always knows when it's my day off so he comes into my room to watch TV with me	That’s the cutest thing!?	Yeah he's the cutest wee boi	others
651	Any thoughts on what’s going on in France?	They are realizing a globalist elite asshole is probably not going to care about the people of France	Predictions on what will come out of all this?	others
652	Happy birthday to the most beautiful human I’ve ever met, you have such a beautiful soul and such a kind heart. Thank you for helping me and for keeping up with my shit. I love you more than you’ll ever imagine! يااحلى بارني بحياتتتي	احبكك يا احلى Kermit	Much more :’)	others
653	I love how everyone just keeps shitting on me and treating me like trash but I understand it bc I deserve it	No you dont :(	I do tho but ily thank you	others
654	Wow Jerm Ana & Thurm daughters are beautiful y’all about to have me fuckin reckless	Nigga that’s my baby lol	Lmfaooooooo she gonna act like you too nigga better get ya act right	others
655	i have 65 accounts muted	AM I ONE OF THOSE	i mute you for like an hour sometimes when you’re going too ham on the tweets lmaoooo	others
656	The UK doesn't give into to threats of terrorism.	Desperate stuff from , truly scraping the bottom of the barrel. Instead of condemning threats of violence this self proclaimed pious Christian magnifies them.	It's almost like they want to undemine Leave's credibility.	others
657	I think I don't really like canonverse, but maybe it was just a couple bad experiences with canonverse that negatively colored my perception, because as I've intentionally reading more canonverse...and I am enjoying all it of?	what’ve you read so far and liked	Probably nothing you haven't read, but You'll Be The One to Turn, Behemoth, and The Black Forest. Reading Distractions now--about 8 chapters in, and am really enjoying it too!	others
658	Still upbeat	Upbeat *but sad that’s me.	Yeah. Tonight I'm upbeat about facing the truth of our utter powerlessness.	others
659	Decided the spruce up my banner. 1st time I've changed it since starting the account.	No new teen titans?	New Teen Titans became Tales of Teen Titans around issue 37. Then a 2nd series that ran alongside it for some time started in 84 also called New Teen Titans, which itself switched names to New Titans late in the run. It's a little confusing lol.	others
660	masked 𖤐 master	beautiful	thank u	others
661	Starbucks lady: what are you having? Me: what do you suggest since I’m studying? Sb lady: our new nitro coffee Me: ok Me: ummm this good	The baristas know best!	She did and I was up like the sun lol the coffee was great though!	others
662	Alright y’all, if I got a bunch of Christmas cards like this made would y’all want one if all you had to do is pay for shipping?	Can you just ship me your dog? Thanks	Ahah sorry but he’s all mine	others
663	I have taken to blocking more than I used to as it prevents people piggybacking on tweets for their own delight in being rude or conveying flat earth science	Is there such a thing as flat earth science, I always thought of it as flat earth nonsense and nothing else!	Flat earth science is quite a sarcastic phrase	others
664	WeVideo makes green screening and video editing so much fun. Our historical monologues are coming to life. Thanks Mr. Leonard for the access	I would like to visit so that I can see your Ss creations. Also, if your Ss could teach me how to use	Absolutely!	others
665	*sees Lucretia(	Cute! :3	I know.	others
666	I LOVE COOL ANIMATRONICS AND OH WOW	WHAT THE FRICK	IT’S SO!!!! SMOOTH!!! REAL LIFE ANIMATION	others
667	me moving from ygo hell to persona hell	im cryin we had the opposite transformation	you passed me the persona baton and i consecutively passed you the yugioh baton	others
668	Anyway am joking my ass is lit and thinking of possibilities	sorry i’m into men	did I say anything	others
669	I can't stand texting people who don't have their read receipts on	Mind your business	are you triggered because you don’t have your read receipts on?	others
670	There are so many interviews where Bernie is incredibly disrespectful to women on panels. Always the women. Then again, do you really expect someone who respects women to have written this? He was over 30 years old when he wrote it for his local Vermont paper.	are y’all really still trying this? do y’all not know how to interpret what you read as something with a deeper meaning?	Just for fun, tell us the “deeper meaning” of this Bernie Sander’s quote.	others
671	acute angle might delete l8r lol	Haters would say it’s fake, you look good	for the people<3 thank u	others
672	"Two flexing arms meme where the arms are tumblr and twitter, and in the middle is ""not appreciating my good posts"""	I've been calling it Predator Solidarity since the scene is from Predator	I'm so glad the characters from Predator can come together to collectively ignore my good posts	others
673	johnny depp ... he a nasty man and OVERRATED	JOHNNY DEPP IS THE WORST I REFUSE TO WATCH ANY MOVIES HE’S IN (rip my love for Sweeney Todd)	my love for harry potter ??? it can't be continued ... fuck u all, for giving johnny a JOB after he did the lone ranger	others
674	hey guys!! i would really appreciate it if you kept me and my family in your thoughts/prayers. we are going through some tough times	I hope everything goes well! I know y'all will make it!!!	thank you!! i really appreciate it	others
675	Probably not gonna watch the game awards live. The fact that dragon age inquisition won 2014 is laughable.	Inquisition was a pretty good game not game of the year material to me though.	Yea! Totally agree I like it a lot better then Skyrim but it’s definitely not game of year material. Same thing can be said about Spider-Man	others
676	Gemini’s are fucking annoying so sorry bookie	lol i beg to differ	Y’all attitudes erk my nerves.	others
677	YALL WANT HER??	YES !!!!!	Thank u king	others
678	Yesterday's stream ended up me picking any word and using it as a pick line. , are right behind! So, can give you me your best pick up line? I'll read them out loud on my stream later!	I could give you my best, but I’m preeeetty sure your BF would be pissed when you leave him for me after hearing it.	OH! NOW I NEED TO HEAR IT!	others
679	bad choices make good stories	But only if you live to tell the tale	if i don’t live on, my legacy will	others
680	Someone doesn’t want me to pass my finals..	Good boyyyyyyy!	Its a girl and she’s a bad dog	others
681	Just had a look on the FA website and the FA Cup 3rd round fixture dates are on there. They’ve got both us and pigs on the Saturday	No chance bet we get Sunday on tv . Sure Luton played Newcastle last year in fa cup I was up there that weekend they took thousands so no doubt they will against us	TV games already been released mate! I thought we’d have been moved to the Sunday regardless though.	others
682	Matt Chapman is of course our true Lord and Savior.	Chapman, Olson and Laureano. The holy trinity?	The council acknowledges Matt Olson’s greatness but unsure if it warrants God status.  We will congregate and review his status.	others
683	So they gonna send me my $15 I spent how long ago to buy the game? What about everyone else who paid?	Feel bad for you	I bought game in like 2015 lol anyone who bought the game years ago is most likely feeling the same way. I’m 90% sure of it. I didn’t recently buy it	others
684	Is it me or does the top half of Michael’s body not look in proportion to his legs?	Good point!	I don’t know why I was looking at it to notice it but now I’ve noticed it, I can’t unsee it	others
685	How has this made sky news	You know you’re gutted	Not arsed in the slightest	others
686	Just going to leave these death crosses on	What MA's are these	50 and 200 3D MA. I am using MA to get less choppiness and more support	others
687	the one people bash 24/7 on the internet for no reason	visual?	I don’t have any visuals	others
688	Playing Smash in handheld is cramp city, just like it was on the 3DS	I've never these issues with any game other than Kid Icarus on 3DS, I must have tiny hands. :/	I have gigantic hands :(	others
689	Solo riders who jump in the front seat with the Uber driver........... ......... who hurt you by convincing you it’s normal to jump in the front street with the Uber driver?!	But they aren't limo drivers. Maybe they want to company. Maybe they'd be offended if we sit in the back.	**looks like we got one** {I hold you up in my fishing net}	others
690	lol	Omg.	How do you even tweet that with a straight face?	others
691	okay sure umm five things i love that aren’t people or books:  rain  pigs:’)  potatoes<3  the beach  butterflies let me tag	What the fuck does this mean	its a tag:)	others
692	I’m president of Islam no we didn’t vote on it Cuz we are Muslim and voting is haram	So legally I can kill you for the spot of leader	No I changed that law	others
693	Owen got banned from twitter for asking David Hogg about his pubes and saying the N word constantly	Ahhhh yes Owen Benjamin. What can we say about Owen that hasn’t been said abt ppl reproducing with tractors	We can say that his life has been in freefall since Christina Ricci left him and that’s literally it	others
694	why does ex oomf still creep on my account, kinda obsessive but okay	Blockkkk	honestly ur right, i just didn’t wanna look shady jkskdk	others
695	BRO NO WAY	Dont worry	No I wasn't worried actually lol	others
696	Exactly.	you do realize that responses like this fail to feed the 24-hour global outrage machine. ;) (Side-note: 1996 me is still somewhat in disbelief that I actually experienced a range of emotions watching a video of Bob Dole yesterday.)	LOL!! If you start going soft on Cheney there’s a good chance you’ll be blocked.	others
697	Really want a ETF so I can short the sucker.	I swore the Venn diagram of Tesla bulls and Bitcoin bulls was 99% There’s , I believe it’s shortable with special margin reqs	Good to know, thank you! Guess I’m the 1% ;-)	others
698	More free 에서	Send me one to Texas	They were all scooped up! I looked! Ask , she might have extras.	others
699	No hope for humanity with this type of disrespect	Check out the professors twitter! I guess it was an assignment.	Yes we all get finessed my a teacher	others
700	Tonight, I attended the	Hey Jose, did they say why the soil in Fullerton are so corrosive?	They did not. I assume it's because of the decades of industrial contamination that's been declared as a US EPA Superfund site.	others
701	I love her but sometimes she’s just gotta SHUT TF UP	Yes just stfu sometimes! Damn with yo ghetto ass!!!	People always talking about Cardi B but she has taken the baton from her on ghetto	others
702	A deep area of low pressure will bring severe	Why is this not a named storm?	Hello. The expected overall impact on the UK is not deemed severe enough to warrant naming the system. You can find out more about how and when a storm will be named here: ^Dan	others
703	Dear Climate Change, can you please not rain tomorrow so our show doesnt get cancelled. Amen.	At least you got the urban swag lol fuck em	True we DID get swagged up for free atleast	others
704	-	yo what size is that you wearing before I order mine...	The fit is baggy so if you want it slimmer order a size down from your usual size. Mine there is a medium.	others
705	That why you coming fast tune is weird lol	There’s a riddim?	It's called why you coming fast loool	others
706	Now I just need to figure out if my fictional-writing ass is capable of stringing together a newspaper article.	If you need someone to look it over feel free to send it over to me! I can flex that journalism degree	Thank you! <3 I haven’t written anything yet. I just heard back from a local newsletter after two months of waiting/forgetting and moving on. I don’t know where to start bc nonfiction is a new animal for me, but I’m super excited to potentially get my name out there!	others
707	TYLER JOSEPH IS A FUCKING GENIUS	what happened??	well i watched a theory about all of trench and dema and nicolas bourbaki and everything and it just makes so much sense and it’s all really really clever and for tyler to imagine and create this entire new WORLD is really amazing. i don’t know if that makes sense oops	others
708	hi ? she loves you so so much and right now i want her to be happy so please notice her you are one of the persons who can make her happy so please do it, it will take you only 2 minutes	vic i love you	i love you too	others
709	Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is the best since Raimi’s 2nd.  Funny, inventive and thrilling. Plus the animation at times is stunning.	Im seeing it tomorrow!	It’s great fun	others
710	We are stocked and ready for you this holiday season! Stop by our expanded Gift Shop and check out what’s new (baby onesies, candles, soaps and more)! Let us help you find the perfect holiday gifts	Nice pics!	Why, thank you! You were of tremendous help!	others
711	Time for some comfort food before hitting the road home after a long day of settling my dad and grandma's estate.	i dont know what that white/green stuff is but i dont trust it	It's butter beans with a dash of hot sauce lol	others
712	Part 1 of my deconversion story: Xians asked how....how could you? I was the speaker at my fathers funeral. He died from a self inflicted gunshot wound. As *some xians* exited the funeral home they let me know that dad was burning in hell b’c of the suicide.	I doubt your story and that Christians said that. I also doubt you were ever christian.	Thanks and I appreciate you calling me a liar.	others
713	I don’t care what anybody says , I’m the best hype man for my friends !	You really are, you’re always hyping someone up	I’m happy you appreciate it	others
714	fried plantains	I wannabtry that..	come over and i’ll make you some	others
715	GUYS THATS ME IM FUCKING DEAD	JSJSJJSJ	I REACHED YT IM SO PROUD OF ME	others
716	aw a wee lady in the salon said she wanted to order the same fur coat as me so i gave her the website, she came in today saying she was struggling to do it so i said i’d order it for her to come to the salon tomorrow and she gave me a fiver for helping her	Sook ass	don’t get jealous	others
717	ZAYN MIKED MY TWEET IM CRYING	WHAAAT, CONGRATS	THANK U	others
718	Should i watch gossip girl for the first time ever other than that one time i watched 10 mins. of the first episode?	Are you doing it now	I tried i cant.	others
719	"Forgot to share but i got myself some jewelry as an early bday gift to myself :"""")"	Omg they look amazing we getting more 'date' looks	Only looks for u	others
720	Austro-Hungarian wounded near a hospital or recovering house with some staff between, both male and female	Wonderful! Thanks for sharing. Do you know the year? (my guess is 1915, but it would be nice to know) :)	I must say I do not know. It came in a small group of Austro-Hungarian photo's from what looks like one of the staff members.	others
721	I upgraded my iPhone 5 from iOS 9.0.1 to 10.3.3 and it fixed all my issues. Thanks.	Why upgrade it	Because updating solves everything	others
722	he wildin’	Who is he?	gorl it’s Arin....fine Arin	others
723	went from a studio apartment.... to a 1 bedroom with a deck, lawn, rose bushes, plants and massive amount of mint i have to take care of in this 40 degree weather. ain't complaining.	that sounds super nice, how much is it compared to sydney?	I would be financially insane if I tried renting something this big in Sydney lol that's why I didnt	others
724	I should die...	NO WHO WILL FILL MY LIFE WITH JOY!? WHO WILL I TALK TO WHEN IM ALONE!? WHO WILL I LOVE!?	You are the only thing keeping me alive anymore... <3 I will stay, for you...	others
725	me handwriting characters in pleco	me handwriting the characters from the menu onto pleco to figure out what kind of steamed pork bun it actually is!.	!! tbh i mostly use it for IG captions bc u can’t cut and paste from the mobile app	others
726	hello all i’m boutta buy some silicone molds for my store and if wondering would y’all rather me make coaster sets/houseware or work towards jewelry/crystals	GIRL HOUSEWARE!! i just moved in to my apartment and i neeeeed cute decor/bits n pieces	BITCH OKAY!!! i’m buying coaster sets, and orb sets give me other ideas!!!	others
727	let him nut in your mouth then spit it back in his face.	If I was a guy and you did that to me, I’d punch you in the face.	Let me suck your dick.	others
728	So what did we all make of ?	Excellent, so many memories. Maybe interviews with fans who were there would've added a different dimension? Have to say, that year in div 2 was brilliant!	Thank you! We considered it. But we had such luck with our wish list of people to take part that it’s a miracle fit everything into 90 mins. I think Cliff Butler was a fantastic representative though.	others
729	Mum's been busy We'll definitely catch up later tonight. I've missed you - I really should have my own account	Every meezer needs its own account to keep up!	I'lll think about it	others
730	93!	Is Pogba good?	Yup he’s great	others
731	Finally got back on my old Twitter and reading through these tweets I think I had fully lost plot 2015-2017	2015-Present day	1990-present day. Find me somet funny of r tezza x	others
732	Who made this?	Is this what we have to do these days to score a present from Santa?  Yikes. We used to just lie about being good all year.	Or worse. What the naughty kids get this year. Santa's fresh out of coal.	others
733	That's what I'm going to do whenever El negro and I break up because his fam's food is just tooooo good	Compa Kike going to give me the ranch tho	Doubt! I just need 1 grandkid and that’s it, all the other competition aka you will be wiped out. It’s my ranch now	others
734	ANYWAYS otacon and sunny help snake find a cure to his aging problem and snake is alive and happy with his husband and dotter well in the year 2018, as witnessed by him showing up as his younger self in smash. in this essay i'll	This is definitely what happens. We didn't see it on-camera after all, so, yea.	kojima himself could not convince me otherwise. they live happily ever after and i accept no criticism on this post	others
735	My coworkers and mf in the company stay asking do i smoke like yea i do but i won’t with you so I hit em all wit the same line “nah not more i had to better myself”	Lmaooo	Bro they be buggin I’m the manager if i was rep like yea let’s get high but nah y’all not finna get me fired	others
736	This. I remember I was close to being traded to the BCHL and I was so damn excited. Got traded to SJHL instead	Hahahahaha flin flon, then you got traded back to Alberta and lost to the night Bandits for the second straight year. What a series of events for auto	The best part about it was I didn’t give a single fuck that season once I was dealt	others
737	You know what's also fun? Games of chance where the loser(s) end up as lunch. Vore poker, anyone? Got nothing left to bet? How about you throw yourself in the pot, and if you win, you keep it all. You lose? *Slurps the drool from my lips* you're mine.	A game of D&D but now the monster's swallow action has significantly higher stakes.	I've had an idea like that, where a newbie is allowed into a d&d group, not knowing that character death meant that you become the GM's lunch.	others
738	Coming home: Clippers ‘expect better’ after 2-2 road trip - plus some numbers quantifying the art of the pick, as delivered by	I liked the bit on Gortat's screens	It's interesting, right?	others
739	It be the bitches who spoke the most shit about me getting lip injections in the beginning that were the first to contact me asking 21 questions about the procedure lmao	I didn’t talk shit. Give me the info!!	Go to my RN she’s the best, and that’s the place	others
740	Me and myyo	You egks hahaha! “Pukiopikiopukio”	sound effects on point lmao	others
741	every time I hear ed sheeran's name I immediately think of this story I read years ago about him shitting his pants	why would you do this to me again	it's important to know!!	others
742	Closeup of on our metal pergola on the back deck.	~ artistic picture Arlene.  I immediately recognized your profile photo while enjoying repilies to his daily images. I used your fan vote link in Nov. to vote for Tooooood! Did you pre-order his book? Release date is Dec. 21.	That is so awesome!!! Thanks for telling me. You can vote every day up to the end of Dec. 9th. And I have indeed pre-ordered Todd's memoir.	others
743	So over this semester.	You're okay...	I was insulted by a 60 yr old lady yesterday. Believe me I’m over it	others
744	UCL FLIPS	How many retweets for some coins mate	The number of my coins	others
745	Don’t disrespect nacho cheese Doritos like that!	I know, I realized the mistake I made	Besides that it’s 100% true	others
746	Josh Gordon, Tyler Boyd, Jeff Wilson Jr, Spencer Ware. Start a WR and a Flex.	Gordon at flex, Boyd at WR slot depending who u have	Gordon has a Garbo matchup and boyd has no AJ and no Dalton. It’s looking slow for me tbh.	others
747	This whole semester I've been smiling to keep from crying. This been a hard semester. Anyone else agree?	This been my easiest semester since I got to college but I love you sis, I’m glad you made it through	Thanks honey its been a struggle	others
748	People who believe in foolish religious beliefs make laws that affect my life. That's why it matters. By the way, I'm glad your prayers can't be answered. Happy holidays.. By the way my life is fantastic right now.	What would you like to do with us ?	In a perfect world, you would join your Jesus in paradise. How you get there is up to you.	others
749	Right, let’s see if Bohemian Rhapsody lives up to the hype (albeit dubbed into Spanish).	Excellent in English, only subtitles this side of the Guardiana. I've been twice.	There was an ad before the film for Tuesday night sessions in English. I’ll be checking that out with a view to watching it again. Loved it.	others
750	i think OTL likes me?	Ok so when you get famous I get a cut. lol.	oh yes you will!! don’t worry!	others
751	I’m going to have to hop back into playing PNO I’m getting the itch. That’s until I get offballed and half court pressed with a double team then I’ll rage and never com back until 2K20.	Come on back bro. Then let’s get a game for the tube	I’m down. At least I know I’m getting a fair game but raging against you would make a video for my 13 subs	others
752	Whoa mama! I'm a day ahead!	That's why I didn't understand your tweets. LOL	Sorry!!!! It was a beautiful episode.	others
753	Oh am I ? Because last I checked over 60 thousand people agreed. Typical angry white dude MAGAt tho thinks his opinion is the right one. Go start a new colony on an island far away and take your bros with you. None of you will be missed.	I like your tweets, but something being popular doesn't make it right. That is the very definition of populism.	Dude calm down. He said I made a lousy case and I pointed out that thousands of people agreed with me.	others
754	2 weeks till hols	Can’t relate	at least I don’t have to actually work during mine	others
755	wbk	je comprends pas ces signes	We been knew	others
756	Naby with 3 shots in 5 seconds... plenty more to come from him!	It is a good time to get Fabinho and Keita involved more in the coming games, i can feel that they are only about 3 or 4 games off to reaching full potential.... And when they do, they will become unstoppable!	Agreed!! Nabys injury was unfortunate but he will have got a lot of confidence from last night and same for Fabinho having had some game time. Will be great to watch!	others
757	My coworker still wears CK One, and every time he walks by it smells like making out with boys questioning their sexuality at theater camp	oh god that would give me 1996 panic attacks all the time	i feel like one day we're all gonna have le labo flashbacks	others
758	Ok ladies which area of men have the biggest feelings personally I say New York	Okay but where's the Vegas option	I ran out of room	others
759	. Your reader quotes still crack us up.	Congrats on the Kickstarter!	Thank you, always appreciate you supporting my work all these years! BTW I had to basically learn Twitter these last 30 days so please forgive all for any etiquette mistakes...	others
760	Green house is finished!The glasses are all frosted with ice crystals today	work of art, well done	Thank you It’s a green house. Very nice indeed	others
761	... a truly awful person and the front runner   will vote for her	I'm the bad guy	She’s the worst	others
762	Reason #734 that Winter Is The Superior Season: If you leave a drink in your car it stays cold.	Or you could just buy yourself a yeti cup and it’ll stay cold forever u poop	I always lose the lids ):	others
763	Did anyone consider that it might be cheaper long term to own your bike or scooter?	Yeah but bikes get stolen so often, street parking isn't really practical.	I trust you.	others
764	Mortal Engines is just the D&D Dread Gazebo story taken to its natural conclusion, ain't it?	Did you see it? What did you think of it? I'm a bit on the fence.	Nope. Can't get over the stupid premise, and the commercial didn't make me want to watch it at all.	others
765	Our 3G data service is returning and we are confident it will be fully restored by 9.30pm this evening. Our technical teams will continue working hard with Ericsson engineers to restore 4G which will bring us back to full network service. More here:	Back up and running, thanks for your hard work today!	Cheers Greg	others
766	وش هالفيلم اللي ضيق صدري	ضيقي صدري وعطيني اسمه	Me Before you	others
767	Confirmed: I’m a proper gay boy	Are you camp	I can be. And so what if I am? At least I look like a dahm snack whilst doing it.	others
768	How did we know that this monkey’s name is Paul, but not that he has THREE EYES	Girl we all knew this.	Fine how did I miss that?!	others
769	Ptdr tu m’a fumer	regarde moi ça ptdrrrrr	I Love blocus	others
770	Hey Patriots: Roy McCullough a 96 year old veteran from WW11 has another message for	WW 11? I only know up to WWII.	Well I made my point. Oops it's not about me. Thank you. Merry Christmas	others
771	Honestly.  Do you ever just sit here and be like I actually can't with this Youtube channel anymore? I'm tired from working and then staying up most nights to finish. And for what?	Maybe just leave a bit more time between doing videos?	I post one or two a month. And that's juggling my full time job and family time inbetween.	others
772	In an odd way, 'Vitalogy' helped me figure out that I was a weirdo. Everyone loved 'Ten' and 'Vs.', but 'Vitalogy' had too many offbeat tracks to be fully mainstream. I loved that record, and if I could live in 1994 again for a couple days that would be rad.	Also I think Vs. and this are probably way better than Ten, too.	I prefer almost every PJ album over Ten	others
773	the closer my food order gets to the time due the more prepared to kill a person I become.	Should I keep an eye on the headlines for a woman in the west Midlands splitting someone open like a pistachio, crawling inside and eating your food in their entrails?	no the delivery boy arrived one minute to the due time, though he was cutting it close to getting cut.	others
774	Hey guys , I’m looking for people who want to be my friend in Pogo and will open daily. Reply with your friend code and I will consider adding you	1980 9819 0518 I'll open everyday	Hey , I can’t pm you , we are going to hit ultra tomorrow , and I would like to coordinate	others
775	good night to sekai and sekaists only!	Idk how cmwill u be able to sleep but goodnight	to be fair i was already on the verge of falling asleep but was able to be awake for a good 30 mins after the teaser	others
776	spanish class shenanigans	i thought u were hannah omg.	omg thats the best compliment ever thank u ilysm	others
777	What is pop rap? And why is Mos Def the face of pop rap?	I had pop rap and mobb Deep was the face. I reject everything Spotify.	The disrespect to the OG's is real	others
778	Hey if you are open until 9pm does that mean we can still enter until 9? Or do you clear the gardens at 9? Also, how much time to you recommend to see all the lights? Thanks.	We recommend giving yourself at least an hour and a half to enjoy the event. We close at 9pm and ask visitors to leave shortly after.	Thanks!	others
779	Hmm...Not sure if much improvement but...at least I got out of the burn out I had during mid of the year;; TwT;	Gussy I’m so proud of you	AWW Kat Thank you omfg;;;!!!	others
780	Not a single one has been called. Soon it will be too close to the general election. ALSO after that the organisation has to pass a legal audit by a legit Chartered Accounting firm. Tic Toc, Max is lazy, he dragged his feet.	Does the PPParty also need a party constitution as part of finalizing registration?	"Good question! I haven't seen that but I bet it starts, ""Max will be leader for life""!!"	others
781	fav if active rn, got a post	post it already	nah not until i get like 5 favs, mr acu	others
782	....damnit me too... Frybread and deer stew, specifically..	Uuuuw. Frybread and black bean + squash soup... >_> and here's me still too sick to cook.	Oh noooo, I hope it eases I know the feeling, I'm disabled and have digestive issues, I really hope it eases for you	others
783	I have to constantly sniff my blanket when I’m not with my gf cause sometime she be laying on my blanket and now it smell like her and I dnt wanna wash it till I get bck with her.	Pussy whipped	To the fullest extent	others
784	i love joon more than anything goodnight	goodnight ella	night night jess i hope you have a good day	others
785	“Hello, everyone!”	“Well, hello there! Always a delight!” The wolf gives off a radiant expression of ecstasy as he greets Ralsei. Maybe he’s trying too hard.	“Ah, it’s you! The one who always stares at me-“ He cleared his throat.	others
786	First prints off the	Larger prints look good. Marvin looks rough. What layer height was that?	All prints were at 0.2 mm layer height	others
787	tell me about your day what did you do? how are you feeling? did you eat well? took care of yourself?  if you don’t want to do this here you can dm me or ask on my cc, i care about you all	I dropped my kid off a friends house and got some xmas shopping done and now I’m ready for bed and it’s not even 2pm	aww did you buy something cool? get your sleep girl	others
788	"What do you think will be the incident that gets you arrested?  For me it'll probably be punching someone in a car park because they've parked in an accessible space without a blue badge because as they always say ""I'll only be a minute for fuck sake""."	Join my daughter in the queue for that one!!	It's infuriating	others
789	I like Hogfather as much as I do Nightmare Before Christmas	I used to read Hogfather every other December (so I could have time to forget the smaller bits), the adaptation was wonderful	My In Laws got me a Hogfather sweatshirt	others
790	Update for those who care (which is probably everyone lol) but I bombed my religion test, oh well	too bad you didn’t ask me for help cuz I’m a world religions expert ;)	Honestly you’re right. Damn had I known I would’ve come to you	others
791	Seems I am having the O2 problems I don't seem to be able to text anyone not tried to phone anyone but I expect that's messed up as well	Snap nothing all day . I’m sure they are working out our refunds	I had no service at all at one point, just no signal	others
792	Netflix Movie recommendations?	Not a movie but have u watched ozark?	I watched a bit of Ozark season 1 mainly than fell off :/	others
793	some of your post has ended up at 30 Div Road, want to get it back to youuu!!	Omg pls!! Would you be able to stick a forwarding address on them or are there loads? Xx	It’s just one box! Can put a forwarding address on it for you x	others
794	“I’m lethal with this bitch jake!”	Weak	I know.. glad I knocked that rust off	others
795	Shout out to @opseats loving my new chair!! It will change your life, cant wait for me second to arrive!! Cant say enough great things about it.	Also, dat TV looks amazing	Thanks man I appreciate that	others
796	Was having a shitty day but barbershop discussions at Ziz brightened the mood a bit! Lol!	U guys had a barber shop there and never told me? Friends nowadays	Lol I been tweeting about Ziz Barbershop for a while now bruh	others
797	@ microsoft word: you will be hearing from me and my lawyers. y’all had ONE job. just ONE.	Omg no wHAT	i’m still prepping my case	others
798	50 follower shoutout. Make sure to follow as well xx                         Cheers lads big one at 100	Congrats btw	Thanks man	others
799	Another simple, piss easy task then..... boring	dont hav to watch it if its borin u	The increasing blatant fakery the last 3 years is fun to track , its so dire its a comedy	others
800	2018 has given me wrinkles	& bags too for me	I feel you. Hoping for brighter things for 2019 or I’m burying myself under my eye bags and calling it a day	others
801	Grad pictorial  Skl	Congrats!	Thank u mamsh	others
802	Do you all like... actually like me or am I just that bitch who’s always talking and you have no choice but to acknowledge	i would Die for you	I would die twice for you	others
803	Dang, you work quick! Congrats on being my first Twitter follow~	Also followed your pixiv! That's how I found your twitter.	I'll follow you back once I figure out what the hell I'm doing	others
804	My fav. directors of all time. Tunde Kelani Tade Ogidan Tunji Bamishigbin Tajudeen Adepetu Kunle Afolayan	You should Watch Biodun Stephen's Movies too....	Okay. Will do. I hope I find them on you tube.	others
805	No trading today? I worked my 9-5 and had my Steve Nison videos playing in my ear.	Where did you find the Steve nison videos at?	I found them on the Internet about 3 years ago. Check eBay. Not sure if you can still get them on his site or not	others
806	You fall under both, good people and taken for granted! It’s not fair for you	Never mind ay. I keep saying I won't but I just continue	Cuz you’re a good person	others
807	"This is pretty darn terrifying. ""A Business With No End"""	I’m still in shock that a journalism institution like Newsweek magazine was bought by a Chinese Christian cult known for using fake online companies for money laundering.	"Me, too Also, I'm kinda disturbed by the idea of a product called ""butt enhancing cream."""	others
808	From the looks of things , it's 12 am which means it's my birthday , tho I won't be so excited , hope my B-DAY is a full of joy for myself and hope everything is going well , and honestly , thank you guys so so for everything , every kind word from you guys means the worl-	Happy Birthday! Have fun!	Thanks dude .... A lot ! .	others
809	THREAD: Follow backs Here are some of the things people look for when following back: • Bio – do you have one, is it more than one line, does it indicate you’re here to Resist? • Handle – is it original, ie: not the default string of numbers Twitter provides.	Very useful thread ! Thanks, I did not think I could change the numbers that Twitter have me!	You can and there are some instructions on this in a reply at the end of the thread. Send me a DM if you can’t find them.	others
810	PLAYOFFS?! We’re ready to answer ALL of your week 14 fantasy questions	Baring In mind I would only need one of the players I am giving who wins the trade: Giving: Ware, McCoy, Jeff Wilson Getting: Miller, Rivers	prefer ware to miller...do you need a qb?	others
811	How much time y’all think they’ll give me for killin a dog and the new season of fortnite come out today WAT THE FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK	Bol!!! YOOOOUUUUU asked for him! Multiple times. I tried to defer you but you insisted	Awwwwww y’all lil avi will be cute in his obituary	others
812	You that turn off your light before u sleep... Are you hiding from yo village people?	Light interferes with dream	I don't understand....	others
813	It’s probably more heartbreaking for his wife that he apparently forgot was German & therefore might be impacted by the result	No great fan of Alistair Campbell but I thought his face said it all	Yep. Honestly it’s not a great story to use on how people were misled	others
814	kinda fucked how momo and tzuyu have to be in twice and bnha at the same time :/	mina too :(((	i’m ngl i forgot half the bnha characters but you’re right :(	others
815	I kinda want	I think it’s from beethoven sis	oh wait...I see it now. still sounds jazzy though	others
816	I have a steal plate screws in my left leg a bad back I still travel that deep in the woods	I won’t go for the operation for my back plus both knees were blown out twice and they are shot	That's from when you were in law enforcement	others
817	Everyone on this bird app so pretty while I look like a potato	Same	Don't you say that how many times am I gonna repeat myself  You are pretty	others
818	My mom was supposed to have a visit in the hairdresser tomorrow but she is sick and sends me for her...but I do not know what I could do with my hairs...I planned to change for a new year and not tomorrow...I don't know what to do..	Go for it!!!!!	But what to do with the hair...that's the question....I have no clue...	others
819	Saw Under the Silver Lake today, oh dear	that bad?	Probably worse	others
820	I would recommend a merger where it’s just the “child scouts” but the boy scouts don’t deserve to take credit for the delicious Girl Scout cookies and the girls don’t deserve the blame for the terrible Boy Scout popcorn.	Aye the cheese popcorn is good	It tastes good if it’s the only thing you have in your pantry and you’ve just completed a month long water fast.	others
821	As if cunts r still skooting abt in they smart cars ahhahahahahah	:))) nah there’s always one parked like this at my gaff	That’s defo urs Caitlin stop telling fibs	others
822	"Yall should just be grateful dang, when bts werent active yall was posting ish like ""oh my gosh we should have been grateful"" yall really do have one braincell"	Ok	OH NO NO BRO I WASNT TALKING ABOUT YOU I WASNT AIMING IT AT YOU	others
823	When I meet someone it’s hard because they already have some sort of assumption of me	Imma need you to stop that negativity	It’s facts though	others
824	Pittsburgh Knights looking like a team that can make some noise	Least favorite team	I don’t like them either but they look very good right now!	others
825	It's Friday morning and I already wanna just snuggle back into bed with snacks. Oh and Smash Bros too.	*brings you all the snacks*	*eats all the snacks* More.	others
826	Man I can’t believe how bad ginger itis hurts my gums	Gingivitis *	It’s not Ginger itis?	others
827	did @IsaiJade arrive safely? yall are awol since Sunday	Hey mabs. You're so sweet. She arrived today BUT HER PHONE WAS STOLEN ON THE BUS (IN BLOEM)	Jerrr I'm so upset for her. That is just crazy. Hope she is okay (and u). Greet her for me. Neh.	others
828	Travel booked for the Senior Bowl	Come say hi	I prob won't have a car, but I should have some time the day b4 the event starts (I get in around 2:30 pm that Monday)	others
829	SHINE A PROFESSIONAL PLAN FOR SEMI PROFESSIONAL BALL COMING THIS SUMMER.....	Let's talk	Making a comeback Joe? Lol will DM you mate	others
830	amiyah that lil girl goes nuts	lol never! she be cooling	man dude i came over one day and if she tired or hungry when she get out of school its a war man she walk in that bitch and cuss everybody out even my mom then she beat janaya ass	others
831	Me to bout that time to after all that smoke	Thats what my doctor just said that alot of people are doing.	Hell yea I Couldn’t tell if I was getting a cold and now that it’s gone it’s still here plus that Neurovirus was CLOSE	others
832	I see allot of the same people that jumped on the bandwagon and gleefully cheered for men to have their careers and lives ruined by 35 year old unsubstantiated allegations, are complaining that metoo got a song they like banned.	Add it to the list of movements that have been bastardized: Gay Pride, BLM, Environmentalism, Feminism, the list goes on. All of these movements are an utter joke.	My Facebook is littered with people who joined in on the believe all women garbage, but then turn on metoo over a song. It's pathetic and weak minded.	others
833	Fortnite changed bare wtf	I see people in planes and shit	Yea word I was baffed when I saw that	others
834	DO IT DO IT	101	i like this song it’s called “shut up angela”	others
835	Can't wait for to ring me about why I'm not gonna be paying their bill	You having some issues paying your bill Darren? Can we assist you with anything? ^KT	Yeah, I'm not paying it till my internet issue is sorted, been bout 5 months now	others
836	omg reveluvs extra jobless tonight	and still don’t consider spending all this free time streaming rbb.. the AUDACITY	omg no way they won’t be forced into streaming! they have electricity bills to pay	others
837	I voted for No Man’s Sky as Best Ongoing Game	Girl what you doing?	No Man's Sky is actually good now	others
838	Welcome, to Ilios	this award goes to squidward Sanrolini	Don’t worry squid wars, i know how bad you wanted to win, so i had the trophy engraved to you	others
839	Weekend starts tomorrow	Where have u been?	Here and there baby Been offline for a while  What’s good b	others
840	"Someone just said, ""If you speak English in your relationship, then you're not serious.""  My whole life I've been doing it wrong, using the wrong language shem."	Lies you tell	It's true bih	others
841	I AM CHECKED IN TO MY FLIGHT!!!!	Where you flyin'?	I am headed to Atlanta to watch!!	others
842	GIVEAWAY! Thanks to	Not to brag, but I bought a bratwurst and potato salad for a homeless vet that hangs outside of the strip mall my work is in. He’s a nice fella, and I like to make sure he has something to snack on.	I feel like most folks that do kind acts are quiet about it. This time I *want* to hear about them! That’s very good of you.	others
843	:)	CUTESTTTTTT	I LOVE YOUU	others
844	I’m about to have 3000$ in red dead online and 6 gold bars then with this update I’ll have 21 gold bars	How the fuck did you get that much	You keep playing the missions delete your character restart a new character the cash and gold are bound to your account not characters :)	others
845	i better get one	just trying to get them to post now ffs.	council wifi	others
846	When PN Afunanya was appointed the DSS Spokesperson I endorsed it citing his professionalism & educational qualifications as making him capable of interfacing between the public and the Secret Service in a democracy.This videosays I was wrong. Even barbarians behaved better.	Pls, did u see Afunanya touch the lady? u can even see him stepping away from the whole drama. Pls re direct ur attack biko.	Something is definitely wrong with you! Who presided over this nonsense? Don’t come here to justify nonsense before the anger of justice descends on you.	others
847	As a Brown French Millennial, I really wish we had a	I’m waiting for this to happen. The climate for POC in France would give the Grapevine content for weeks on end.	Absolutely! So much racist crap happens here as well unfortunately! Omgsh i think i recognize u from the uk panel. You made some great points as well! Xx	others
848	I was nominated to do this challenge by the beautiful  1. My home screen is the most handsome man in the world. 2. The last pic I saved it’s a picture of my cutie pie playing with his new toy 3. It’s my fave cause I kinda look good.	I CANT BELIEVE HOW BEAUTIFUL YOU ARE!!! and you cat is the cutest too omg, give them kisses from me	Awwweh you are the cutest.. thank you for all the love. Sure I’ll do it.	others
849	I realized as a youngin I stopped playing video games when I decided money was more important	O ya ?	I’ll still bust you in 2k	others
850	TF Toy/Merch Secret Santa! I wanted to do a Secret Santa type thing that TF fans who aren't artists or writers can participate in! Toy focused but any kind of physical merch is allowed. Applications end November 11! Full rules in the link:	Belated question: Are we supposed to reveal ourselves to our giftee?	Are you asking for someone else? because I already know who you are? I arranged the thing?	others
851	my job gives me free clothes from our show room every new season. i literally don’t need to shop. lookin dusty but these pants make ur boy look thickk	oooo ship me a mens hoodie lol	u know i got ulmao	others
852	I think I wanna make some Thai food tonight	Can I have some? lol	Never made it before so let me see if it’s edible first lol	others
853	Wow! Just Giving Page has reached a colossal amount. Thank you so much for all the kind donations, positive comments & words of encouragement!	Every little helps, I hope everyone gets behind the school.	Thank you so much! It's been a phenomenal response. I'm so proud of Rathcoole, our families and all those who we don't even know... Just helping and donating. That's what makes a school community	others
854	who wants a mix cd? i wanna make	Meeeeeeeeeeeee	let’s play	others
855	CAMERON DOLAN JUST DMED ME	DAISY	VIAN IM SHAKINF	others
856	i know ya'll busy, but why haven't you guys added a status update to discord, it already shows what a user is doing, streaming or otherwise, with all the possible connections, or something... idk  Just a suggestion from a derpy gamer!	Make sure to get that idea up on our Feedback Page~! <3	Oh, cool, will do, thx	others
857	I want her OFF this app	I’ll report u from all my accounts	But I just got my rights back	others
858	i'm not okay - H.E.R.	Been listening to this all day...	H.E.R. is great.	others
859	Day 6 Im sooo grateful for my big black doggie. Gets me out even when it’s raining, when I don’t feel like it, is amazing with Wakey & Pukey & he makes me laugh every day. Only downside? MASSIVE	He’s lush. Xx	He’s amazing. I may love him more than my kids	others
860	bf? can i please have a bf sir?	What do you want in a boyfriend	strong ™, very caring, confident, likes children's, likes the arts, similar humour but different enough than he gives me confused lovingly concerned glances, values family, a prince tbh, full of love for me :]	others
861	i miss this legend	why didn't he keep iT	our fave is a dumbass!	others
862	I went back to Hamilton	I just ended the soundtrack before I opened this app... Still tough to finish.	It's a beautiful tragic ending	others
863	"Super Best Friends: ""I can't imagine anyone going to a GameStop and asking for a copy of Star Trek. Not even Star Trek fans."" Me: *Starts sweating profusely*"	I only just watched that video today and that comment has been repeating in my head	It's because it's such a true statement. Now, to hide my collection of movie tie-in games.	others
864	I need to delete my Insta I'm So weak and I need a nose job and lip filler Now shut the fuck up	Who?	Bare gyal	others
865	"Democratic primary?? [turns dial from ""radical fire-breathing incivility radical"" to ""no labels, no adhoms plz""]"	No labels, no adhoms plz made me laugh out loud.	"I love that dozens of us all leaned into our screens at the same time with a ""there it is! the equations work!"""	others
866	Do you love free stuff? I love free stuff! I am giving away a LFM bundle which includes portrait,spray, and the banner. Retweet,follow myself and	What the hell that little gury toy is awesome!	haha I know right? I love it	others
867	OK baba darra mat tu v so ja bye	Bye. Gn	G'night papa	others
868	seen x2	STOPSKDKSKSLA	ITS BEEN 5 DAYS	others
869	I’m here at my aunts and she’s like “did you get tattoos too” I was all no did topo already show you Hers? And she goes “no I don’t even want to see that bitch”. Lmaoo well damn then Maria	Maria a savage	She was all I wanna beat her fucken ass lmao okkurrrr	others
870	On a somewhat serious note, at least the Bruins brass has learned some lessons from previous depth moves. The didn’t give up a 3rd (Rinaldo), or a 4th (Wingels), or a 2nd year/high AAV (Wagner) for this particular iteration of a 4th line forward. Free is okay, so there’s that.	This move doesn't improve the roster at all.	I’ll hold judgment until I see him play, but on paper it doesn’t look like much of an improvement.	others
871	Get your socialist canine cookbooks out, lads.	I mean you guys eat cows. They're kinda like dogs	I'm a vegetarian	others
872	I have received great news! TODAY IS AMAZING!!!!	Monster sponsorship?	I wish	others
873	I just realized how depressed and lonely i am	Just wait till 2019	Shid finna be worse	others
874	I swear it’s like some buzzing in my ear guys I’m scared what’s going on	You’re so rUDE	I love you though, younger version of me.	others
875	I have a 45 min dr ahead of me rn	that’s nothing	it turned into a 2 hour one :,(	others
876	and won’t stop crying unless i hold him. and i need to finish pumping	You got this! I know it's so hard but it's so worth it!!	pumping is no issue, i just need him to stop grumping at me	others
877	youse delivered my mates order to the wrong address. How do they make a complaint?	Hi there, please give the store a call so they can resolve this for you.	Tried to escalate the complaint and told we couldn’t, hence the tweet for some advice on how to complain as area manager wouldn’t speak to us	others
878	Listen, Adam McKay got a nom, so I’m cool with this.  (Ryan Coogler should’ve pulled a nom over Green Book Guy tho)	I think the HFPA is afraid of women. A lot of awesome films this year were directed by women. They should be recognized.	Absolutely agree with that. It’s honestly ridiculous how often this happens.	others
879	Ageing myself here but when I saw tweets about MX being interviewed by Steve-O, I legit questioned why the dude from Jackass was doing it...	Steve-O from Jackass interviewing the biggest jackass in USA these days aka IM	I would PAY for that interaction!!!!!	others
880	Ive been dreading the day since you got sick thinking we wouldnt spend another birthday together. Im blessed to say I got 21 of them rip pop	I'm so sorry Cassidy! I send all the love to you and your family	Thank you so much Erin I appreciate it so much!	others
881	Good thread on how ultimates rolls, spot dodges, and air dodges work	Dude this is crazy long lol. Like I got through the rolls and staleness stuff and made a lot of sense and then there are like 30 tweets about airdodge frame data. I sorta get it but I'mma have to come back wtffff	It is but honestly the concepts aren't too dense	others
882	Is it qawoob or qaboob? I use both so idek if one of the above is right or if both are sjsjsjs	It’s in between. Qaboow	Ohhh yeah I say that too sometimes, this is so confusing	others
883	Off til Monday but where to go this weekend? Atlanta or Miami?	Atlanta gonna be cold, just saying.	I was only thinking because I’ve never been and I want to kind of go before coming for the bowl game.	others
884	To take a nap or to start getting ready for this party	Girl take a littl beauty nap and get lit	u know what ur right	others
885	Lovely day on the sugar plum tour!	I haven’t seen you in such a long time!!	I'm old now! Lol	others
886	we have decided to unstan if this is true	who and what	miss onika is apparently dating a rapist	others
887	sometimes, you just need a good cry	Hugs	miss u ate sweet!	others
888	is taking money from people using your name, I just got blocked by the person because I didn't fall for the person's trap. The person claims it's your private account. I'm serious about this. Thank you.	He blocked me as well after I called him out.	I'm sure he's a Nigerian	others
889	OH FUCK THEY FUCKED UP AMD MADE CSGO F2P YOU PAY ONLY FOR PRIME STATUS NOW	It's a good thing that'll keep cheaters away from paid users Prove me wrong	have you forgot that there already are hundreds of cheaters even with a phone number + paid csgo + lvl 21 only prime Before it was mandatory, now there will be thousands of them just like tf2, and caual will prob become unplayable too.	others
890	No Chelita, there is not a Santa Claus & absolutely nothing happened on D5.  Except the death of a man & a family who kindly & bravely shared their grief with our country while you dirty vultures attempted to pick the bones clean. Congratulations you’ve hit your rock bottom	I bet you're wrong there. They keep managing to find whole, new previously-unimagined bottoms beneath all the ones we thought were the absolute limit.	Huh maybe the new world is in the earth core & they are digging a path to it	others
891	PTDRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR	Tjrs les mêmes	on se sait	others
892	Weird Pugs don’t like brown sauce???	Or lemon juice! I use it instead of vinegar, Chester refuses to eat chips from me lol	U have lemon juice on Chips???	others
893	Book Mail! A huge thank you to	You and have to let me know the trick to getting Canadian ARCs. When I put in a request for The Saturday Night Ghost Club I was denied because of territory rights. Thankfully I was still able to order it from Amazon though!	Yep. What Sadie said. I had no idea you could run into a problem with that!	others
894	Avengers: Bastard Wants to Hit Me	Mine would be Avengers: Miss Macbeth =/	My recent playlist has been a lot of They Might Be Giants, XTC and The Rutles.	others
895	Do y’all think trump is pissed that they didn’t allow him to speak at George Bush’s funeral, but instead had Pence speak, and now he’s getting revenge on Pence by dropping him from the 2020 ticket?	Uhhhhh....Pence did not speak at the funeral.	Also, why don’t you go question your lying ass POS president on his non stop posts full of lies and hate? Then you can come back here and talk to me about a simple error in detail. K thanks and have a blessed day.	others
896	thank yall for rting christmas is coming UP! (up) and i am low on cash and want to treat my friends to smth nice bc i finally...made...real friends this year...b	aaaaa I’m happy for you!!!	THANK U!!! MY LIFE IS SO BUSY !! BUT IM IN SUCH A BETTER place now!	others
897	// i might shiny hunt fletchling lmao	//Good luck lmao	// the inner shiny hunter in me is coming back	others
898	It's been so long since I had sex that I'm having an out of booty experience.	Good one. Ditto!	So desperate I tried visiting a bootician.	others
899	What do you think about putting tax on soft drink.... sounds like revenue raising to me.... I don’t drink soft drink with sugar but if I did it’s my choice don’t need food police taxing me....	How is it that I can buy a cleanskin wine 750ml for $3 at Dan Murphy (which includes WET of 29% + GST) and yet I go into a shop & have to pay $3.50 for a similar size bottle of Coke (more expensive at convenience stores)??	That’s a good question I always think the supermarket are putting huge markup on price	others
900	don’t you love those days where you’re paranoid people shade you in gcs and your brain is telling you you can’t write for shit bc i do	currently paranoid bc cc tells you when you're unfollowed and these folks are mutuals so...	it does??? that’s so stress-inducing!! i’m so sorry, george at least we’re in this weird gross feelings pit together? eh?	others
901	Ice Cube drops tomorrow!!!!!	Yup! About to unleash no doubt.	It's going to be epic af	others
902	Sums me up to a fuckin tea.	Do you know the acoustic version of Like A Stone? CHILLS	Gonna listen now	others
903	I need to start a gofund me for ah new Xbox !	LMAO go get yo broke ass one and hit me	Man I got too many bills rn	others
904	Immigration people - 49 pages for a determination of the First-tier Tribunal. I think the longest I'd seen before was about 30. Anyone had anything longer?	That’s too long surely!! -tribunal not got the post scripted message at the end of PA Iran? ()	Length is no substitute for analysis, but it is all analysis. It's actually a good read. Could be shortened by not quoting interview answers and the statement, just referring to question/paragraph numbers. However, by quoting, makes it easier to understand where he is coming from	others
905	The CEO of Bet365 pays herself over £5m a week. 5 MILLIONS POUNDS A WEEK!!!	You would if you could though. Easy to criticise but if you are in the position then go for it	I disagree. If I was working for someone else, I would want to get as much as possible as otherwise it would go to shareholders so footballers, I’ve no problem with. However, she is earning more than £1Bn in 4 years. At that level of wealth, you have a moral obligation to society	others
906	Lovely news. Delighted for all.	Very well deserved! Fingers and toes crossed	Thanks so much x	others
907	my current aesthetic is a list of things that sucked but i survived and nametag that says “hello i’m: trying my best” and a pile of glitter and sad lyrics in songs that make you dance and smile and party dresses with comfy shoes	you look fuckin rad	thank u queen	others
908	i will literally do anything for a collab with  somebody make it happen please.	I fully co-sign this endeavor	space you are a saint <3	others
909	Heey naziya iplates ezindleben zika Beyonce	Ulala nini	10 mins then it's lights out	others
910	Take the Say Fuck challenge, say fuck as often and as loud as you want, no one is powerful enough to stop you. Not even your self.	FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFCUK	This is the content I crave girl.	others
911	Send them nail money king!!!	Dicey I’m broke	I can appreciate your consistency in your lies	others
912	If I want to take a nap I will. If you have a problem with it then see ya	@ me next time	Wasn’t even talking about you so get off my Twitter	others
913	THAT'S IT. I'VE DECIDED.  It's raining so 3 things need to happen. 1. I need to get tacos 2. I need to then go to my coffee shop and get sipping chocolate  And  3. I need to work on my mystery book at said coffee shop. Yup.	For some reason I can't write in coffee shops. Haha.	"Everyone's different! It's hard for me to focus at home because I""m too comfortable and get distracted easily by things I love. Like TV. And my cat. XD"	others
914	We’ve restarted bed time Story & snuggles before bed which is lovely but reading Hardknocks, Hiccups & Headstands by is hard when feeling emotional  Great book and love that characters and descriptions of the girls are just like stick girl and miss unicorn	Ahh thank you so much - big smiles as this end I miss bedtime story time. I wonder if my 17 year old might agree to one more Tiger who came to tea	Haha can only imagine just how my eldest (now 23) would have said no thanks at 17	others
915	The last person you blocked, why did you block them? For abusing and harassing you? For saying things you didn't want in your timeline? Because your friends told you/gave you a list? Because of their headgear?	I donno where 'support my patreon' spam fits on this list	Oh no, another alternative! Twitter polls need more options	others
916	A lot classier than some fans have been about this.	I've found a lot of Green Bay fans to have pretty low tolerance for losing (not dominating the NFC North). Nobody likes to lose, but when you've been spoiled with back-to-back hall of fame quarterbacks, even doing just okay feels like the end of the world to some folks.	Not saying the firing was wrong, just a little too much dancing on the grave for my taste, especially hovering over a coach with McCarthy's record.	others
917	Anyone seen this fantastic Catamount BA Porter still kicking around you see this at all besides Bevie?	Kate said it sold out real fast	Darnit, even they're out? Shoot. Glad I bought 2 when I did.	others
918	Because I'm sure you'd all like to know my apparent top 7 most played songs of 2018.  All bangerz.	Nobody had the heart to tell him he was stuck in the past...	Once a banger always a banger lid!	others
919	Another reason to vote for MMV for Public Advocate. She wants to fix the MTA ~and~ she has a stellar plan to fund it!	But shes running for mayor or for Public Advocate? Im confuse!!!	Public Advocate (but PA has become more influential and in some ways a stepping stone to higher office in NY.)	others
920	My recent Spider-Man PS4 screenshots! Visually stunning game!	STILL NOT ENOUGH SPIDER-PUNK!!!!	I really do suck then :(	others
921	SHE'S BEAUTIFUL OMG	RIGHT I CANT WAIT TO BRING HER HOME	AHHH IM SO EXCITED FOR YOU!!!! do you have a name for her already?	others
922	I'm gonna be home alone until tomorrow (':	Judging by your tweets, I think your parents are setting you up for the future	Tfw I'm neglected	others
923	When it's cold out, how does your pet stay warm and cozy? Follow us and answer for your chance to	Curled up on my lap the cats or the dog on the bed with me :)	Nothing better than a cozy cat purring on your lap! ^Abby	others
924	Seeing all the art at MFF inspired me to try and get back into drawing!  Doodled this up  Idk maybe I'll finish it?	holy fuck wow please do!!	I'll need to find some pens first :3	others
925	Christmas can be so stressful!! But it doesn't have to be!  Click here to learn how to stop family from ruining baby's 1st holidays.	Yessss!!! AMEN	Thank you so much!! That struggle is real, isn't it??	others
926	I was taking a selfie at the light and a cop pulled up right next to me	This was him	lmao im glad I didn’t get pulled over	others
927	john wesley hit me w. that 1.30am boots n dress shirt squat lol	You think he actually completed the squat or stopped right there? Lol	lmaooo i like to think he busted several reps	others
928	. y’all	Dang Ashley I wish I spent that much time listening to them I've only spent 22 hours like how is that even possible I listen to them every day since July 31, 2017	honestly don’t know	others
929	Why don't the	So he made a mistake. a Little goof or slip up and NOW he has to go through this! So much for the tolerant left.	But he remained true to NRA gun culture! And that's what counts! It says so in an NRA maxim!	others
930	Bought a good boi today	Why didn't you buy the PS1 version of the game with the Beach Ball	They didn't have it	others
931	Got ma nails back	I'm lowkey terrified	You’d pull them off	others
932	Yes! You can. I’m sure of it	She can join us	Enh! I’ll take her from you tho so be careful	others
933	you all stan c*ll and it’s boring she’s just a glorified fan	yess, bur i think it's bc she's a youtuber (?) but if she wasn't it'd be just a bunch of other fans licking her ass just bc she has a few more followers	yeah I know haha but idk I just don’t really get the hype haha	others
934	1 exam down, 6 finals left + a 6 page essay, no big deal right? I worked out to stay healthy and energized. Wishing you a lovely day! How is it so far? Solamente 6 examenes más + un ensayo grande. Pero, hice ejercicios para bajar el estrés. y cómo el día tuyo?	Gl girl you got this!!!	Thanks Shino :D :D I'll work hard this week.	others
935	It’s time for Christmas Railtours! Best I make some headboards again this year. Gonna be a mix of diesels and steam.	11 carriages, not fair!!! My Castle and Star class can only manage 6 before the wheels start slipping!	Well that’s what the diesel is for. They are FAR superior!	others
936	To the airport	Safe travels!!	Thank you so so much	others
937	I WAS SO EXCITED TO USE MY UMBRELLA ... AND I LEFT IT AT HOME Now im gunna be drenched like the rest of u hoes	I’ll share mine with you	Real bff	others
938	first pic explain what you were doing	I lost my keys	Where they found in the breast region?	others
939	Not a horsewhat? but uhhh tell him not dhis one honey	he’s going to be mad as hell when he see that tweet. ugh i’m so funny zaza	I know cause i know i would. Tuh so delete it don’t do that.	others
940	i’ve has class in eugene short all semester and i just got fucking LOST trying to find the bathroom	run to cuddy and giv me a hug b4 my final at 1:30	i will !!! i’m out at 1:10	others
941	My column: Under intense scrutiny Australia’s cricket passes the first test and so does the new TV coverage.	Loved the coverage Richard. Only day one but what a refreshing change with actual insights and commentary. It's almost like listening to the radio! And when Tim Lane was calling it felt real.	Agree. As I wrote, I like how the Seven commentators mostly talked to the audience, not just to each other. More warmth to it.	others
942	this ain't a damn wig	no its a braidless sew in i believe	ooooooooooooooo ok well im too bald 4 that	others
943	spanish class shenanigans	oh so u have spanish class outside	my friend and i went to the potty	others
944	I’ve decided I want 3 boyfriends/husbands.  All for different purposes.	Girl you gone have a constant headache dealing with all those men. One is bad enough	No I’m not. They gone submit lbs	others
945	Amigos nunca dejen que nadie, ni siquiera sus papás, arruinen sus sueños. Sean felices haciendo lo que quieran.	i wish i'd saw this 4 years ago, still good advise tho, love u bby	It's never too late baby. Love ya.	others
946	I finished flat on the day with todays B2L trades, 3 wins. 3 losers and 1 no bet	Whatwoukdyouknow bolted just after the parade ring but they said nothing until it was practically being loaded on ATR call themselves a racing channel. I wondered why it shout out about 8 ticks . Well done	It’s didn’t dob for me, I needed the inplay price to hit 3.57 for my lay trade to get matched but the lowest it got to was 4.0 so it was close but it didn’t quite get there	others
947	Lol girl bye	Nah but I feel their pain. That’s dead ass crazy that someone would do that to them, now I understand why sis hid her pregnancy the whole time cause ppl are sick	It was a social experiment though, like the main point of him doing it was to show that you can’t believe everything you see on the internet.	others
948	I can’t stop binge watching Dramas, I have finals next week. What to do!!!	Pro tip: dont watch and study hard	Okay ‘O’	others
949	What the fuck are you talking about, bumper sticker?	Another Duh! moment. Uh, the Beatles were like famous, okay? Didn't have to promote via website.	They couldn't even spell their name right (Beetles, hello?) so it's no wonder they couldn't work a computer.	others
950	80yrs-old referring thoracic pain after right coronary COT with rotablator complicated by RV wall hematoma	As ?	Unfortunately the patient died due a PCR by PEA	others
951	I wasn’t there... damn	Fuck if you weren't I got proof	I don’t kno what you talkin bout cheif dat wasn’t me	others
952	so they found another bomb back from the war in a part of my hometown but they can’t disarm it for some reason which means they have to detonate it???	they already did	ahh right, i‘m not entirely up to date then lmao	others
953	So if you bought plays and followers do you get a 2018 Wrapped report from	I saw some of them already so I guess so	Right, saw a few get theirs so	others
954	Guys like this always brag about their fantasy football championships in their bios.	So because you looked stupid and got called out with what you said you decided to change the subject lol and yes my fantasy team is doing quite well	Hope your day gets better, cheers.	others
955	Not all heroes wear capes	Raaah you need to tweet more	I really do	others
956	THREAD: Follow backs Here are some of the things people look for when following back: • Bio – do you have one, is it more than one line, does it indicate you’re here to Resist? • Handle – is it original, ie: not the default string of numbers Twitter provides.	Mine doesn't have anything about resisting. I figured if you could not tell that by my tweets and retweets, then I don't think putting a hashtag on my bio would help.	Yep and that’s fine. It’s the sum of the parts that matter.	others
957	Only child, no siblings, no besties I couldn't do nothin' right like a lefty	Aren’t you a lefty?	That’s the point of the lyric	others
958	thank you!!!!	You didn’t tell me	I apologize!	others
959	u know exactly what i like u know just what to do	Omg I love her !! So much	your taste	others
960	I wanna go by my middle name. please call me Irene, Ren, or Rena now ty	OMG YOUR MIDDLE NAME IS IRENE??? NO WAY IM SCREAMING I LOVE IT	yes i was named after my great-grandmother and thank u hdjd	others
961	why did my professor just bring her sick ass daughter & dog to class	Maybe she couldn’t find a babysitter smh. It’s people like YOU	she’s 16.	others
962	I apparently wiped off half of my eyebrow at some point today so that’s cool I guess	...oh noes	again, I only have you eileen	others
963	I call all my best friends by the first letter in their names	wait you call me c	I’ve told u numerous times you’re one of my best friends c sksssss	others
964	GUS JUST TRIED TO DUST A FRECKLE OFF OF MY LEG HAHAHAHAHAHA	*mole	freckle **	others
965	Happy Hanukkah.	Thanks! (I'm just seeing this now).	The best to you and family.	others
966	I’m the worst Courtney Stan I can’t watch the Bi life cause i live in America and i don’t know any websites to stream it	? i think it’s on there	It’s not there :( But the drag race holi slay spectacular is	others
967	Quick question for any	Lol. Closes place to eat after parking at Brittany’s!! We are almost there	Where are y'all sitting? I have a good friend asking because I think she's trying to find other Jags friends. You in that same fancy section as last year?	others
968	In what is the defining moment of our time, when parties need to come together to agree the future of the country, Corbyn tried the filibuster the brexit debate with his tried and tested smears.	Hope you never get bored of this	It's a tough gig	others
969	So we aint getting a bts x ed sheeran collab	We are most likely getting a song written by Ed and produced by Yoongi	Yeah that's what it'll be since Ed's manager confirmed no actual collab	others
970	hi! i’m a new fan of	Welcome This video can help you to know more about CLC (it has subtitles in English)	thank u so much!!	others
971	Fresh air, exercise, festive food - all part of our annual Christmas tree event in Portmoak Moss on16th December.	Do you have Norway Spruce?	That sounds a bit too posh for the likes of us. We've got lots of Sitka though and it's fine with some decorations.	others
972	Just received this bad boy. Does the snowman dress make a Vegas appearance?	I'm thinking you are asking a question that you already know the answer to...	I just need a place to wear it! I wanna go to something fun and Christmassy while I’m there!	others
973	Will Smith with the video of the year...	Send the link	Instagram	others
974	I’ve changed my profile pic even though I feel I shouldn’t have to. But I’m going to change it to all my sisters artworks coz she’s amazing & launching her website soon so if it helps her then that’s good. AND she might buy me something nice.	Your sisters work is brilliant does she sell her art ?	Yes! Yes she does. You can find her on Facebook ‘Bronwyn Gilgallon Art’ or ‘Planet B’ or Instagram ‘bronwyngilgallonart’ She’s on Twitter too  She’s got new prints in for Christmas time.	others
975	When it's cold out, how does your pet stay warm and cozy? Follow us and answer for your chance to	she cuddles up in a blanket	She looks so cute all snuggled up! ^Abby	others
976	Thank you to the girl who sat by my side in the ER, gave me a shower, washed my clothes, put water by the bed, and was there for me	i think they're called nurses and get paid for it but i'm sure that she appreciates your thanks anyways	Lol yeah right wasn’t a nurse. Barley saw anyone yesterday at the hospital	others
977	A new video is online	Just woke up、 i will watch now	Thank you Girl	others
978	oomfs give me a group i dont stan yet and ill go watch their vids and stuff and maybe (hopefully) stan	nature !!	i WILL i have to stan	others
979	Thanks for picking up my donation of	Thank YOU for donating! So happy we could make this easy for you!	It’s a BRILLIANT program, and the pickup is SO appreciated as I don’t drive. Thanks again!!	others
980	This morning at the	brilliant session.	It really was! Can't wait for the redraft! Thanks for your contribution, you've got a creative mind for this kind of thing mate, you have Joe really good ideas!	others
981	Does anyone besides	I think josh has the mitts	Of course he would he’s	others
982	Amazing	Amazing composition of Yellow and Blue...Thanks DEAR JASMIN	Most wlc KN DearGlad tht u like it	others
983	My birthday is December 27th and you know what that means for everyone local to Seattle:	What do we do if not local to Seattle?	I have an amazon wishlist	others
984	me, already one hour into the movie with only 25 minutes left: oh no I think this movie might not be good!	I'm glad others out there like to collect the horrendous experience of binging bad horror movies Just For The Content. You ever seem Cube?	Watched the whole trilogy 2-3 times. I love it.	others
985	it low key bothers me how Chandler always has to make a joke after EVERY SINGLE THING on Friends	WHAAAA? I love him	i mean every so often would be okay but it’s literally every scene he is in!!! it’s too much	others
986	so, borrow a bunch of money i’ll never be able to pay back, sign a lease i can’t afford, lie about my prospects and then ruin the lives of all the people in my orbit when i run out of money …?	ok wow points were made	my lawyer has informed me that i must clarify that this is not about any specific startup in particular	others
987	Second you look at the top left shit changes	Why do this to me	Mad ain’t it	others
988	Should've gone Air Force.	I TRIED TO TELL YOU	I SHOULD'VE LISTENED!!!	others
989	I can’t believe today is Christmas	Mam can we please direct message about probability	I’m literally going to send u all my notes on probability	others
990	It was the	please	Pls and I send u a pic	others
991	.	Hmm, our Creator Support team can dive into this further with you, contact them here: . hope this helps.	I just deleted and re-uploaded so we’re good. Thanks for the help	others
992	Oh shut up he plays much harder teams than you ever did	True but either way I can't see many footballers with the goal to game recored Pele had	Not that hard in the Brazilian league in 1950/60	others
993	I got my hair dyed!! s-should I post pics when I get home?	yes!!	posted	others
994	Preorder acquired. Now we wait until 11pm	Who you going to?	the gamestop 5 minutes from me	others
995	In the continuing adventures of my multiplying diagnoses: welcome to the party, ADHD! I’m pretty excited that some of the things I’ve considered irreparable character flaws might actually be things that respond to treatment.	Aaah, I'm glad. My partner's ADHD responded well to treatment and it Changed His Life in a small but significant way, I hope it's the same for you	This is what I keep hearing, I’m really excited.	others
996	Players are streaming their own group games. This is AWESOME	Lol for real?	yea im watching play their group games	others
997	awards are whatever, what's YOUR game of the year? — Monster Hunter World, zero question	oh interesting! i thought you would have picked The Missing!	sHIT	others
998	From the deep comes FRĒ for new iPhones — order yours today:	Your product is subpar from what it’s used to be. Cases crack after a month, gaskets/films rip tear, it’s a shame. Fill out form on website nothing gets shipped.	We're sorry to hear about the issues you're having with your case! If you didn't hear back from us about a warranty claim, we may not have received it. Go ahead and give us a ring at 1-888-533-0735, and we can get a warranty started for you.	others
999	Good morning, off to the Secret Diner at Sudbury Prison for the cycling group’s Christmas lunch; hope they let me out afterwards!	Your annual tradition. I'm sure they do after the washing up is finished	Haha, managed to get out without washing up Hilde	others
1000	I have recently become aware that there are people who listen to podcasts sped up so they can, listen to more podcasts, I guess? I think this practice is terrible. People should accept that many things will remain unfinished when death's cold embrace envelops them.	On the flip side, we have some recorded book devices (search term: Playaway) that allow you to slow down a book as you listen to it.	I would like that very much. I would like to slow just about everything down a bit. Even baseball.	others
1001	ive spent the whole day n did NOTHING at all for ny finals haha	same	i have a calc final n two english essays due tomorrow but ive just been ... chilling in bed	others
1002	Guys I have something I’ve been considering that I feel the need to come clean about From this point forward, I am quitting smash 4. Sorry if this disappoints anyone, but I don’t believe it is smart to continue competing in smash 4. Sorry everyone	My hearts been shattered	I’m sorry	others
1003	“What all you tryna do?” Me tryna find excuses not to go.	Jared	I be tired after work Gabby lol.	others
1004	Although highly unrealistic, a small part was hoping to see it roll up a backwood	Backwoods come from armadillos tbh	Wow this makes so much sense. I’m woke now.	others
1005	Are dentists scammers? Like mechanics. They tell u anything is wrong to get that money!	They can be. The big money is in cosmetics, and it's not like they have to dance too hard on people's insecurities to get that chedduh.	Well yeah they always push me to get braces which is not gonna happen. But also I haven’t had a cavity in like 12 years and now I have 2??? I call bullshit lol	others
1006	Excuse me what	Time to play all those GMod Maps I could never play!! oh wait that was counter strike source FUCK jfikirojgno	Now announcing: GMod 2!	others
1007	How can you not be smug when this is the view from your bath	Ohhhh enjoy!	Thanks Tilly, my Birthday treat and going to in the INEC tomorrow night	others
1008	1. Arthur 2. John (keeps it real and he’s a goat from RDR1)  3. Lenny () 4. Charles 5. Sadie	Dutch before he went officially crazy in Chapter 5	Dutch a bitch	others
1009	There's a better way to discipline because of bullying, than making a child walk to school in near freezing temperatures	It's true. Making them walk fuckin nekkid might actually teach something. Just walking to school in the cold is something that thousands of kids do every day anyhow.	It is.. yes.. but I don't think you need to embarrass your kid to teach them a lesson	others
1010	csgo battle royale demo frags	Cs go free to play	I know everythign my discord is exploding	others
1011	what’s your favorite genre of shark? Mine are hammerheads and black tips	Hammerheads and Lemon Sharks	2 amazing choices I love lemon sharks!	others
1012	It’s my birthday bitchesssss	Happy birthday!	Thank you!!	others
1013	Ruh halim Fenerbahçe gibi Ligin en iyi kadrosuna sahip ama en diplerdeyim.	Cık cık cık :))	ablammmmm	others
1014	- uma palavra uma musica {1/?} - o primeiro que comentar ganha ponto - print das nots on (apenas uma vez)  - rt e fav pra valer   letra: g //sadie	god is a woman	o print more //sadie	others
1015	lost & found by jorja smith was my most streamed album of 2018 and i encourage everyone to listen to it in full it’s absolutely amazing and the songs get better after each track it’s insane and so beautiful ugh	literally taste i love that album so fucking much	it’s insanely good omg hasn’t aged even a tiny bit for me	others
1016	Are you someone who follows me AND interacts with my posts, likes, retweets or comments regularly? If so, I want to make sure I'm following you back.  Let me know if I'm not please	Not.	I thought we followed each other?	others
1017	i can't go to this because school is sucking he life out of me so you should go in my place :) yes , you	BRING SCHOOL TO THE GIG	i’ve done it before LMAO but i have class the next day at i have to be up before 7am so	others
1018	who remembers flappy bird lol	get this tweet deleted	delete your account how bout that	others
1019	Are you trying to be funny? Because I’m not laughing.	I’m just trying to catch a buzz lol	Drink up! I’ll be joining in shortly.	others
1020	Liam Gallagher on Sir David Attenborough: “He’s like god isn’t he? Got a bit of a god vibe, know what I mean?”	IKWYM	Legend isn’t he!	others
1021	I love fasting. Idk how people do it for so long though.	Discipline and conviction I suppose? I wish I could learn the trick, too.	I'm more so curious how they maintain the human body, because that thing has a mind of its own. Or then ease out of a fasting after doing it for 30 days or whatever. idk I find it all fascinating. ha	others
1022	DO YOUR WORST	Late but you are a very good pal, you're very nice to talk to, you are very funny and you are very talented, and you're gonna go far in this life with what u are doing	The only way is to start pulling the right cards like you are doing epic sams gamer	others
1023	Just can't wait for 11th December now	Are the poll results coming out on dec 11? Can you tell me more. When was this data published?	The whole country is in election mode these days, follow the latest news with	others
1024	USE CODE VL-POLTERR FOR GOLD PUMP IN FIRST CHEST EVERY TIME <3	tf is this	just use it	others
1025	I'm so used to fake!hate towards Hader that I'm waiting for the 'jk' at the real hate towards him.	How can anyone actually hate him?	I've honestly never seen anyone hate him before. Somebody has always liked *something* he's been in, but this one twitter guy is PISSED he got a GG nomination.	others
1026	Indian for lunch at Ambrosia India Bistro. Lamb Curry, butter chicken, aloo tiki and basmati rice with Naan.  에서	I need to get Indian food asap....this looks really good Joe. How was the lamb???	Omg, it was soooo good. It has been a while since I've had good Indian food, and this was perfect. The lamb was so tender and flavorful, and the curry did not overpower the lamb. Perfect spices all around!	others
1027	This is the only arrangement of TWYW I'll ever need	what if a oor-only version exists on toru's laptop?	I would KILL for that laptop	others
1028	I promise I will respond to my moots messages after my exam tomorrow please don’t think I’m ignoring you, I just didn’t want to seem very curt and unresponsive if I replied. I’ve just been extremely busy with college ily	Good luck	ILOVEU Thank youuu	others
1029	50, not 500.	Maybe extending up to 150 after a while?	"That is the path we followed originally. Dunbar's Numbers are: 5, 15, 50, 150, 500. We found that whatever limit we set, the system averaged out to the lower ring. So 50 caused 15, 150 caused 50, 500 caused 150. 150 was probably the best ""feeling."""	others
1030	I BURNT MY TONGUE AGAIN	Ohmygod	We are okay it is used to this treatment I can already almost taste things again	others
1031	Semi	Semi	It was meant to mean it’s a semi new pic cos I’ve had it up before you have a dirty mind	others
1032	What a boring undercard ):	I actually like the undercard	I know a lot of the artists but I’ve either seen them before or they’re not worth the cost of the buku ticket	others
1033	You’ve ever been so sad that you don’t even feel the pain of sad music ?? Lol yikes	ima have to slap the sadness out of u when i see u	or u could hug me lmfao aggressive ass ihy	others
1034	What is going on	Nothing just a security guard searching me before entering a venue but they keep on touching my sick it doesn’t make sense just touch the pocket area like it’s a bit lower	This a bit mad. Usually they don’t even check you like that	others
1035	Craving to go to a festival or concert right now	Come to Louis the child tn	I would honest to god be so down if I wasn’t deathly ill rn	others
1036	SiXERS WiN!!!!! 9-3 && this guy put up 6 points	thanks for telling me about his games bitch.	bitch tht was his 1st game && i jus found out abt it the day befr , kma imma send u a schedule whenever i gt 1	others
1037	Did you just compare 2 ALIVE and well human beings to a DEAD human..... I-	I did. Didnt seem like an issue on thank u, next. Had no problem bringing them back up then?	She brought them up in a song that is appreciating what your ex/ex’s did and taught you. Now she’s contributing a song for a DEAD lover if you can’t understand the difference then idk what to tell you	others
1038	IT WAD FROM AN NSFW IT SAID NAMJOON SAID DAMN BABY GIRL YOUVE BEEN BAD FOR D*DDY IM OFFING MYSELF	I CANT FUCKING BREATYHESNDKSDJNDHBKDS	ITS NOT FUNNY AND PEOPLE SAW IT IM LITERALLY GOING TO CRY	others
1039	F Day Faith - George Michael	Pop Godliness.	Definitely	others
1040	While designing some creatures I was looking through some of my old sketches and uncovered these, I figured I share them, a Metroid, Samus with the hatchling in her Super Metroid undies, and a Space Pirate concept...I think at some point I may render these tbh	love it!!! also is it okay if i make samus with the hatchling as my profile picture? i just wanna get your permission first since you drew it	Of course! I've got no problem!	others
1041	minho going ᵐᵐᵐᵐˀ at doongie donate your tears to me if u agree	Please	thank u	others
1042	Them headbands look stupid af	Bro you hate them so much	I love jimmy but you’re gunna sit there and tell me those look good on them??	others
1043	"Sent in a paper at 2:00am, just realized the title is literally ""[insert really cool title]."""	Praying for you	I definitely need it!! Thank you	others
1044	You can’t change someone’s mind who has already made up their mind. Especially not in today’s world. People are too prideful.	Coming from you this makes me chuckle	I would be glad to change my mind in a civil conversation supported by evidence.	others
1045	We just started a fight club on red dead	I thought you were supposed to... not talk about it?	Is this cause you weren’t invited ooooorrr	others
1046	The eagle has landed! My suitcase finally arrived - just in time to get back to the airport in 11 hours Thank you	I’m guessing that you used the chance to upgrade your wardrobe in the meantime ;)	I can neither confirm nor deny that ;-)	others
1047	Souja Boy really out here selling knock offs of real products, what timeline do we live in holy fuck	Wtf he selling?	He selling a SoujaGame Console that looks like an Xbox one and is just an emulation box, a SoujaWatch which is a knockoff Apple Watch, SoujaPods which is a poor mans AirPods, SoujaPad which is a knock off iPad, and way more knock offs	others
1048	40% of my music listening this year via a voice device. I don't know what to make of that.	Cripes, I wonder if mine’s even higher.	if you use Spotify, everyone uses the voice devices so not solely my listening.  I'm not sure if 40% is good, I feel like we play way more ambient, was expecting magnitudes times personal listening. But clearly not.	others
1049	guys i know.......... I don't like like ur idea of a boy. but i AM a boy, I use he/him or they/them pronouns. please use only those for me!	you're a good bby ily	I LLLLLOVE YOU	others
1050	Rihanna > Beyoncé .	you're making a noise.	Facts doe	others
1051	So bloody excited about next job!Something to get my teeth in to. Transylvania here I come.	Excellent! When do you start, lovely? xxx	January, I have never been more nervous b4 in my life x	others
1052	as someone who can't read japanese this is an incredibly good tweet	That's pretty much the jist of it though, just summed up VERY briefly	i figured as much from google translate i just found the juxtaposition real funny	others
1053	so quero natal e ano novo logo, beber um bom vinho chapar sozinho, fodase chutei o balde	Que cara engraçado kkkkkkkkkkk	kkkkkkkkkkkkkk qlf	others
1054	4.0 this semester glory to God	Yeeeeeeessirrrrrr	Boss way brother	others
1055	I love iguodala so much	What’s this in regard to?	Warriors losing 24-0 start to season in milwaukee	others
1056	I was dreading Christmas and was hiding away Christmas day but now I have a really cool Xmas jumper and the love of my gorgeous Twitter family I'm looking forward to celebrating with dad close by in my heart bring it on xxx	It would have been my Dads birthday on the 11th and the tree will go up on Sunday as it’s always done on the nearest Sunday. He’s with you.	Awww will be thinking of you. He certainly is he's on my bedside table in my necklace xx	others
1057	Only thing we need right now is to collapse. Should keep something for 2019 :)	there's still time. Payrolls tomorrow	But even if it’s worse it will be a minor drop, really want to see Trump and XI making progress and demand for USD offshore reducing and a good 8-12% gradual drop in USD.	others
1058	A 3.	Here we are	I regret asking for this on so many levels and now I want to punch myself.	others
1059	I shouted 'Oh no, Pete Shelley's died' with real anguish, upset. Teenage daughter started crying; I didn't even know she liked The Buzzcocks. She only heard 'Shelley's died'. Shelley is our cat.	But is the cat named after Pete, Percy Bysshe, or Winters :-)	Shelley from Tortoise Shell. Mae named it when she was 5.	others
1060	My father loved e-40 when I was little kid Hahahahahahahahaha	My uncles did too... LMFAO! Always sounded like he was rapping with peanut butter stuck to the roof of his mouth to me...	He raps like he fighting a water hose to me. Yours is funnier though	others
1061	was just watching their MMA red carpet entrance again and realised they cut Hobi out of it and panned the camera off after Jimin *inhales* HE WAS LITERALLY RIGHT BEHIND JIMIN AND THEY DIDN’T INCLUDE HIS ENTRANCE	how dare- it's 2018 and the man's still not getting the screen time he deserves : ( wtf MMA	IKR! they could clearly see he was after jimin. I don’t get it	others
1062	This is the musty shit y’all do at bachelorette parties? I just know she got a yeast infection after this.	He caught that pink eye!!	and lord knows what else. I’m sickened.	others
1063	I'm SO CLOSE to knowing all the names of all the seventeen members, bless my heart	I got insane to knowing them all, but you can do it! It´s just a little hard	I mean, I managed to memorize every single nct member and now I know every single one of them better than my actual friends. I can handle seventeen	others
1064	The Prime Minister threatens to neutralise Brexit, disable our sovereignty and obliterate the Conservative Party	She don't care probbley got job waiting for her in the EU	Likely	others
1065	My feed just died, who did he pick?	DUKE	whoever made the call that the hat was to his left and he's left handed was spot on.	others
1066	Hello, so I'm basically being dumb and forgot that  1. twitter deletes your deactivated account after 30 days 2. twitter deleting your account means you lose all your edits and memes I didn't mean to lose my account :( twitter I hate you	i missed you syn, hope you’re doing well	Hey Ayanna, missed you too. I'm doing okay, how about u? How have u been?	others
1067	I am working on something big and cool and soon you will know all about it	Hopefully it’s merchandise because I would buy it	as if I would ever do that WITHOUT YOU	others
1068	if u use nightmode twitter ur a gutter rat DONT @ ME LMAO	You’re literally only person i know who uses day time mode, my friend you are the gutter rat	A gutter rat is someone who be lurking in the dark lmao I cannot be a gutter rat it literally makes no sense U RAT	others
1069	tore my family apart cuz of bread	this is what happens when people discover the gloriousness of mexican pan dulce :3c	my family is falling apart, my mum is gonna disown my sister over bread hehhrejwijeqijg	others
1070	"Man that song just really helps on ""those days"" doesn't it? That was my first cassette tape. Also, I just had to google cassette tape to spell it..."	It’s the best song ever! And in my view, there’s much more shame in misspelling it than googling it :)	Good point!	others
1071	who else am i adding?	me	do u my notifications on?	others
1072	can you get the choclates and sweets that are out of stock back before Christmas?	Hi Eram, stock is replenished very often so please keep an eye out! Thanks Yasmin	I need to make a collection with sweets and chocolates please get them all back	others
1073	no one getting shit 4 Christmas	I’m on the same boat sis	Only the kids y ya lol	others
1074	I could have just said some slick shit lol	Summer.. don’t take any shit in a work place lol people need to know they’re not about to come at people how they want and you gotta make that abundantly clear if somebody’s getting hostile or aggressive towards you. Regardless of their position fr fr	Aw yeah forsure	others
1075	This is	Hi Joy, did you record this? Where is it from? Can we share this on our syndicated news coverage with credit to you?	Sure! Just make sure to add that this is too. Thanks!	others
1076	Bingo!	fructose is a sugar	So why subsidize it and then turn around and tax it?	others
1077	Couldn't resist this little pick up from the	Jodie you have more jerseys than days to wear them	That sounds like a challenge aha!	others
1078	Thank you fantastic panto, and I will never want for a hair related joke...	We had an even longer list, but we cut it short.	I'll think of a reply if you let me mullet over for a while.	others
1079	It's raining, what hot drinks are you drinking tonight? Bonus points if you leave a little recipe for us to try!	My girlfriend just text me to say she’s making a Vin Chaud recipe - it’s a traditional French hot red wine drink with cinnamon, sugar, cardamon, clove, cognac, orange zest... Never had it. Similar idea to a ponche navideño. Now I’m intrigued.	as are we!	others
1080	What Barbs do y’all follow tho lol	Im unfollowing MANY of them now	Y’all be thinking I just be being Mean to these ppl but I have REASONS I don’t fuck with fake bitches	others
1081	it’s a gift protect it	U think so? Bro I literally predicted an accident two weeks ago in this intersection I drive though every day it was so random. I said to myself “in 1-2wks there will be an accident right here” drove by today & it was there. I started crying	It’s a gift bro trust me pray and harness it .	others
1082	so we just did something pretty cool! we had our first single ‘Girls’ played on BBC Introducing! thank you to all of you for your love and support that enable us to do amazing things like this! x	honestly so so proud of u the song is AMAZING xx	awh thank you!! love you lots xx	others
1083	i just saw this one my lovely friend’s ig story and i-	i’m a graphic designer and so are all my roommates and my friend looked appalled	she’s my sweetest friend but oh lord	others
1084	I can’t believe today is Christmas	Look at this gorgeous woman!  I think I have fallen in love!	Too sweet!!! Much love for u!!!	others
1085	いろんな色をいろいろ混ぜた黒だそうです 前髪もできました	Movie Star !!!	Thank you	others
1086	This is how research scholars are forced to live all the year round - long working hours and peanuts as inadequate/irregular stipend.	and repeatedly told to submit programs regarding direct transfer, which never seems to happen.	They should know scholarship is different from buying subsidized LPG cylinders. It is our Khun-Pasinay ki kamaai ...	others
1087	anybody else always end up with 30+ layers while drawing or is that just me	nah I have like several layers just for sketches and then I'll have several hidden ones for lineart I liked but then hid cause maybe I don't like it ENOUGH	right?? each part of the drawing gets a new layer and even coloring each part gets a new layer gjdnfgkdmg i ended up with almost 50 layers this time lol,,,	others
1088	Code Geass season 3 trailer came out this past week, Bleach is probably gonna be announced tomorrow, y’all already know what’s next...	Link for the geass trailer?	Got you G	others
1089	Looking forward to watching	It’s only tomorrow but I can’t wait	Will try and get our table to make as much of an atmosphere as your fans do ! Is up there with the best. Especially the post fight celebrations	others
1090	_  Retweet This!  Like & Comment  Follow Me &  Gain Fast & Big! Follow	_  Retweet This!  Like & Comment  Follow Me &  Gain Fast & Big! Follow          THANK U》	Tnx you Jean Ifb	others
1091	Oooo,	I am so sick of Pyramid Head and nurses at this point, but those *are* some damn good models =P	The way I look at it is we get such a tiny amount of merchandise I celebrate when they release anything. Personally I’d want a Mary/Maria monster or Valtiel. They never get any love.	others
1092	I’m so shit with money it’s unreal	What have you done this time?	I always tell myself I’m going to save up and it just never happens, fuck knows where the money goes	others
1093	My	Lol haven'r seen it but it can't be tjat bad	I wouldn't be surprised if the game is really good.	others
1094	now i'm a new iphone, new macbook, and apple watch kid and i'm not super mad	Well I am	leave me alone i don’t even know u	others
1095	I can’t wait for my friends to come back from college!	I know u miss me	Ofc! It’s been too long!	others
1096	can we get this mix for downloading. It's so maaadd.	It will be on the HBR App Kesho	Awesome. Thanks	others
1097	I’m baffled why anyone would defend an alleged tax evader especially someone who has the power to spread lies using her online publication just to get out of her predicament.	Speaking of spreading lies :	Some people need to use their head. Where did the CBCP get the authority to decide which site publishes fake or real news? By the way, GRPost is a blog site, not a news site. We don’t publish news.	others
1098	minho going ᵐᵐᵐᵐˀ at doongie donate your tears to me if u agree	IS THERE A LIMIT TO THE AMOUNT OF TEARS I CAN DONATE BC I HAVE BUCKETFULS RIGHT HERE LIKE SIXTEEN BUCKETS OF TEARS IS THAT TOO MANY	no the more the better im planning on making a lil indoor fountain of minhonator tears in my family's apartment so that'd be really great	others
1099	Probably the best thing i have ever seen	You are literally a joke	Think I’m the only person on the planet who likes a bounty ffs	others
1100	Can I die	Ääääää no	What r u being so cute for	others
1101	Solid	no it ain’t	Why’s that	others
1102	Oklahoma Governor Fallon declares state of emergency for all 77 counties. (I am NOT a good winter weather person!)	Gretchen	I NEED that red beanie!	others
1103	So who do I report to when I find a secret in Destiny that I don’t think anyone else knows about? I think I just found something	obviously xD	my boy I found a scannable that i can’t scan. One second I’ll send a video	others
1104	¿Soy yo, o a Twitter España se le está empezando a ver demasiado el plumero?	500 seguidores menos en 2 semanas. Cuentas que desaparecen....	¿Coincidence, Scully? I think not...	others
1105	Now this is epic	Tomoe isn't in smash you dongle	It's just my background	others
1106	Thanks	Ireland has been decolonising in case you hadn't noticed.	Most of Ireland's population is descendants of British colonizers. But good for u on deflecting the point with one country that may not belong on the list.	others
1107	Yes papi	No papi	I will game end u also add me back on fortnite	others
1108	real friends ?? mmm can't relate	be friends with me duh	yes , so we can do bad things together and ruin people's lives together !	others
1109	I have news! The paperback of SONG OF BLOOD & STONE will be out July 16, 2019! And it's getting a brand new look! Pre-order today! Amazon →  B&N →  Indiebound →	Great cover.	Thanks!!	others
1110	How is everyone doing tonight then? Friday tommorow	trying not to killmyself waiting formy mock results	You’ll be fine mate, GCSEs yeh? Piece of piss	others
1111	After living in Colorado for almost 5 years and trying to like jam bands, I’m finally saying today they sound like trash. I feel relieved.	we can still be friends	Haha sorry, Kipp. But I appreciate our bipartisan effort to remain friends.	others
1112	WHOA!! Look! I Made My Violet a HEART made outta COOKIES!! Kinda... Sorta! Hope she likes it... Umm I made it with ALL MY LOVE!!!!	Spoiled dog....	WHO? Not Me, I’m NOT! I’m Well Loved! Impossible to Spoil a Dog, Milk Spoils... !! Lol	others
1113	Whatcha mean by this ?	Sometimes we try to build a relationship for NOTHING! We never know what people’s true intentions are! Could be a waste of time... the older I’ve gotten I’ve realized 90% of the people around are temporary	Gotcha .. But still, don’t ever rush into something	others
1114	[RT] I need help to buy my mum a nice Christmas present So opening $10USD commissions 5 slots only  $5 extra character $3 shipping  All styles PayPal only DM if interested	I want one!!! This are so cute but I don't think I can atm, But I'l retweet it! Is the least I can do ;! Sorry	That’s ok thanks for the support means a lot	others
1115	i declare today the day of sharing pics of beautiful men, and women, wearing suits. go.	Ciiiiilliiiiiiaaaaannnn	ahhhhhh i find all black to be his perfect match!	others
1116	What my desk looks like at any given moment during this transfer. Not pictured: mountains of unit trays.	My desk needs to look like this	I’m definitely not complaining!	others
1117	as if me n curt do proper food shops when he comes here like we are a full on adult couple	Yasmin most people do proper food shops that’s basic adult functioning	have u met me i find easy things HARD	others
1118	update: I just got paid to do NOTHING for the last 4 hours of my shift	literally me at my job i just sit and listen to music/watch tv most of my shift	Fuck the system, gimme my check	others
1119	Thank you lol that’s a long fucking time	Okay well I’ve listened to 9 hours of Mackey gee	hahahahaha oh my god that’s A LOt of mackey gee	others
1120	I have been laughing about this for hours now please send help	I ALMOST PEED MY PANTS PLEAAAASE	I WAS ON PUBLIC TRANSPORT WHEN I FIRST SAW THIS AND I TRIED TO KEEP MY LAUGH IN AND I COULDN'T BREATH NORMALLY FOR SOME SOLID MINUTES	others
1121	All I want is for it to be light outside again	Same... I very much dislike the winter for the lack of daylight	I just want evening walkies	others
1122	who's charlie	my friend	he has terrible hair. has he ever taken a shower? I look nothing like this guy.	others
1123	Prince was 5’3” and a fuckin sex symbol but go off ig	Omg what I didn’t know he was so small we’re the same height	He wore a lotta heels	others
1124	Me: i don’t remember A.C.E being that much taller than me... *zooms in on the photo* istg Donghun and Byeongkwan are on tiptoes	they definitely are, also why are chan’s feet so big i’m-	I guess I was too tall for them	others
1125	For some reason I think of you 2 when I hear this now... .	Lmao yeah buddy!!!	"And it has the subtle sampling of MJ's ""Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough""..."	others
1126	They are so married	me @ this:	"Someone in the DF Discord made a ""no YOU get off the phone"" joke after this was posted and I died laughing"	others
1127	Signed Tony Casillas Jersey!! Asking $100 for it.	Why? Keep it!	Got a buddy wanting to sell it and he doesn’t do social media, so I figured I would help out	others
1128	Some old man just asked me if my knees get cold while his two old friends were cracking up in the background touché grandpa	Omg I loveeeee your boots the all black ones are	Thank you!!	others
1129	Been nauseous every damn day	Que comiste?? Food poisoning maybe?	Ugh omg :( maybe ?! No se me pega en la mañana y then randomly in the afternoon :/	others
1130	I have to wait 'til Christmas for Smash Bros Ultimate...	I got it for my son for Xmas. So I have it and a switch, and I can’t play with it.	Ugh, it's torture	others
1131	Until we sea each other again	YES	ugh love you	others
1132	Everyone's year was different, but this is how 2018 sounded to me. Get yours.	Ooh, Stephen Malkmus...	Absolutely. Love the guy anyway but his new one is easily one of my top 3 records of the year.	others
1133	I did this a few months back and got nothing. But considering I'm feeling low on myself today I thought it'd be nice to hear what ppl have to say about me if anyone has anything to say. ;;	You are one of my closest friends! I love that we can do dumb shit together and generally like a lot of the same stuff ~	You and Van are two of my oldest friends and I'm glad we all came together as a trio and can still stick to one another afterall these years ;;	others
1134	Why is everyone up in arms about who wears the captains armband. You don’t need to be the official captain to act like a leader and a captain on the pitch. Switching the captaincy would not have made a difference to last nights result!	Ano but bringing back the real captain Lee Wallace,*could have.	You really think Wallace who hasn’t kicked a ball for us in how many months would’ve won us the game last night?!	others
1135	had to hard carry just to get it to OT. This W felt so nice	What ranks we looking at my guy. Always nice to see you bucking on em with that AK	Was a faceit match I’m like lv 7 (well was been playin with the SwaeLee Leeswae so I’m at like 6 rn but the game was ruff we ( me ) get it to OT and my teammate left he was high key toxic tho loll	others
1136	“why doesn’t lena dunham have any good friends to keep her in check!!!” she yells as the one millionth lena dunham news cycle is underway. her mouth hops off her face and begins bouncing down the street yelling incoherently until it’s run over by a Citibike.	lol i mean, she def admitted the one good friend she has resigned from her ass precisely because she kept crossing the line, in that profile the other month	oh that’s why they don’t talk anymore?	others
1137	This is just a quick tweet to say that I GOT BARRICADE at Dean Lewis' concert. I will tweet a thread about the concert, after I get home.	HOPE YOU HAD FUN!!	I HAD THE BEST TIME, ANNA. Thank you! Here is a thread.	others
1138	10+10 = 20 8+5 = 13 20+13 = 33	Wtf	I like to count in tens	others
1139	So you’re good with Trump?	Hell no, just don’t want Bernie or Elizabeth Warren. If Bernie or Elizabeth were the nominee I would have no choice but to vote for them, cuz I’m a true blue democrat And what about you ? Who would you like to be the nominee ?	Kidding................................................... i think............................	others
1140	We live, ruining friendships with monopoly & Uno.	Did yall ruin friendship last night	Oh yes. Multiples. I even ended up sleeping on the couch a couple of times from but we good now!	others
1141	wna eat mala	I never ask	BUT I THOUGHT YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME?? SO I THINK THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW EVERY THOUGHTS GOING ON IN MY HEAD	others
1142	honestly had no idea I could love a cat so muchpretty sure hubby gets jealous at times	This cat daddy agrees!	So cute!	others
1143	I dont like this pic :/.	I don’t see anything wrong	There's nothing wromg	others
1144	Yet he could have had 10 mil if	Glad he's gone	Hard to argue for sure	others
1145	When she doesn't ask you for money, just know you're not alone. Someone is cashing in	Let me just take it that you're joking...But even then, the joke ain't nice...or funny	Neither did I say that I joking	others
1146	hiya lovely xxxxxx	Hey xxxxx	U okay lovely xxxxxx	others
1147	Hey	It’s a squad spawning glitch that users have been exploiting majorly. The only way to fix it is to remove the squad spawn bonus which they are doing in the next hotfix	Thanks. I watched some videos showing the exploit. Crazy.	others
1148	Our 3G data service is returning and we are confident it will be fully restored by 9.30pm this evening. Our technical teams will continue working hard with Ericsson engineers to restore 4G which will bring us back to full network service. More here:	Still nothing at all working for mine and my WiFi is intermittent..	Thanks for getting back to us. It's a gradual process so we'd recommend rebooting your phone every so often. Please keep us updated.	others
1149	I wish to see aurora borealis with him	god : creates this phenomenon to scare and remind us of him Tabinda : Dreams of romance outta it God :	Hahha well its so pretty and i wont be scares. Id say SubhanAllah and will explain him ( if he doesnt know, i hope so, so i can sound smarter) the science of it.	others
1150	Spent the last 5 minutes continually refreshing the morphe UK website, and it payed off. Look what I got	You better use this one	I might do Maybe it might just sit with Blood Sugar on my shelf	others
1151	Don’t ever make this comparison again	Show me the difference	Fortnite doesn’t have swords	others
1152	You done bake?	Yeah and them likkle toops bun Lmao	Lol that's not so bad	others
1153	Bitch Iam dead	Why? Did you get twice or something?	Yeah o got twice . I love them but ain’t rappers lol . If it was a dance thingy then yeah	others
1154	2 likes and brick jumping	Vid proof	The ground look a lil hard so Brick pussied our	others
1155	my job having a big Christmas party and they giving out 60 inch TVs for each person we bring. We need the whole family to attend	Okay okay lol when it is	Next weekend	others
1156	Well done tonight men showed great determination togetherness and desire to get through to the next round.  Well done John , Terry and	John Terry was there?	Nooooo worst bit of banter from you that	others
1157	Kinda wish I brought my Mac charger with me today. 12% of sheer panic over here...	Omg - I’m panicking for you. The anxiety is real	Crippling!	others
1158	What is this song please anyone? Not heard it on radio again and only got 7 seconds....	someone you loved - lewis capaldi (you can ask google to search for songs by music clips)	Thanks! I tried some websites but didn't acknowledge when I uploaded it, didn't know Google did it! Thanks xx	others
1159	Had me and	Lmao at least we all had fun gg that new dribble is too op right now	Bruh DM me gotta question	others
1160	SKSKSJS who let me look like that in public, someone collect their gremlin	awwwwwww ur SO cute	thank you love i cri	others
1161	Hello Chuka, you went to the independent school St Dunstans College, played the cello and were a chorister at Southwark Cathedral. Are you labouring under the delusion you're a man of the people?	Ooh I agree with most of your conclusions but please don’t call playing the cello activity	You don't get many state school children playing instruments or being a chorister. Fact.	others
1162	A new Tasting Sampler experience will let you sip and sample your way around Disney's	just to be sure - the tasting starts this week with existing snacks, but the new foods don’t start till 12/22?	Yep, as far as we can tell, that’s correct!	others
1163	A quick video highlighting some of the things I noticed Hezonja doing on defense vs Washington.  Nothing that jumps off the screen, but what I am guessing Fizdale is seeing in commenting about his stable defensive play	yo big fan but this post seems like a reach to me...	I tried to downplay it from people taking it as saying he played “great” defense, but I think he was acceptable and there are a few plays there to show that	others
1164	wind,glass,bluebird / kensuke ushio	hey! Did you watch best movie	i went to a screening in my city last month!!	others
1165	i remember this! i’ve literally been watching the real world and the challenge for so many years	I thought i was the only one who watches these shows	girl i’m still mad at ashley	others
1166	Thinking of cutting all my hair off again	Your request has been denied	Lmfao I’m being dead ass.. I’m so bored with my shit	others
1167	I can't understand why EA would shut down NCAA 14's teambuilder, a feature that costs them money for a game that exists in legal purgatory	Because Teambuilder is the same concept as Gridiron Champions and there's nothing illegal about using fake teams in the game.....it's more of a good faith and good will thing that it's been functional, years after the game was stopped. Either keep it running, or lose fans to IMV	sadly I don't think EA will care much about their fans unless there's money in it, at least if madden is any indication	others
1168	We got our engagement pictures back tonight. I locked myself in the bathroom and cried for 20 minutes.	Wow. They’re that bad?? jk! Can’t wait to see how perfect they are!!	No, I’m just an emo mess and I haaaate crying in front of people, so I do it in private Crying at the wedding in front of everyone is going to be fantastic	others
1169	DO IT FOR THE GAYS	PLEASE STOP ME TELL ME NOT TO DO IT	I AM THE WORST PERSON TO ASK I MAYHAPS HAVE A CR*SH ON SOMEONE TOO SO WERE IN THE SAME BOAT	others
1170	I spent 67 hours listening to Super Junior this year...No words	there are no words	67 hours I'm never going to get back...Wow. Wow.	others
1171	"Fresh install of WordPress 5.0 with the Classic Editor plugin and I'm seeing - ""Block Editor / Classic Editor"" choices - a ""Switch to Block Editor"" link You can remove these in the WP Admin by going to: Settings > Writing and seeing ""Allow users to switch editors"" to ""No"""	Its a total con, it still there. Try the disable Gutenberg plugins theres going to be a heap of them. Im trialing Classic press here hoping get behind it.	I've been using and I've been happy with the default behavior.	others
1172	Another great selfie before General Session 4 at	This time it was my even more distinct honor to meet the lead Twitter Influencer & his Friends!	I should definitely reduce my activity!	others
1173	The Engineer and Qs go hate you for this roof sha...	Well to some extent, but it’s more economical than the normal roof people use	All I can think is drainage	others
1174	My chest feels like its twisting, burning and squeezing. Comes in waves. Feels like heartburn but on crack. See you all in the afterlife!	It's that $90 pizza catching up to you.	It's not like I ate ALL of it!	others
1175	LRT best review, would read again	you're gonna LOVE it! I can already imagine you freaking the fuck out during some of these sequences.	I’m so hyped for this movie even though I’m going to have to see it for the first time dubbed in French	others
1176	So a few things I wanted to catch up on. Unfortunately I will not be able to watch The Game Awards Live tonight. I’m actually going to NEW YORK!! First time ever so I’m really excited. Hopefully those that deserve to win really win some awards. Last year HZD got completely robbed	I had forgotten the awards where on lol I doubt I'll get a chance to watch it. It's probably not even televised.	Yea I will try to stream it later. Hopefully it is awesome	others
1177	If this ain't me and my homies on my 21st birthday y'all ain't my homies	This was your homies with you at your house on a Friday night?	Smh is nothing a secret these days	others
1178	U GUYS OH MY FUCKING GOD	CUTIE AHHHHHFUVK	I CANT WAIT TI SHOW WVERONE	others
1179	Idk where my glasses at and I can’t see or hear	put the blunt down	I’m just trying to finish this paper	others
1180	*your plane was about to crash but a mysterious superhero saved the passengers and crew from dying by landing the engine savely. now you were all leaving the plane as the hero landed next to you; he was wearing a black metal suit with green stripes and a metal helmet*	*She was lost in the debre and crowds, her arm was bleeding and she was gaving a panic attack*	*you feel a soft hand on your shoulder as the hero comes closer and holds his other hand out to examine your arm*	others
1181	Selling R6 gold charm dm me	35? I write you tomorrow	Yeh message me when you want to buy	others
1182	Dead ass some pho later sounds like the wave anyone wanna come thru with ya boy?!	So what you tryna do	You down or nah boi	others
1183	The dumbest joke I've ever made	Oh boy, this would be ten times worse if it was drawn as normal Nikolai.	I'm not THAT heinous. The worst thing I could possibly do is subject everybody to more Homestuck	others
1184	I never drunk water growing up & I’ve always had clear skin.	Your skin not sensitive to this toxic world	At all lol I’m blessed	others
1185	Spotify 2018 year-in-review top tracks: 1. The Middle 2. Thunderstorm By The Waterfall - Rain Sounds (10 hour loop)	of course The Middle is your #1 hahaha	I’ve had worse phases, I feel like	others
1186	Y’all should see me fuckin this burrito up!	Prolly eating that shit like trouble at thumbs up	LMAO STFU	others
1187	hey this is cool!!! lets do this ladS!!!!	26, 8, 40 & 88	26 a Jam	others
1188	Binge watched the last series of Fortitude and my desire to fuck off to Svalbard has never been stronger	Its brilliant New series takes weird on to a whole new level!	I absolutely love it!	others
1189	If you expect something to be explained to you by others instead of using your ability to look it up yourself, you’re a thought communist.	If I expect a student to explain something with evudence and they expect me to use your ability to look it up yourself, they fail my class. That's not how argument works.	I was talking about a joke. You sound like one cool teacher.	others
1190	OH MY GOD!! I’m so pleased I’m not the only one who fancied Disney characters had a pure crush on the beast.... and Kovu from Lion King 2	Im same!!! Kovu	Absolute beaut of a lion!	others
1191	this is exactly why I followed you’re cause you’re speaking facts	Thanks ma! I cant stand them acting all “outraged” keep that same energy when our people are getting killed everyday for simply being black	Deadass! And most of these people be dating black peoples but can’t acknowledge any of the struggles black people face	others
1192	Iverson was my man!!! such an underrated player & never got his ring	Underated?! He’s in the HOF	yeah but i feel like he’s not usually included when talking about some of the best, he was a great player	others
1193	top genre: rock top artists: rappers what	AYE X IS UP THERE	Hell yeah my guy	others
1194	We have been learning all about Asia this semester in Geography, so what better way to tie it all together than with 'A Touch Of Asia' projects. Proud teacher of these bright stars and what they have accomplished independently!	They look fantastic Aimee!	Thanks Bec :) If you're on stage 3 next year you should do these	others
1195	Here Lies Nicole’s Favorite Ring  11/30-12/5   Gone but never forgotten	How do you lose something in 5 days	HoW dO yOu LoSe SoMeThInG iN 5 dAyS	others
1196	CTEEA committee this morning with	I watched, fascinated, every second of this. The differences between the submissions was very clear.  Many of the MSPs admitted to being confused about all the terms being bandied about.  Phil bunce got a mention!	That was a brilliant & valid point. Bunce doesn't ID as NB, he identifies as man or woman on a day to day basis, so that cannot and shouldn't be captured in sex data.	others
1197	Slowthai looks like someone that flips his eyelids	He's a ghum nai	He’s a mal nai	others
1198	AND 3rd semester of grad school is DONE by far the most challenging semester of them all !	Get itttttt!!!	Girl I’m TIEDDDDDD one more semester of this	others
1199	Looking great in those ugly Christmas sweaters! Cigam week wraps up tomorrow with	come on weeks! warm a raffle ticket?	*win a raffle ticketExtra credit for	others
1200	‘One More Sleep’ has earnt it’s title as the best Xmas song since ‘All I Want For Christmas Is You’ officially now hasn’t it?	Heard you belting it out on side 1 this morning	It’s such a tunneeee	others
1201	i wish that we could spend the holidays together i thought you were so strong you’d make it through whatever, it’s so hard to accept the fact you’re gone forever	it’s what she deserves	you’re so mean	others
1202	i just want to put on a trench coat and take rainy day photos and pretend to be a PI from the streets of Hyperion City and god why has the Penumbra taken over my podcast life?	because you can't help but fall in love with mistah steel!!!!	his snakry angst is everything i love in a main character	others
1203	Messi can easily score with both feet which he does so I’m confused. This is coming from someone who scored almost half his goals in unofficial friendlies	Ronaldo fucks Messi’s wife basically Ronaldo >	I literally just finished shitting in all your pillowcases	others
1204	how are yu great lady / do yu have a face book beso	Hola . Si tengo	wrote to me by the way i'm happy to get a lady as yu're kind person i'm sure i would like to send yu something from my country for our friendship drop me line if yu want something Miss Mariana	others
1205	what’re uuuuu doing	He got more bread than us multiplied by each other... he can do what he want lmao	ight ight you ain’t gotta bring money into it	others
1206	Doing	Assuming you’re sober again	Of course	others
1207	I take such nice photos of Ollie but he is an absolute joke when it comes to taking nice photos of me. Hate him	I don’t even ask frank to take pictures anymore, he’s captured bad angles I didn’t even know existed!	Really pisses me off though! I wanna look good for the gram, too! Men R Trash x	others
1208	Oh come on Nick, everyone has a celebrity crush.	Yep mine is nick......maybe there’s still hope	I think he's a few people's now!	others
1209	Lmao don’t even bring this back up	Did I make an account for nothing?	Girl I don’t even remember what that app was about or my info	others
1210	Why dont you share you time and sales on all trades in a single account?  Because you are a fraud. That is why. 6 demos at the ready something will move up or down on one.	how can such an emotional person be good at trading? im genuinely confused here	I'm void of emotion. I know the end game.	others
1211	Let me present to you: my brother	":((( but you'll find grown ass men all over social media talking about their favorite teams and athletes and arguing everyday about ""who's better,"" buying and wearing their merch and attending/watching their games. it's the same energy there's nothing wrong with loving taylor."	EXACTLY	others
1212	How do you do, fellow gamers?	Alec be looking like Keifer Sutherland from lost boys.	LMFAO. I still need to see that movie.	others
1213	We are mere hours away from the Avengers 4 trailer announcement	I wonder if we’ll get the title reveal with the announcement?	I really hope so	others
1214	Kim better hope that clip doesn’t go viral. Has she lost her mind???	it’s already on all the ig blogs and the comments in the yt video were dragging her.	That is the first time I saw that. I can’t believe she would say something so stupid.	others
1215	Hi there. Please respond to this with any unpopular opinion or debate topic about college football or pro football.	If Les Miles was the coach at Kansas this year KU would be in a Bowl game	And if they had a qb. Then they would be a 7 win team	others
1216	This sis of mine is ready for	I am so jealous. I have tickets to see him at TDGarden next August lol	He was SOOO GOOD! And Lily was crying her eyes out lol	others
1217	Just remembered the time a guy I was banging told me his ultimate fantasy was to fuck me in a casket full of worms Why yes he did listen to Marilyn Manson, why do u ask	My ex wife once regaled me with the story of the time she fucked a legitimate necrophiliac, she said he asked her to take an ice bath and go dead-fish during the encounter	I don't have a lot of hard limits but an ice bath is definitely one of them	others
1218	The shop is back for Christmas!  Want to bag yourself £20 (3350RP) worth of Riot Points?  RT this & reply with a snap of your shop to enter! Winner announced this weekend	:( Do you guys have a update on mine as well - i did DM but not had anything back starting to get worried.	Check yo DM's!	others
1219	Who got my car keys	me mybad bro	That shit ain’t cool lesbo	others
1220	don’t you love those days where you’re paranoid people shade you in gcs and your brain is telling you you can’t write for shit bc i do	anyone who shades u can catch these hands	(in)taj!!! it’s definitely just my brain being a lil shit, but i’m honored you’d fight for me ilysm!!	others
1221	for not let my upload my beats	Were working non-stop to get everything running 100%. Thank you so much for your patience.	Oh shit I'll be patience broski	others
1222	Conversation with a Bangladeshi Uber driver.  So which part of India are you from? South. Chennai. Oh I know Chennai. I’ve watched the movie Chennai express.  Dei!	Hey Indu, this sounds concerning. Could you please DM us your registered contact details? We'll get in touch.	Ha ha. There’s nothing concerning. It was just a joke!	others
1223	It's a solid list, and with a new albums from ERR and Chvrches, and new EPs by Katelyn Tarver...not a shock. I rediscovered my love for Chantal. Lights...well, I NEVER stop listening to the queen.	Yasss I fucking love CHVRCHES	I finally got to see them live in October! They were amazing and Lauren sounded great and looked fantastic. I love the way she does her eye makeup.	others
1224	My version of hell is a bathroom at work with no WiFi or cell service	Are you in the bathroom Justin?	If only that were possible :(	others
1225	Idk what to say about the update. Good and Bad feelings	completely same. I was so hyped to play a new operation tomorrow but no, they put so much work into a battle royale like literally every other game nowadays. And they made it free. I'm pretty disappointed	Same i was hyped for an operation. And i have bad feelings about csgo beeing f2p because there could be more cheaters now idk what to think	others
1226	to create Music with her. She has definitely a amazing colourful voice & vibes......now you	Hi Chris, nice idea to work on next year (till end of 2018 buzzzy) :-) Next Saturday I play in Rotterdam: daytime a showcase with DIY instruments and that evening a modular set.... Have a good weekend (and Friday of course)... Take care!!!	Enjoy your Time & take care too🖒! Daaaamn....this Evening I have no Time.....but we will meet us soon again. Big Hugs Bro ( for your Dear & Simon Ali too)	others
1227	Ok guys one last time if your profile pic is anything like this I will block you. I’m not on here for dick pics	Porn star?	I djust my know. They’re barking up the wrong tree with me though	others
1228	rest In peace winter girl you will be missed	Sorry for your loss!	Rick thanks u	others
1229	Gekko can’t watch anyone gamble because he’s not 21 lmao ya hate to see it.	We gambling this weekend or what?	Yeah but not yet chief	others
1230	It's not just Twilight Zone that's in the reboot stage -- so's Night Gallery:	"What's the episode at :25 where the guy is yelling ""get out of here""?"	"That's Bill Bixby in ""Last Rites for a Dead Druid""."	others
1231	If your man doesn’t support you modeling. LEAVE. Your man should be your #1 supporter	Men Be Proud Of Your Girl! But on another not if you mans don’t trip we should definitely shoot if yous is down!	Dm me ideas !	others
1232	The Attorney®	Can't lie, I thought this was real at first glance.	I’m proud of my work.	others
1233	Has anyone else’s stories and pics on insta look like they’ve got glitches??	Aye mine have. Ffs the end of the world Is coming I can feel it	Ffs I don’t need that at 9:40 on a Thursday	others
1234	*Side Hustle Idea for Texas Residents*  Buy some $2 Selena bags when HEB drops them.  Sell on eBay for $38+ Each  Profit.	Damn, when do those drop??	They dropped this morning online the HEB website I believe and in stores. I know they dropped earlier this year and people went nuts. There’s some die hard Selena fans out here lol	others
1235	I don't even know what to feel cause I literally know none of these people. But I actually liked Lewis. Maybe I should date him myself	Let’s date him together, he’s more than capable	I don't like sharing but maybe I will make an exception for you	others
1236	El Paso Water has been treating wastewater to drinking water standards and recharging aquifers for 30 years. CNN’s Sanjay Gupta takes a look at the treatment process in a follow up story about future plans for advanced water purification.	Wish we could educate the media to evolve past the “toilet to tap” phrase. It’s inaccurate and sensational.	Travis - We would love to talk about our water reuse and future advanced purification on your podcast series if there's a chance to do that!	others
1237	*Goes to the city* Smash Bros in store everywhere :')	Is it released on the early in Belgium than in Germany or are they selling it too early? (Tried at 3 Stores in Munich, but non did that)	selling early	others
1238	Just got called a white trash MF’er by a stranger on a bike downtown, so that’s new.	Jackson is so nice! Lol crazy man	Outside walking my dog, look up and hear “wtf you looking at you white trash motherfucker” as he rode by. What a guy.	others
1239	On an unrelated note, I think I’ve eaten too many m&m’s....	Jane, they're Coffee m&M's! Gross!	No, Jackie, you don’t understand, they’re so good...	others
1240	How can you prove your worth to someone? Asking for me	if you have to even prove it then that’s a problem within itself.	I try not to sound like these “other” niggas but you know how that goes so i stay to myself	others
1241	Man was the dumbest movie... I can't believe people real life liked that shit!	I agree. And i dont think we have ever agreed on anything	I'm actually shocked because I would have guessed that you liked it!	others
1242	Nothing bothers me like the sound of incoming text message in someone's voicenote when am listening to it.	So we must silence all our contacts so we can send you a 30second VN?	For sure. Like why can't people concentrate on one thing. Esp women	others
1243	hoping diamond Tracy McGrady comes out January cause be ready opening packs. Was worried that he would come out this month	I think we’ll probably get break. U always tag all these streamers & I feel like I never see them answer u... Do they? & do u know i’m not 1?	2k is probably going to put diamond Tracy McGrady in a promo set. Was thinking throwback packs. Do have my interest in nba2k19 dynamic duo packs and playoff packs. Hopefully cards get some Hall of Fame badges too	others
1244	I peaked too early in 2018	DJ Sammy	Dj Sammy Wilson	others
1245	cons of winter= dryer skin than i had before... any recommendations for a super hydrating face moisturizer?	I use Jojoba oil and I love it	ima hve to try that jojoba oil, where do u get it	others
1246	Lord I thank YouYou have blessed me to see another Year Year 22 new blessings	Happy Gday bro!	Preciate that Bro	others
1247	Melbourne is so fucking warm right now	It’s obscene! But also I complained so much about winter so imma suck this one up	See I love winter, so I only complain about Summer	others
1248	Awards night with my awesome angel Ruby. So proud of your many achievements but even prouder of the beautiful young lady you have become.	Congrats Ruby , you look sensible enough to be a dragons supporter, couldn’t help myself Brenda .	Haha I’ve got news for you- she’s a Roosters supporter. Only flaw in an otherwise wonderful granddaughter.	others
1249	Me: Yeah, bitch. Type masturbate. Do it.  iPhone: No, please. I’ve already debased myself so much... Me: Fucking do it.  iPhone: *crying* Fine...	This is a good plan, except I usually end up doing both and then im like	I need to stick to it!	others
1250	And had someone on hand to film me doing it...look at me! Yeah I'm cynical af. There is no truly altruistic acts anymore especially in this age of tweets for views, likes, and retweets.	You’re right, how dare they video a happy event to help inspire others to do it! Those monsters!	"Please no one needs inspiration to do nice things for others. Either they'll do it for the sake of doing it, or they won't. Stuff like this false altruism, and it's all about the ""look at me"" culture we have going now."	others
1251	This one's for all the haters	How is everyone making these?! I click to share it and it just gives me a photo of the album cover for top songs of 2018 lol	This was a screenshot from sharing on FB	others
1252	first day in a month that I aint wake up feelin like shit. Alhumdulillah. Finally gettin over this illness. I’m depressed tho. Ain’t hooped in a minute. Smh	Did you have AIDS?	I ain’t smash no monkeys	others
1253	Hey universe, quick question: when’s the love of my life coming? Kinda tired of being single and just curious. Thanks!	Try online dating. I met my husband on tinder and I’ve never seen any two people love each other like me and my man. You have to put yourself out there, cant just wait around !	I’ve tried online dating but every guy I run into just wants to hook up.	others
1254	i’ve made a decision today. I talked to smn really special and i’ve realized how toxic twt is becoming for me. I’m gonna start getting ia in this account (i’ll just come online to finish my aus) until i feel ok enough to come back. +	ily jo take as much time as you need i’ll always be here if you need me	thank you baby ♡	others
1255	oh yeah i should read the raven cycle	you should,,, also six of crows	i haven’t read actual books in too long agdjdjdj	others
1256	i miss	Ahaha duo	Suggest you get a team now, want to see censor at LAN	others
1257	Head count!!! Who is going to be streaming tonight? Drop your links below!	You know I am!	Vol I can’t wait!	others
1258	reminiscing this outfit	Golden. But not as golden as you saving your favourite outfit until Sunday and then wearing what you did	tweet is expectations, this is reality - when’s the baby due?	others
1259	Everything this week makes me miss my dad. I woke up excited to call him and update him for the first time in a couple years and then remembered. If the holidays are hard for you too, I see you, and I send you.	I lost my dad in October. It's been hard and I'm not looking forward to Christmas.	I’m so sorry. Big love to you.	others
1260	I'm trying to cry in this parking lot so I parked far away this lady had the nerve to pull up next to me to cry too. LADY FIND YOUR OWN SECTION!	Lmaoo you okay boo ?	Lmao yes!!! I was reading the Bible and I'm a crybaby in general. Haha thanks for asking!!!	others
1261	˚ * .  . 　.　  · 　　                   We are both moons,         We still have our darker side 　　 ˚ ˚ 　　            　 · 　 *              *  　　　　 ✧　 　 ·        　 · ✵ ㅡ	uwu fanboy !!! CUTEEE	thank u	others
1262	last pic with braids	My actual angel wow	i love u	others
1263	I need this feast.  ・・・ Roast Goose and Goose Fat Mash this evening, part of a great goose feast using every single part throughout the rolling courses. The starter is Goose Liver Toast: slices of our own …	I have never had a goose	I wish we could fit in a visit. I think you would love it.	others
1264	jsais pas c qui les plus gros fils de pute, ceux qui tweet ca ou ceux qui rt	ça rends ouf les tweets putaclick comme ça	trop wesh	others
1265	Glad I was gone from Paris Friday PM. While there the city was preparing for this knowing full well it would be violent, maybe not this much so, but violent.	I am glad you were away at the time of the riots. I was wondering. Thanks for the update.	Everyone is somewhere. Even when there are riots nearby it is almost always easy to avoid them. During the occupy Wall Street movement I was in various foreign cities observing riots and always found them non-dangerous as long as you didn’t engage.	others
1266	As rare a sight as hen's teeth!	I hear you...	Jumped off now, but pretty much a first! Hope you’re well my friend. x	others
1267	Y’all ever seen Wayne at these radio doing interviews? He hate them so they have some type of hate towards him so any chance they get they speak bad of him	Who spoke bad of him now ? Or this just general	Ebro on his show saying Wayne not on jay z level	others
1268	IM 21 BITCH	Happy birthday baby!!! I miss you and love you lots!! We need to get drunk soon	Ugh yes we will! I love and miss you too! Thank you	others
1269	Came up to portrush to have a wee early celebration for my bday and Matthew was like aw pick any drink u want for tonight and I’ll get ya it so I panicked and now I’m drinking fucking glens with cherryade :)	Hahaha this gave me a good giggle	Swear I’m such a dick out of all the nice drinks like	others
1270	I said this! Can’t nobody tell me different. That was random af	It was a wonderful PR move	That’s eggzackly what that was. Kris Jenner written all over it	others
1271	Rogue Strands: The Best U.K. Poetry Blogs of 2018	Thank you for the mention, Matthew. It's a reminder to get back to it after an hiatus.	It's a pleasure, Jayne. I always enjoy reading your posts.	others
1272	Got to love the college, it's where dreams (Saas) comes true	Jordan get this so far to fuck	Puss Billy your a waster	others
1273	I still dont have an outfit for ace	Same	about to go in pjs and call it a day	others
1274	Meditation and connecting to The Divine, whatever you believe that to be is so much easier and clearer in nature. Brilliant work by	Thank you Julie. Hence the often used phrase ‘I need to get outside to clear my head’! Also (as shows), helps us to notice, connect with and care about nature - to realise we are part of it. More essential than ever.	You’re welcome. Do let me know about any events I can get involved with julie@juliesoskin.com	others
1275	I’m sadly not gonna be able to play Smash unless I’m with my frends cause I’m out here trying to get my own place.	respectable	We makin sacrifices. I’mma practice with Incineroar every chance I get so I’m not super behind everyone else when I do manage to get the game.	others
1276	Who wants to go blackout for three dollars at Riley’s Power Hour with me tonight ?	Me	K it’s a plan. Better not bishhh out	others
1277	Good morning everyone hope you all have a funtastic Thursday I have a slight issue with wind here.	Wind through your fur or out of your bum?!	Well to be honest a little bit of both	others
1278	Can y’all believe I slept for 10 hrs	I sleep 12 :]]	I should sleep more without the sleeping pills	others
1279	i drank one of those sleepy time teas last night to help me sleep but i didn’t notice that it expired 4 years ago and i woke up at 4am with the worst stomach ache and diarrhea lmao	Lmaaaooo omg poor thang!! Are you okay?	yeah i should be good now. it just aggressively cleansed my whole body hahaha	others
1280	Kev, Do you miss your C.A.T. mobile?	YES	LOL, Hope to see you at one of the Christmas parties. Stay safe!	others
1281	I’ve just seen a photo of my bearded self from 15 years ago. This has made me feel old as fuck.	I saw a serial killer from the 80s on telly the other day that was the absolute head off 18-year old you. Massively regret not grabbing a photo.	18 year old me did have a bit of a Mel Gibson vibe. Was it Mel Gibson?	others
1282	Getting tired of this emotions	Which?	You know already	others
1283	Dear ,  Today I had a gobbler craving and ordered it with no cran sauce, no mayo and wheat bread. I got heavy mayo, white bread and cran sauce. You haven't lost a daily customer, but maybe throw a gift card my way.  Sincerely,  Disgruntled yet still loyal.	Hi Maria! Thank you for letting us know about this. We're sorry that you were disappointed, and we appreciate the opportunity follow up. Could you please send us a DM with the store number/address? Thanks! -Ashlie	Thanks for getting back to me.	others
1284	I’m releasing a good ass EP IN 2019	Okay!!! And we’re ready	Loveeee uuuu	others
1285	Can’t even sink my teeth in smash until Tuesday	aren’t we buying it tomorrow	Yea but I have homework, I have to study, then I have to spend time with you	others
1286	I think that I was crazy because I saw the message for her new post but then I could see anything xD	i had just written my comment when she deleted it	Now I wanna now what she was trying to post. Because she doesn't post anything after that	others
1287	Excited to make my next campaign in the city!	I gotta read up on this setting! Never played MTG, so it will be all new for me. Is there anything I should avoid in the book spoiler-wise?	No - book looks good so far for both players and DMs. Orphea is basically a Golgari Druid so you might like that guild!	others
1288	My new main twitter goal is to have acknowledge my existence. Notice me beautiful senpai! I’m such a huge fan of you!!	You have my late mother’s name! It’s an auspicious sign.	You’ve made a Chicago girl very very happy today!! And aww I’m sorry to hear about your mother. On behalf of all Valerie’s, we love you very very much.	others
1289	Made a mistake of responding to a now viral thread about how my family eats apple pie w/sharp cheddar cheese for holidays & now I got a stream of ppl telling me how gross and wrong I am  aint nobody convincing me otherwise cus apple pie w cheddar is bomb and y'all missing out	What? That's a pretty normal thing I thought	That's what I thought??? But the dozens of mentions I have say otherwise	others
1290	NPQH done Pretty proud of this I must admit Huge thanks to my husband for constant encouragement & of course to my colleagues	Great news Jen you have worked so hard xx	Thanks Kate x	others
1291	Merry birthmas you filthy bitch	Happy birthday you stinky furry	I'm reporting you for cyberbullying	others
1292	Went to go take a peek at my Spotify wrapped and decided to go ahead and buy the family I premium cause Leslie ruined my data with her honky donk country music.	I refuse to believe leslie listens to honky donk country I need proof	Here’s ya damn proof.	others
1293	Fortnite after that update is fucking shit and boring and has more bugs than it had before.	I didn't face much trouble but the ping and the graphics thouughh they're wayy better now	My frame drops to like 10Fps late game and randomly dips. It’s making me hate the game	others
1294	I feel like in LA... rain days should be treated like snow days. lol  No one wants to do anything	I bet there’s hella people in line at Supreme for the box logo crewnecks that dropped today haha	bet they all got on their northface x Supreme jackets too	others
1295	"OH HELL YEAH. Though it's kinda boring when everyone in the city already knows where the crime syndicates ""hide"" and conduct their business. It's an open secret, which spoils the game."	...did not expect the hannover area to be a hotbed of crime syndicates	I don't think it is, but I still know exactly where the money launderers are, no joke. :'D	others
1296	Jamie what horror movies have you been watching lately	The last two I watched were Raw and The Ritual.	I have seen those and they are great, especially The Ritual.	others
1297	Somersby is one of the most underrated films ever, good day	Oh whoa, I had totally forgotten about my obsession with that movie until now	Just rewatched it. I think it actually aged into a BETTER movie in today’s political climate (sexism, racism, capitalism). So much lost on me as a teen. Also one of my favorite scores ever.	others
1298	Managed to call in and see an old friend today! Time flies & it’s coming up for 9 months since the KOYLI Group last had a working party on the loco.	Is there going to be any kind of agreement on a way forward for 2?	John, that would be for the NRM to update. The DPS & KOYLI group (who are currently working together rebuilding TULYAR) would always offer to take on the loco as custodians (as other groups have done with NRM locos). We have always had a good working relationship with the NRM.	others
1299	Big caughie	big dog 2 bottles deep would fuking have AJ	a was gonty write a would fancy him way a few bottles in him	others
1300	Black people out there who like country music, I'm looking for you and I want to be your friend please, I know there has to be more of us out there.	:/ please suggest some good country songs because I literally tried to get into this genre so many times but just could not get jiggy widdit	Haha do you use Apple Music or spotify, ill make you a playlist.	others
1301	If you want great cheap Chinese food goto taste of China at the boulevard mall	Mike said he is NEVER going there again, even though it was delicious.	you get a lot for a little	others
1302	"K.I.T.T.I.E - ""B.R.A.C.K.I.S.H"""	Fucking love Kittie	Hell yeah! I do too! It was in my scrambled files. Good shit!	others
1303	Soy kawaii?	wapo	i know	others
1304	My fortune.	As with all good Jews like you and I Helen. :)	A Hannukah blessing!!	others
1305	When I visit Canada, I lie and say I'm Canadian when asked where I'm from.	There...are 2 sides to the science?	i got nothin im canadian ay	others
1306	Took a 2 week break from work, probably the best decision I’ve ever made	Was this a paid “break”?	Yes lol	others
1307	I’ve never cooked with a pressure cooker before and my dad went back to work and not answering my texts. I’m assuming he’s in a meeting or smth. Plz, help. I think I figured it out but I don’t wanna heck it up.	Please don’t explode the house	Too late. House is gone.	others
1308	y did u do this	Lmaooo wtf is this?	I...I don’t know	others
1309	My UK visa has been granted yessssss!!!	Where exactly will you be going??	i'll go to london this time aaakkk so excited, are you from the UK?	others
1310	This...and dont forget Trudeau gave them millions of our money	Don't forget	Media is bought and paid for	others
1311	Just watching Taskmaster and falling in love with Sally Phillips.	So, a season behind? But yes, your point is totes valid.	2 seasons. Altho7gh I have watched the latest. So only one. So yes.	others
1312	I understand what you're trying to get across, but I think it's probably only fair to warn you that a LOT of sex workers would be offended by that phrasing.	Absolutely no offense intended, and I'm glad you saw the point.	Yep. But I'm less sensitive to words than most.	others
1313	thanks i eat a lotta veggies	not you	bitch i will cut u	others
1314	Amazing children’s library opening	Oh bother, I thought you were referring to Great Yarmouth. Ah well...	No - Guernsey! We have a fabulous public library and we are very lucky to have amazing staff too!	others
1315	Please retweet bc I really want to know but with 100 followers, I probably won’t get many responses:  Have any of you taken a Masterclass? I’m intrigued. Worth it?	My husband got me the Judy Blume Masterclass for Xmas last year and I really enjoyed it. I always find it helpful to hear about other people's writing processes and I found this a great in depth way to do it. I'd consider purchasing another one.	Thanks for the info! I loved Judy Blume books growing up!	others
1316	i think we have to break up. it’s not me, it’s you.	i can change i promise	that’s the thing idk if you can	others
1317	Not at all, that's how I first started actually.. I would drink it warm, then winter came and suddenly you are drinking it hot.	Im on the road to addiction, I swear	Oh yes, definitely.. after a few cups of it you will join us in the dark side I mean not adding milk anymore.	others
1318	I just wanna shine like the Wraith roof stars cause a nigga been down so long	ALLLL NIGHT LONG	NOW I KEEP A SHOOTA ON THE RIGHT	others
1319	I LENT SOMEONE MY DONGLE AND THEY NEVER GAVE IT BACK AND NOW IN THE TIME OF MY GREATEST NEED IT IS GONE	IS THIS ABOUT ME BECAUSE I THINK ITS STILL IN THE BACK AT STARBUCKS	YES BITCH	others
1320	No tea, no shade, JUST FACTS!	Just tryna be honest, it’s boring!!!	I havte drama, and I’m tryin to escape from it so joining fandoms was aBIG mistake	others
1321	A 2018 Honda Accord or a 2016 jeep wrangler for the trade in	Honda they some good cars	very reliable from what I've learned	others
1322	To QMU staff & students — what better way to get into the Christmas mood than to be serenaded by	Are we allowed to join in even if we are interlopers from Psychology?!	Oh please do join in!	others
1323	From festive feasts to good times with friends, what’s your favourite thing to capture with this December?	My albums suddenly stopped displaying in grid format, then I lost all my pictures. Do you know what happened?	Hi , thanks a lot for contacting us. I will do my best to help you out with your query. Please send us a DM explaining more about this issue, please remember share with us your Xperia model and Android version. Looking forward to assist you. Best regards, Bryan.	others
1324	I saw this & thought I should share it lol! We all do thinks we wish we didn’t & learn from our mistakes but this has a lot of truth in it lol	ROFL.....LMFAO ...girl best ecard image all day	I thought you would like that! I thought it was funny and would order it myself!	others
1325	Towards a liberated future Africa by protecting our girls and women.leadership by service to humanity.	Women empowerment, way to go Gogo..	Indeed baba	others
1326	Why did I have to be born as the most boring human being ever why did this happen	You are NOT boring wtf are you even talking about	Talking to me is like talking to a block of cement it's the truth you're the only person who thinks differently	others
1327	picked up a PS4 on his CC & got me Spyro Reignited + Red Dead 2 to play in my downtime from packing/suit making.  I am the HAPPIEST bean RN. Already halfway thru the 1st Spyro with all 100% (except the flight levels). Now all I need is my Switch & Ill be complete!	Gotta get that Red dead two with me and !	You gotta telegram me your PS name(s) so we can be budddiess	others
1328	BirthDrip Boy	Happy Birthday My Guy More Life !	Thank you	others
1329	This just couldn't happen to a nicer person! Avenatti to lose millions, his Ferrari, private jet, watches. Must pay 1.9 Million in retroactive child support in divorce settlement. Some champion of women huh?	Becky I'm shocked AOL is still around. I remember the internet revolution when AOL was king. Chat rooms the famous dial up......you've got mail. Memory lane	I know... Thanks for reminding me I'm old!	others
1330	Et vous ?	Deezer .. donc rien	Vive Spotify	others
1331	yoooooo	me muero de amor	have a bath with me	others
1332	Dick Cheney and Dan Quayle both look like they wanna jump Donnie out in the parking lot..	Pity they didn’t!	They should put it on pay per view..they'd make a killing..	others
1333	hello thank u for all the birthday wishes <3	I DONT KNOW U BUT HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND HAVE A FANTASTIC DAY	THANK U	others
1334	So we still celebrate St. Nicholas night(you put your shoe outside and Santa fills it with candy) at my house bc um my mom is the best ever? So anyway I put a hot pink stiletto heel out and basically my mom said this was the last year we’re doing that. Oops	Rapunzel rapunzel let down your extensions so you can give me more attention	When will these end	others
1335	// y’all gonna use these hogwarts accounts for 5 days. You shall not trick me	||~I say like a week.	// I was thinking a week but I went shorter	others
1336	Can’t help wondering, if Ashley sells, which is what Newcastle fans want, what the reaction would be if new owners got rid of Benitzez. Not sure this has been a considered option	The grass is not always greener, Ashley is not bored like Short was so they need to think what they want. They will never get a and Charlie M in a million years so let them crack on	Couldn’t agree more, argue as much as they like, criticise our owners as much as they like, fans know	others
1337	somebody knows the name of the white cream everyone is using on their spots?	It’s called stress	well I know how to get spots, just not how to get rid of them	others
1338	Just unfollowed 140 people	kat, the thanos of stan twitter	I did it. I snapped	others
1339	It has taken 15 hours to travel to Moscow from Manchester via Amsterdam with where it took 3 hrs 30 mins and never a lost minute, never mind luggage words cannot describe how annoyed I am. It affects lives this sort of thing	You're there now..... have a vodka and chill and think of us poor fuckers still in Middleton	I’d rather be in Middleton right now. Seriously	others
1340	What a week, never take your health for granted	Hope your ok girl x	Be better if I made it to see you, send me another of your rota for next month and we can sort somethingxxx	others
1341	Great clean out in the redstart by the ewe.	When was tat sown Brian ?	1week August it's behind where it should be on account of the drought	others
1342	Just saw a lady jogging stop to take a cigarette break that’s a first	Health at its finest	Jogging seems like a healthy thing to do so I was confused	others
1343	I hope your plane crashes through fluffy clouds of love and that they surround you in a blanket of safety, keeping you… — The plane landed just fine, but thank you!	Well I sent it well before your left.	I didn't check	others
1344	yall i’m telling you i’m a dom, i don’t care what kat or my irls say I AM A D O M	this seems like something a sub would say....	SHUT UP IM SUCH A DOM	others
1345	Sophie you should watch the baby documentary on iPlayer, they're so cute	I missed this, what's it called?	Babies Their Wonderful World on BBC2 I think	others
1346	I'm having a running stomach and tomorrow is breakfast hangout with a couple friends.  Sure I won't sly em all that tomorrow like this??	I can fill in for u	Lol it's not free breakfast oo	others
1347	Wow, its really coming down out there o A o Huzzah! Raaaaiiinnnn	Flash flood warning til 4pm	Yah, kinda crazy o.o	others
1348	i’m writing and literally i got writers block after MONTHS OF HAVING IT. i literally couldn’t write anything for my stories FOR THREE FUCKING MONTHS and now when it FINALLY goes away, it’s back  i wanna fucking die	Please don’t	don’t worry... i won’t	others
1349	imagine paying for amazon prime every month and not receiving your order the next day	Thanks for reaching out! Just to clarify, have we been missing the delivery date shown in your order confirmation e-mails? ^RB	yes..it was supposed to be delivered today then all of a sudden i get this message.	others
1350	Which one are you?	You don’t like pickles? Lol	I can’t even stand the smell!	others
1351	Thank you guys for 10k follows! <3 Celebratory Bread-chan!	Following 'cause Bread's character design is top notch	shes my child >:3	others
1352	Of course Jeff Sessions is through with politics. After Muellers' sentencing memo re Flynn on Monday, Jeff has got to figure that he's going to jail for lying to congress	i thought for SURE Flynn wd go to prison. a traitor- free as a bird.  ppl in prison for a joint, for mistakenly voting, for steal8ng a pizza...EVERYTHING IS WRONG W OUR COURT’S SENTENCINGS	Flynn..has he been sentenced yet or just amuellers memo?	others
1353	The year is ending and I still haven't watched Beautiful Boy, Mid 90s, Boy Erased or Wildlife. Does anyone have a link? I can't seem to find any and I'M LOSING MY MIND	mid90s is bad you’re not missing out on much	What? :( I saw good reviews and and well I'm a big fan of Jonah Hill so I wanna watch it jsksh	others
1354	YOOOO JUST GOT SELECTED FOR A FRIGGIN RESEARCH GRANT AM I REAL SCIENTIST NOW????	Omg!!! I knew it!!! Congratulations!!!!!	Omg I might have celebrated too soon. The project title is not our project title but our names are in the funding confirmation letter. I’m gonna pass out from stress.	others
1355	why do you hate me	who said this	i’m wondering	others
1356	ALERT!!! The completely lovely Twinkle Star Sprites has hit the	I forgot all about this! Will be purchasing in the morning.	Glad I could remind you of it, Adam! ^_^	others
1357	how long does a suspencion last?	Account disabled? If so, it's permanent for a ToS violation.	I’m looking at the email that was sent to me. It says violation warning and temporary suspension.	others
1358	I forget not everyone had a goth phase when I get handed the aux cord and put on duality by slipknot instead of ndubz. I’m not like other girls I’m a goth girl	So you’re like most girls then	I’m incredibly average and I’m at peace with that	others
1359	How far away do you live from your allotment / where you garden? I'm 8 miles and 40 mins away and wondered if there are other gardening commuters!	About 3 miles. The only site in our area. Old car doubles as a shed. Site is vulnerable to theft/vandalism!	Great to be quite close but annoying about the theft and vandalism. Great to have all the stuff with you in the car though. I end up finding I don’t really need very much.	others
1360	me vs the dust undert the screen protector i literally just got	RIP	i got it lol	others
1361	this is ridiculous and I love it.	Oooh this store is dangerous.	it's probably good I haven't figured out how to get them to deliver to me in the US lol	others
1362	Oh man, Smash Ultimate is out at midnight, so hyped!	Are you gonna stream it or make videos about it	Once Nintendo drops their partner program I will do	others
1363	BUBBLE BAFFFFSSSS	Big mouth on the brain now	Can't get enough of it	others
1364	But some of y’all wanna keep Dante next year.. why?	He hasn’t been perfect defensively, but every single player in the league should give LeBron this shot.	At Staples? No damn way lol.. I’m not saying close out on him but he was a football field away	others
1365	Have you seen our new video yet? It’s rad AF.	I have. It is. Who writes and performs the piano parts in the songs that have piano? You guys should do more. Every time I hear a part I want it to continue.	I record the piano. Sometimes I write the parts and sometimes I’ll play something that someone else in the band writes. Mark has been writing on piano a lot recently.	others
1366	School bus and car collide at Gasconade and 55. I’m told the driver of the car took after the crash. No one on the bus was injured.	Proofread	Sorry my hands were frozen, missed a word	others
1367	y’all i think i want to change my user!	Ouhhhh to what	i did not! i need ideas! help!!	others
1368	Being a woman	Confirmation	This too!	others
1369	Wind River	Yea that’s the one. Thanks man	No doubt. Hope you dig it	others
1370	What a stylish winter fair poster! Great work Ava and	Thank you Mr Sharpe! It’s a beauty! Hope you can make it along too	Would love to be there but I am cooking up a feast at my own children’s winter fair. Hope it is as fantastic as always.	others
1371	Did you meet them...?	Yes I did. Sad that they're all... u know	They're all okay!! Don't worry!!	others
1372	I got £500 for anyone who hasn’t slept with someone outside their race	Sooooo you want PayPal Orr?	I pay with proposals, if the ring fits then you can just take my whole account	others
1373	Are you being sarcastic?	Ngeke ubuze uMlapper into enjalo. Wazini uMlapper Ngabo sarcastic	nowonder he's questioning why A-Reece was supposed to be on list, he's busy lapping instead of rapping	others
1374	should Louis have rights? Be honest	Does he even have parental rights in the first place?	that all is a hoax	others
1375	mi vieja es la persona mas toxica de este planeta, no me sorprende no tenerle compasión alguna	Agradecé que la tenés.	ahre, q flasheaste?	others
1376	Dunno why you people in Canada don’t like to do shows. Reality tv show type stuff sef.	Start naw...I’ll be your #1 subscriber	Oh I’m def starting one. Just need all the possible cameras Na money oo	others
1377	THIS IS THE COUPLE THAT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR SINCE FOREVER!!! PLEASE KDRAMA GODS AFTER SOO HYUN GOT BACK FROM MILITARY PLEASE CAST THEM TOGETHER IN A MELODRAMA THRILLER!!	I am in the same boat praying that it will happen in a few years!	Hopefully on 2020? Can’t wait	others
1378	only if you not writing it	Lauren	He CANNOT.	others
1379	Walking past people’s houses this evening looking at Christmas lights, just wondered what you all liked...	Can you start this again? I pressed ‘cold white’ instead of ‘warm white’.	No! But I’ll take it into account - I like warm white too	others
1380	Strong relate	He gets to play video games ??? I get screamed at for breathing.	I’m too soft	others
1381	so who else is loggin off tomorrow	i have school tmr but kinda feel like skipping just for this	i mean chances aside,, go for it i might too	others
1382	just quit my job	why omg	omg it was just really too far away from my house so i just quit.....	others
1383	This ASSHOLE, Scott Walker, is apparently not done screwing over the good people of Wisconsin.	That shouldn't be allowed. You're right. He is an ass****. Fill in hole where * is.	I’ll say it for you cuz I’m not shy: He’s an ASSHOLE	others
1384	/me googles how to start a political party	I think you just need 500 signatures and a constitution. And to pay the registration fees, whatever they are. One thing's for sure, you couldn't do worse than the two majors at the moment.	"Step by step guide! All I need are 500 suckers, I mean, ""party members"" to back it!"	others
1385	bad service and want to know what argos will do to make it right?	Hi Jatinder, Can you Dm us with more info and we'll look into it for you	was nothing they can do. i have made 3 trips to argos to get this item and have had my receipts written on to prove i owe £4 for the item as it was a 2 for £15 and the sales assistant again today said there was nothing they could do.	others
1386	these undercover cop cars rlly out here	what they look like??	girl literally normal ass cars i’ve seen one in a jeep and like a 2006 impala and there’s some unmarked regular cop cars	others
1387	shitty day & it’s not even over yet ..	Awwwh, sending positive vibes your way! Miss you boo	thanks!! miss u too!	others
1388	The new seating chart. Thinking of calling this the “Time Out Corner.”	So he isn't resigning his Brampton East seat?	He’s taking time to think about it, and will have an answer before the House returns in January.	others
1389	My little piggies are wet and cold	shoulda double socked smh	Shoulda listened to my sis	others
1390	Yours would look twice as cute because you’re gorgeous af	I’ve never seen such a cute comment as yours	Start getting used to it ‘cause you deserve it, angel	others
1391	It’s 2018 why isn’t there complimentary phone charges in hotel rooms.	Forgot mine at home this week for my Denver trip for work the struggle has been real.	Omg it’s tragic.	others
1392	so like... 1,5 day till i meet matt, kat, isaiah, will, and jade. how is this even real??????????	Have the best time ever Marta	thank you so much	others
1393	mah 30 nex year enuh	30?? U don't look a day over 20 inno. My my.	thank u	others
1394	HELP DO YOU GUYS REMEMBER THIS VIDEO	Life was easier when they were in their camo pants stage	I AGREE SO MUCH. I want daniel to bring them back	others
1395	Tinkerbells Latina cousin	Going back to the dark hair??	Eventually	others
1396	Recreating the Dragon potion form in Roblox. Didn't go well and didn't go good.	That's really good!!	The avatar I made is really really bad	others
1397	I miss you. goodnight	ajujuju imishuuutoo♡ sorry mas ia ata ako sayo e	I understand.	others
1398	I think it's interesting how I can't seem to connect with some people eventhough I'd like to.	Sure connecting with people on the internet is easy peasy but in real life...forget about it	I struggle with both lately. But yea in person it's harder	others
1399	First world problems, but FFS, I don't need 10 pairs of underwear for $35. I need like maybe 5 pairs. I don't want to spend $50 on 5, but I don't *need* 10. Ya feel me?	I hate laundry, so I’d probably go with 10.	If I liked 10 I’d buy 10	others
1400	You ever watch a movie so good you want to erase it from your memory and watch it again? The Invisible Guest did that to me. One of the best I've ever seen..so gripping. Highly recommend!	I see you Hagi. Welcome to foreign leauge!	MJ!! I can’t lie you the OG that brought me in to this shit way before it became common	others
1401	He just shade you	LMAO ITS ACTUALLY SO GOOD i used to say ew vampire diaries?? but i'm shocked now you can't blame me	I watched all the 8 seasons it’s one of my favorite especially when the the originals come	others
1402	are ANY of my moots awake	Hay. We don’t know each other yet but I would like to be moots	sure thing love! i love talking to new people	others
1403	my parents gave me $40 dollars so im definitely about to buy some ski and x merch bet	My brother gave me 135 so I’m hoping the bad jacket is online	can your brother slide me a hundred as well	others
1404	Whoa.	God the Son Jesus Christ is moving nations to CHOOSE Him or satan; SHEEP OR GOAT NATION.  Wherever Jesus is not worshiped as Supreme, satan rules.	I agree.	others
1405	Wouldn’t mind seeing uniform next season.	having a legit lead off hitter would be too much like right	I’m saying man, he would help a lot. We haven’t had a leadoff hitter since 2016	others
1406	Nanga ba auntie aba	Attention seeking	Obviously	others
1407	Christmas presents FOR MYSELF	Jada’s taste in music...The flavor *chefs kiss*	thank u thank u I try	others
1408	I love cold water.	You don’t even like water	WELL I do today for some reason. The world must be ending	others
1409	Hes literally reading off his phone how is this a freestyle	He sais he doesnt free style cus his stlye aint free	Yea I didn’t listen to it at all I wouldn’t know lmao	others
1410	i actually had a dream where minho had red hair and mr. hyunjin was BLONDE and i can't get these images out of my head ever since	how tf ur alive	i honestly have no idea	others
1411	I love you so fucking much	I love you more	I Love you most	others
1412	What if it’s in the shape of no face?	Wydm	Google no face	others
1413	I spent 84 hours listening to this year. Wow.	You should’ve listened to them more.	Too bad you don’t use Spotify so we don’t know how many hours you listened to them	others
1414	ok	Ahhh of course badges go on sale after Christmas when I’m broke	Lmaaooo right!!!! I don't think they know what they're doing for '19. First they pick July 4th weekend and then.. Go on sale RIGHT after Christmas? Are they okay	others
1415	i’m the living proof that you don’t need a masters just to be a masterpiece	U dont even have a masters tf u talking bout	people passin faster than i’m passin weed	others
1416	So impressed by Kiran from the processed a chargeback 4me and reimbursed me within 10mins. Best bank!Been with them since I was 16!!	It's really great that Kiran was able to help & we were able to return the money to you! If there's anything else at all, please don't hesitate to get back in touch. ^AF	Thank you so much. :)	others
1417	Pitmad days are both so exciting and so stressful...as a spectator. My stupid fingers are constantly poised to like tweets that sound cool, before I realize they're for Pitmad. I don't do it, but it's such a roller coaster. Good luck to everyone!	Agreed. To the stress part! Can’t stop checking my phone :( Lol	Best of luck! I'm not participating in this one, but they're always exciting!	others
1418	I hope Junhong will like my presents :(	DON'T BE SAD! I'm sure he will like your present ^^ Please don't forget to inform us! :)	I wont be able to give it to him during the hi touch :( i have to put it into a gift box	others
1419	Absolutely delighted that my 6/7 year old self kept things like this, so much good memories Henrick Larsson, child hood hero	Yuck	Hahahaha baby’s gonna be a lil Celtic fan	others
1420	If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you too?	dumb-ass	we didn’t know we’d die from it	others
1421	Goodnight my little puddings. Enjoy the rest of your Friday eve!	Sweet dreams	Goodnight Mudsy	others
1422	placed an order about an hour ago and I havent received a confirmation email...and the support chat doesnt seem to be working. Some help please..	Oh no! Sorry to hear that you haven’t received your confirmation. I'd love to help! Please DM us your order number and email address so we can look into this for you. Hope to hear back from you soon.	Hi thanks for your response. All sorted now, I blame !!	others
1423	Is this you, .? This is a horrible look. Ralph should have let this one go but he just couldn’t help trying to put a woman, making a great point, in her place.  I hope this isn’t you.	no, that is not us! We are not the Seventh Generation institute that was mentioned.	Damn glad to hear that. Brace yourselves.  Have a good day.	others
1424	ZODIAC is one of the best boring movies ever made.	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is the undisputed king tho	Haven't seen it. But considering how bored I got just trying (and failing) to get through the summary on Wikipedia, it could be a contender.	others
1425	are servers fucking down or sum ive just been loadinf for the past 10 min	U tryna play	i can’t even connect lol	others
1426	Not surprised...	lmao I love this I spent 250 hours listening to bts	Damn I need to up my game this year.	others
1427	Shidd you be lyin to me for years like we was cool lol	wtf no. You forever my dawg	Kml I know	others
1428	I once met Pete Shelley on a bus in Manchester, it'd've been about 1979. I didn't believe it was him and he showed me a zippo lighter engraved with his name ... he was famous, what was he doing on a bus :-) . 'Life's an illusion, love is a dream' ...	That's the sweetest story. So much love for Pete.	Ditto. When Devoto goes, I'm gonna be a wreck.	others
1429	Is my ig broken? Lmao or is anyone else seeing these lines across pictures ?	I see those lines as well.	Ok I was like did my phone get messed up lol	others
1430	Happy	Lovely photo Lori, but then again aren’t they all!! Thankyou so much for posting xx	Hope you are having a lovely day Karen!	others
1431	why is always me and amber embarrassing ourselves	do you remember army amino	i haven’t deleted it yet omg	others
1432	How romantic!!	At least I’m honest	True story!	others
1433	You're right. Pointing out that we're having our emotions deliberately manipulated in the service of further war crimes is much less important than the possibility that someone might not like you.	Everyone knows it's manipulative, but you can't argue someone out of an emotion, only an idea. It's a bad fight to pick as you will be inarguably correct - but may erode your own position for zero gain. I do it all the time. I suspect it's masochism.	Above all, no, NOT everyone knows it's manipulative. Many don't. That's why it's important to point out.	others
1434	First world problems, but FFS, I don't need 10 pairs of underwear for $35. I need like maybe 5 pairs. I don't want to spend $50 on 5, but I don't *need* 10. Ya feel me?	Can you really have too many pairs of underwear?	I just only like 5 pairs. I don’t like 10	others
1435	My man	The issue is they unloaded a ton of draft capital in a short period of time for Kris Jenkins (unfortunately could never stay healthy), to move up and get Sanchez, and Braylon Edwards/Santonio Holmes. Roster was great, but didn’t have means of drafting players to turn it over.	Mangini and Mike T built that all and then it got ripped down hard	others
1436	Anybody remember the last time this nigga tweeted about Atlanta niggas?	Wha happened	He almost got his ass beat	others
1437	There's been a lot of hysterics, doom and gloom about 1/_	Unfortunately it also means, as a regular joe, you’ll start to wonder why the economy is getting worse, and why there are less jobs for your nephew Dave who just did one of those computer degrees, and now someone has hacked my internet banking app?! This is outrageous...	I'd be surprised if Internet Banking apps didn't already have ways for law enforcement to access the data needed, using TAN's. I doubt new vulnerabilities via TCN's will be required for such apps. Let alone the use of TAR's.	others
1438	My dream is to be a guest judge on UK. I think I’m their biggest model fan if I’m being honest so let’s make this dream a reality	Not if I can get there first	Sashay away!	others
1439	Day 1 of the MIE Trainer Academy at today. 에서	Will you be running anything like this in Adelaide in the near future?	Sure. Let’s plan one. I’ll need help promoting it though. Drop me an email at a-trwall@microsoft.com	others
1440	The man sat opposite me has giganormous feet	I have size 13 - where they bigger ?	Well I didn’t bloody ask did I!	others
1441	Been playing a lot of Tetris Grand Master 2 the last couple days and I can't stop making Tetris stacks in my mind	You should try TGM3 I like it so much more one of my favorite arcade games in Japan	I want to play it eventually, but was easier to find tgm2 and I read an interview with kevinddr and he suggested starting with 1 or 2 to avoid bad habits from 3.	others
1442	It's not Halloween anymore, might want to change your profile pic	Done	Welp, nicu	others
1443	On the way to Melbourne for weekend. I'm literally on holiday having a holiday and its class	Have a class time mate!	Cheers lads! Pints will be drunk. Was I dreaming you were in Australia at some point?	others
1444	Has any great man in our lifetime gone cuck in his later years harder than Arnold has?	I don’t get that reference in this context. What’s cuckish? Believing the science?	"This isn't about ""believing the science."" Arnold's reduced himself to pandering to the point of talking like an imbecile. As well say, ""I wish I could go back in time & ensure billions die or never get to live & humanity's forced to endure centuries more w/out modern technology."""	others
1445	My initial thoughts on NCC’s draft budget for the next financial year which was released earlier this week. Until the budget debate in February it is the job of myself and other councillors to...	It is in the detail: how will they recruit permanent social workers when for years they have failed, what will change? How will they keep existing long-term staff who have been leaving?	Very good questions, I am waiting to see a report that is in the process of being prepared that hopefully has those answers but I'm still waiting...	others
1446	Dash with your liver.	Lol I’d rather die	Here for a good time, not a long time	others
1447	excuse me i didn’t know spotify was in charge of my reality checks eye-	GIRL I DID LIKE 88 HOURS IN WAY UNDER 5 MONTHS SO SKSKSKSKS SUE ME	I FEEL FOR YOU	others
1448	yall smell sumn	YOU ALWAYS SERVE LOOKS BABY	THANK YOU SM	others
1449	Was involved in a very thought provoking conversation about being happy today. This is something I struggle with despite having a multitude of reasons to be happy, I find myself, more often than not, sad. What are some of the the reasons for your happiness?	First off, congrats on having a conversation of such a complicated matter. I bet it was incredibly interesting. I am unsure if I can pinpoint specifics but I am more happy than not, I think?	That’s a really good thing!	others
1450	undertones were better sorry	I don't know if it's because I heard John Peel say it but I also think Teenage Kicks is one of the best songs ever.	it's the greatest song of all time and everybody knows it	others
1451	skskksk whys decoy from people just do nothing so FIT	:(	oh so you wanna look at this one but not the MILLIONS talking about how much i am IN LOVE with you smh	others
1452	Buds, I am working on this sekrit project and I cannot wait to tell you all about it bc it is SO EXCITING.	you couldn't even tell us in the car	lol correctumundo i could not - shoulda asked it during ames game tbh	others
1453	the difference in my skin in 6 months is insane, the last 3 pics are when my skin was at it worst and the first pic is now, it’s nowhere near perfect but it’s a lot fucking better	Omg what do you use?? Skins amazinggggg	i’m on the pill but they gave me co-cyprindiol which is also helps your skin so that’s helped but i also stopped using all my acne treatments! i just wash my face twice a day with this grapefruit face wash and asda’s own light moisturer and that’s literally it!	others
1454	fortnite is always fun with my pals <3	u dont know how to act	around u? no	others
1455	If you expect something to be explained to you by others instead of using your ability to look it up yourself, you’re a thought communist.	What if pay someone to look it up?	Then you're a good guy, Carl.	others
1456	yo	Yerrr was poppin blood	finna send u an email so I can hack ya computer for all ya unreleased music	others
1457	Speaking it into existence now !!!	Got to cousin !!! Shit . I’m tired dammit . I need to relax	Yup we gonna be doin a whole lot of relaxing	others
1458	You ok want me to come and sort it all out?	sounds grand, what time can you get here?	On my way. Prepare me a desk and two pints of bin juice	others
1459	???	This big. Better get ur awper pants back on and shit on some kids	Might be time.	others
1460	i don’t think i’ll ever get over keith’s death from oth, but tvd be hittin me even HARDER with their deaths. WHY:,(((	brother just wait till the originals	omg plz tell me that’s on netflix too !!	others
1461	Now French cops have joined the protests against Red Shield globalist EU puppet Macron. What was that Nationalism stuff you were banging on about, micro twat?	Is Globalist plant Macron finished? Pity both Merkel and May hanging on despite the message to go being sent loud and clear. People seem to want their own country and people put first; not agendas and global causes that are contrary to ordinary people's interests.	The pot is about to boil over... been a long time coming.	others
1462	Good morning off to work dis double	Get it in bro	U know how I do ya dig	others
1463	I like how with tumblr you actually had to search up porn to see it but with Twitter it just fucking comes on your timeline completely unwanted and at the worst times	Plus the convenience of the tag blacklist for tumblr. Twitter just throws porn on your timeline bc someone you follow happened to like it..	THIS PLACE NEEDS A BLACK LIST	others
1464	Yo, my mom is fucking nuts. Someone save me.	Oh no, what now?	She's stalking my dad's friends who haven't responded to her in a while or ever to re inform them that my dad is in fact dead and has been for 2 years almost.	others
1465	i was going 80 in a 55 and passed not one but two cops idk how i am not pulled over rn lmfao	Okay bad bitch	lmfaooo that’s how it always is for me	others
1466	Back teaching for a bit and so far we've translated Baby Shark into French, Spanish and German	Awesome	Lol they earwormed me so I retaliated - totally professional of course	others
1467	So yeah...I've got the flu and my throat is inflamed so I guess I will be out of commission for a while. I'll try to get well as soon as I can! :) Thank you for all the well-wishes so far, I love you all!	Aw man feel better soon fluffy man!	Doing my best! I'm still up for some Red Dead though :)	others
1468	The Magicians has to be one of the most boring books I've enjoyed so much. Is this fantastic writing, or do I just relate to the asshole mc	ok im really sorry i'm a massive faggot but i couldn't resist	"All good, it's probably both! Lord knows how many times the mc wa whining and I was like ""yeah...I mean, shut up!"""	others
1469	Why Instagram lookin like an old VHS tape tho?	So glad it’s not just me!	I thought it was some type of filter or some shit haha	others
1470	bear repellent spray?  Wasp spray's bad enough - what the heck must they put in *bear* spray?!	There’s a wasp spray that wipes out nests. Spray foam at entrance, they track it in & they’re doomed. Bear version would be awesome.	"It truly would! Unfortunately, the stuff I think they're referring to is simply high concentration pepper spray:  Comes with a handy holster, apparently - but ""does not ship to UK""..."	others
1471	What dae ye thinks gon through deca head when holly turns up solid 10/10 every day ?	Right u skants doon	Get yer skants and nylons aff heres a wee sherry into the bed yabadabdoo	others
1472	The biggest shock of my life was looking at my Spotify unwrapped thing and seeing that a song that is literally just the sound of waves hitting the beach is my most played song of 2018, though I don't remember ever playing it in my life...	Fucking hippy.	Dude, I'm just confused at this point.	others
1473	I don’t know anybody that likes bananas. I’m sure all those people locked up somewhere	I love bananas lmao	I’m talking about the fruit ma’am	others
1474	Oh tinder	What % of waitresses do you swipe left on?	Similar to aces preflop- maybe 0.03% I misclick	others
1475	I wish I could say that this story about Rudy Giuliani's misunderstandings regarding Twitter and URLs and domain names was an unfair exaggeration.	It either truly profound ignorance or deliberate dishonesty with a very low esteem for the intellect of his intended audience. What a goon.	I think it has to be the first.	others
1476	what's wrong with the fake pkg forum.	which forum is that?	Ps4 fake pkg forum where I can get my fake pkg games, I can't reach it like I used to.	others
1477	Gee, thanks for delivering a pkg with half its contents missing...then putting me on hold for an hour.	Hi , we’d be happy to help. Please send us a DM with your name, phone number and order number (if you have it available) and we’d be happy to assist you.	Just spent forever on the phone with 's only to find out that no, you can't help (Won't is more like it).  Absolutely horrible	others
1478	and perhaps follow me and I will tweet once it is out.	Hey Brian, is this in addition to the regional interviews held last month?	Yes, likely to role something else out perhaps BMS band 5 posts but at this stage could not be absolutely positive	others
1479	How do I persuade my mother to let me go and see ?	idk, I'm trying so hard with my mom too but...she does not listen	I just feel so sad because it feels like everyone is going, and I’m not	others
1480	*Drops Maggie gently unto 's lap.* Hi.. Have a cat.	Oh. Hello there, Maggie. [Strokes her gently.] And hello, Wesley, my love. Come sit?	"Mm, hi. *Comes to sit next to him, close.* I told Shiloh I witnessed a wedding and, he said ""You didn't invite me?!"" He's so stupid. *Said fondly, though.*"	others
1481	Sa mga VIP right soundcheck, hello let's be friends HAHAHAHA	See youuuu	see youuu	others
1482	destiny spends too much money on art supplies part 729383. but i can do more stuff in color now!!	omg copics i wish i could afford to buy them	there are cheaper options!! i saved my money for a while to be able to get some	others
1483	actually sat in nando’s crying over how GORGEOUS is!!  like fucking hell how is she even real!!?!?!?????	what did i do to deserve you	I LOVE YOU LOADSSSSSSSS	others
1484	i listened to apple music much, much more but still fun to do these	TDE FOREVER	my dude	others
1485	My religion is Gaming	Epic gamer moment	I'm actually starting the Gaming religion tho	others
1486	You know you’re busy when you have to schedule in phone calls with your friends from different states	She sometimes does the same for dates ;-)	I mean, we really should be paying her for her time.	others
1487	Needing help with a quiz I am making, looking for retro based questions ranged from sort of easy to hard... you boys able to help me with this/get me help for this! Need them sent privately so doesn't see ;) got to make sure he can't get em'	Is this for Play Expo Manchester?	Nooo, I’m creating a quiz for our staff party and I haven’t started on the gaming bit yet! Just need to hide it from Quang as he’s taking part in it, so DM me your ideas lads!	others
1488	Yes they must be hiding a bomb inside the baby's diaper	Hagia Sophia is a museum now wtaf is this bitch angry about where do you even find these people lol	Imagine calling a family terrorists because they took a picture	others
1489	Definitely astroworld	Scorpion?	It was a double album I mainly only listened to the first half so I can’t soeak on it entirely	others
1490	Wanking on dm to this a followers mrs	Humpty dumptys had an upgrade	I’d fill any crack	others
1491	Indians carried out 'disinformation campaign' during Trudeau trip, implies Canadian intelligence and Andrew Scheer & the played along!	Cdn played along gleefully too! ONLY professionally written article from written by those caring more about getting attention 4 articles & headlines than accurate reporting or Canada.	No kidding... the acted like a bunch a buffoons!	others
1492	I’m so upset I went to forest last year but didn’t buy my ticket so I don’t get the loyalty access and have to wait until tomorrow ugh it’s fine, I’m fine.	Lol I went and I didn’t even get the code	I’d take that as a sign you shouldn’t go	others
1493	Just finished listening to this while out walking my dogs. Highly recommend.	I have to admit that I did not listen to this, but I am still having sex with my wife. Am I wrong for doing this? Good luck telling us to stop...	That’s not even close to the topic discussed. Next time listen first.	others
1494	Don't attack me but I haven't actually seen any of the Marvel TV shows (shameful I know) and I was wondering which I should watch first (idc about chronology but like what's the BEST)	Is runaways good? Like I don’t know if I should	Idk!! Some people really like it. It looks fun and a little less serious than some of the others	others
1495	Spent £3 on raffle tickets and win a £16 bottle of red!	You’re on a roll!!	Today has been a super day!	others
1496	Why you got someone else's clip as your pinned?	Na thats my xbox name its me	You sure because whoever that is. He's good and I know for a fact that ain't you by the way that man moves	others
1497	Not a fan of podcasts dropping episodes of another show in their feed.  I’m ok with suggestions, but just seems like poor form to drop in a full episode.	I strongly agree	It’s also super jarring when you’re just listening. Even tempted to unsubscribe since it’s one that I listen to randomly anyway.	others
1498	Here you go Rangers fans.  The email contact for FIFA. You’re most very welcome	Cheers for the Virus	Whit?	others
1499	Me: *Has panic attack Therapy App: “Keep faking it till you make it!”	this therapy app sounds whack	I’m switching to a in-person human next month, finally	others
1500	I’ve already decided that when I turn 18 I’m probably gonna get 2 of reda’s pieces tatted on me :oo if any artists have doodles or something that they want eternalized on my body forever I’m all ears	Get dis tatted :V	It’s cool but gradient/colorful tats aren’t my thing. I’m a b&w type gal who likes line doodles	others
1501	It's so perfect and snowy right now I wish I had a best friend that lived two doors down so we could go out and play. Everybody here is too old to play anything...and they are all at their stinking jobs. Rotten stinkin no fun adults.	I feel your frustration. My boyfriend is 5 years younger than me but he acts like he's 20 yrs more... I'm beginning to feel uneasy watching depends commercials.	oh don't get sucked into Depends...they can't help you. lol.	others
1502	Snap filters with the steady follow-up. (+thank you sis	I WASNT READY	Thanks baby	others
1503	Ok tweeps. Best places to eat in Salt lake?? Go!	Give us some parameters.	Like what is your “go to” place you have to have? I know that’s vague but if you had one choice what would it be?	others
1504	It has been half an hour bruh	That used to always happen when I picked up Naomi I’d just come late	She’s taking a quiz	others
1505	Beto is a nice guy and a great speaker. In this way - he is like Obama. But how can a true conservative overlook his policy beliefs that fall this far to the left?	Does he say any of the Fascistic shit Trump does? No - GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME. After this-I'll take 4 years of anyone.	If my choice is Trump vs someone that wants to bankrupt me with taxes - I’m not going to be super pumped about either option.	others
1506	I have a 12 y/o fan called Romanyalice who is being bullied at school. She is underage for your show but, is there any chance you could write her a message on Tuesday if I bring paper and a pen? I know it's a big ask as you will be busy but it will cheer her up xxx	Absolutely!	Thank you so much, Romanyalice will be so excited when I tell her xxx	others
1507	can choicemusicla please ship my albums	me you hating choicemusicla	PLEASEEEE..... i want my@boyz	others
1508	why are they all different sizes what the hell	the real question is why is life noggin there	yeah like wtf he doesn’t make the quirky videos of awkwardness wtf	others
1509	probably a glitch (?) but all the open Tennessean/Gannett jobs on Glassdoor just got reposted as being for NPG Companies, which is a St Joe, MO holding company.	$23K to be an investigative reporter? Where do I sign up?!	Glassdoor really bonked it. I made more than that in my first job 12 years ago. In Lebanon	others
1510	IM SO FUCKINF MAD I WAS JUST ROBBED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS WHAT FUCK	HUH???????	I POSTED THE CLIP !! IM STILL UPSET	others
1511	TOMORROW ALL HELL BREAKS IN STAN TWITTER......... ITS GONNA BE SOME OF THE WILDEST DAYS	SIS I AM SO EXCITED TO ARGUE WITH THE STANNNNSSSSSSS	I MMM SOOOOO EXITED OMGGGGGGGGGGG I CAN'T WAITTTT ALLL HAIL MAY BREAK LOOSE	others
1512	I need this.	has plenty, I hear	I meant the outfit.	others
1513	RETWEET FOR FULL VIDEO	Bro as long as your account is protected NO ONE can retweet your videos. Not even your current followers.	Thanks bro I’m learning	others
1514	So I didn't know you can't drink blood tonic while treating malaria	Didn’t know that but why	I was just told I couldn't till after the treatment	others
1515	i wanna make kandis for each beauts in dunder mifflin crackheads heheh	Imma try my best to make some for everyone hahahaha	honestly same but i really wanna make one for everyone so hopefully i’ll have the time!!! lol	others
1516	Another round of the artist promotion trend is afoot, and I thought I'd jump in this time!   RT/like & Reply with some samples of your art! All artists welcome Looking forward to seeing some cool art!	Hi!! I'm new in digital painting!! thank you for this chance!!	You're doing great! Definitely better than I was when I first started digital painting. The sky in the mountain landscape is just lovely!	others
1517	what the fuck should I eat before this d&d session?	Taco Bell	a real motherfucker speaks truth it’s time to acquire the bag	others
1518	"Trump's a pariah & should be ostracized. Let him feel the shame he's brought 2 himself & the office. The Obamas always ""do the right thing."" This is 1 time I wish they didn't. This Trump sham SHOULD be shunned, not normalized or acknowledged or given validity with a handshake."	I so wish they hadn’t shaken his hand.	I wish Obama would have knocked him the fuck out.  Jesus would definitely forgive President O.	others
1519	Oooooo I’m telling!!!	Daaaamn this what we doing?	Yup! If I gotta stay til the very end, so do you!!	others
1520	Giving doesn't have to be monetary. Your gift of time, whatever you're talented at, a prayer, a note card of encouragement, anything.  Give.  Give to others. It make a difference in someone's life.  And don't wait for the holidays either.  365 days in the year, friends.	"Even something as small as ""you adulted today with no tears! that's awesome!"" is helpful."	True story, sweet friend. I know your words have helped me on a bad day. It makes a difference.	others
1521	Making CS:GO F2P was a mistake	eh, good but bad thing	Games not stable with stopping hackers n cheaters atm, but good for future prospect within the games updates	others
1522	how do u match sens on kovaak’s aim trainer to ur fortnite?	ingame sens x 25 on quake/source	Whats ur favorite practice scenario?	others
1523	If you were ISIS and wanted to make a big splash in Europe where would you attack this weekend?	What sort of fucking question is that	It's one that is supposed to make you think. Sorry, I don't do many virtue signalling ones where you can join in group outrage.	others
1524	Aaaand one of my headlights is out. Fucking great day.	Please be careful if you still have to drive	Nah, I’m good. I’ll probably take it to the garage tomorrow .w.	others
1525	Going back to work on the 15th. And about to hit 60 hours a week	Oh hell nah	Gotta chase the bread. Ain’t a reason to be broke if the opportunity there.	others
1526	“One of the greatest casts ever assembled…”	all making big....WHAT?! I NEED TO KNOW WHAT THEYRE MAKING BIG	They’re trying to get you to watch. They left it hanging there in case you weren’t sold on the greatest cast ever assembled.	others
1527	Shoutout to	is this a grace appreciation post?	Yeah since u made sure i didn’t get lost	others
1528	....damnit me too... Frybread and deer stew, specifically..	frybread and corn soup	That was my first thought too but I haven't had enough protein lately, so of course my brain/stomach betrayed me by jumping straight to the one thing I have 0 access to.. But also.. banaha and pashofa...or frybread n pashofa..	others
1529	Due to expected winter weather, the NCHSAA football state championship press conference has been moved to Wednesday, Dec. 12 at 9:30 AM at Carter-Finley Stadium. It was originally scheduled for Monday morning.	You guys could still get there. is just worried about the giant snowball fight that would break out below the pressbox.	I’ve got a Jeep. I can go anywhere.	others
1530	Wowwwww	nahhh they got married in atlanta	They did? Hmm. So this fake then	others
1531	burna boy has a wierd way of reminding me of baba T	Hmm.....this your thought Sha	they definitely share something in common..if u know u know	others
1532	i cant fucking stand this image	This image is white gay twitter	am i the exception to this	others
1533	I know they’re serious about this but I can’t not laugh rotflolol	Lmfaooo “bring home the bagels” is the new “let’s get this bread”	Lmaoooo that’s my favorite one I’m crying	others
1534	Placement has been a roller coaster and I am dreading my crit tomorrow. I packing my bag and I pulled out this drawing of me by a pupil..back in feb at interview I presented on “little things make a big difference” and they certainly do..	I have mine tomorrow too! Good luck xx	Thank you...good luck! Fingers crossed the weather allows outdoor play x	others
1535	Gold, Frankenstein and Grrr	THAT'S WHY I NEVER GOT A SHAG!!!	I was being kept pure	others
1536	I had to play ‘Trouble’ at school for 3hrs straight today and I just don’t want anyone to mention that word to me for a very long time	like the Bei Maejor, J. Cole song Trouble?? or is another kids thing	The game trouble haha	others
1537	In a crowded hospital parking lot waitn on a spot from an older lady walking on crutches-obvi ‘s r piling up & some1 is honking.Then a white lady walks 2 my window 2 tell me u need 2 pull over so others can go around. No mind ur fuckn business & wait just as I would for u	Had it been the other way though she would’ve been like the audacity of you, I’ve never lol.	Mmmm hmmmm absa-fuckn-lutely	others
1538	is this even a lot	I got 73,000	omg! i guess i really do need airpods after all	others
1539	who tryna hop on fun run?	let’s go	what’s y’all name	others
1540	excuse me did you forget that the Coen Brothers even exist	They forgot that movies exist	there should just be film twitter awards cause it’s the only one that matters in my opinion	others
1541	May God be with the yellow jackets as they fight globalism	We're next.	Notice who isn't having riots or protests!?! Russia!	others
1542	"Telling the truth. I was asked if I found a particular situation funny and said ""yes"" The laugh was so sweet meen feel that lix"	Its a kixx scene with you	From long time	others
1543	Not trying to make this moment political at all. All respect to 41 but look at the posture of all the former POTUS compared to the current. Even Jimmy Carter has better posture.	Yes, you are. And, yes - you did.	Ok and what you gonna do about it besides replying to me.	others
1544	It legit has never occurred to me that Nnnenna and Ama's names legit start with the same letter lol...	Hmmm..	lmao full name is Nwamaka. Only my parents call her that	others
1545	My music was streamed for 1.7 million minutes in 2018 on Spotify alone, yet I'm still broke and no one comes to my live shows.	You have any plans for the UK?	(The longer answer is, I did a tour of England in 2011 and it was particularly rough. Would go back for a major festival if the bookers dealt with visa etc. issues, but wouldn't arrange my own tour there again)	others
1546	i’m laughing SO FUCKING HARD OVER THIS OH MY GOD	i would kill for this SSR	if i could i would give her to you	others
1547	damn what i added hit the angst level up even more	miss claudi	yes miss mint	others
1548	okay it’s now illegal for any teacher to give me any work today, it’s my birthday, so no stressed ALLOWED	happy birthday!!!! i wish you the best day ever and absolutely no homework and no stress!!	thank you!!! sadly school doesn’t care that its my birthday, still very stressed :)	others
1549	Good to see dani and jack waited for a tv deal and the reunion before conveniently breaking up	Like them both but their relationship was so set up, they knew of each other before they went in 100%	They had the same agent and he'd liked all her insta posts! Nothing gets past us	others
1550	I have recently discovered that I really like gin and tonic. Any tips for how to make a really good one?	Good gin, good tonic cold, citrus twist. Ice optional (heresy I know). eg Adnams Copper House and Fevertree.	How does one construct a citrus twist?	others
1551	On a somewhat serious note, at least the Bruins brass has learned some lessons from previous depth moves. The didn’t give up a 3rd (Rinaldo), or a 4th (Wingels), or a 2nd year/high AAV (Wagner) for this particular iteration of a 4th line forward. Free is okay, so there’s that.	When the bar you have to clear is the literal floor, nowhere to go but up.	My feelings on their depth roster management aren’t really a secret at this point haha.	others
1552	GOOD MORNING	It’s evening for me, but good morning How did you sleep?	I SLEPT GOOD IG	others
1553	Those people that love to go around in their NYSC uniform, what exactly is your problem??. It felt like I was burning whenever I wore mine when I was a corper. I couldn’t bear it for even 5 mins.	Today i saw a very young boy in those outfits, since den i no longer feel the pride of being a Final year student	Lmao!!. You’ll hate yourself with that nysc. I’d rather go back to spend another 4 years in uni. What’s the pride in being in the finals thou’? I mean you’re still in school so	others
1554	Btw, far cry series is dead It was all down hill since far cry 3	Far cry 5 was great nigga	Yeah actually you’re right, but Not as good as 3 sadly	others
1555	Circle to Spintex  Uber or Taxify????	Trotro	Lol. Trotro won’t be available by the time I get to circle	others
1556	When did this Elf-on-a-Shelf thing start? And more importantly, why?	Also, exactly what is it? I feel d and confused	Even older & confuseder here! Isthe idea to create magic & mystery for children by moving the elf around? I’d genuinely like to know	others
1557	F**KING CALF INJURY ....4 weeks on and still no f**king change!!!!!!!	4 weeks, holy shit. Hopefully you will make a full recovery soon mate, I nearly cracked up this time last year, every time I went out my shin splints flared up	I'm at my wits end mate , never felt so down , back to square 1 no help from my doctors and now I'm back to not walking	others
1558	Quix, Chris Lake, & Floss	But you wouldn’t even come so	If I win the tickets I'm going with big head	others
1559	I liked today’s chapter a lot but the bar scene left me with an uneasy sensation on my heart. I wonder if Hyungwon feels the same even if he half-pretended not to care...	Mhm	Mhmhm... Don’t play with my heart Maria!	others
1560	the internet is so depressing	So true .. thats why i think i should deactivate my social media accounts	Yeah it's not like I am adding anything positive myself so I probably should too at some point	others
1561	Who thinks Peyton could still beat the Dolphins Bills and jets to make the playoffs at age 42?	Not me I loved Peyton but he had a noodle arm that year before he retired.	I would take that noodle over those bums I'm pretty certain.	others
1562	just trying to secure a sugar daddy	LOOOOOOOOOOOL these replies	hahahhahaha i know i’m dead	others
1563	unpopular opinion but james 1000% deserves to win this year, he literally has the biggest heart and always puts himself forward for trials his camp mates have all said how kind he is towards harry and the other celebs and we really don't get to see enough of him	I love James but Harryyyyyy	i love harry i know he's going to win but i'd love to see james win too	others
1564	this is one of the reasons I’m not looking forward to being back in the states...nothing is truly natural	Not even in Whole Foods lol	Lawddd don’t tell me that. If u can’t go to Whole Foods where the hell can u go?!	others
1565	So will CSGO be rivived with this update?	*revived	I know	others
1566	@ new mutuals b my friend I’ll love u forever plz and thanks	I love you too	ur not new bye (i love u too tho)	others
1567	I need one elective course for next semester...Just can't decide.  What should I take!?	My daughter has found that the ones she thought would be easy like art or music were hard, but she LOVES her Sociology classes! Good luck choosing & still for you and your precious little one!	Heya Stranger!  I'm taking Art Appreciation, Astronomy (online), Biology of Human Sexuality (online), and Modern Western Civ. I'm pretty excited about the art course but not the science. Dont really have a choice :( they are the last courses before they're major specific.	others
1568	Had to go download Boomplay for this EP	Huh? It hasn't even dropped bruh	I'm talking about the Boomplay app.	others
1569	『 You stood in front of me It was like a light to me Nobody came to see you In my dark sky Become a small star You shine brightly I am at the end of winter I met you in the spring  Oh miracle To me too It’s a miracle 』	I LOVE THIS!!! It’s such a cool concept omg!	I’m glad you like it! I spent a whole afternoon just to take that pic... it was so hard to get the perfect photo that matched the concept	others
1570	why are white people so bothered about Cardi B’s daughter having pieced ears como chingan deveras	I seen that and your comment lol	cry babies I SWEAR	others
1571	Pensando seriamente em pedir uma pizza do edil hoje	melhor pizza q existe	Realll	others
1572	How much fun is this?  You dunno.	Ooh! I wonder if one might fall into my package by accident...?	I so would have done that!!!! I just mailed yours! Plus by the time it got to you it would have been all fuzzy and sciency.	others
1573	Any sugar daddies out there wanna drop a sweet 1.5k in my bank account? Please?	WHAT THE FUCK	OKAY BUT LISTEN.... YOU GET TO HAVE A 4th OF JULY BBQ WITH GEOFF	others
1574	Wtf was that	What was it	Some loud as thunder and my house shook	others
1575	My top song of 2018 on Spotify is 'Cruel' by Kelly Clarkson! I love this song!	OMG album. LOVE, LOVE it!!!	Me too! What else is your favourite? Mine is Would You Call that Love, Slow Dance, Meaning of Life, Whole Lotta Woman, Move You & Go High. The whole album is great and I want the full version of A Minute. It was too good to just be an intro!	others
1576	SOMEBODY please get me some chinese food	Babe I am feeling this	do u wan get Chinese food	others
1577	Fun stream today, thanks guys for hanging! We are going to have some wine and co-stream the in about 4 hours so I will see you tonight for bonus strim. Should be fun.	This is a quality head shot.	Should I replace my profile pic?	others
1578	Anyone besides me think this is NOT Hillary Clinton? There is no way in hell she went back 20 years in time. I didn't fall off the turnip truck yesterday	Before and after collapsing. Say what you want but look how low the earring is on right side H vs left side H.	Purse worn on opposite side too.	others
1579	The beautiful	Wow that must have been breathtaking xxx	Yeah it was. She’s got such a lovely voicexxx	others
1580	Throwing out my usual tip--comp titles are your friend! I always notice that the tweets with great comp titles get the most requests.	This is good to know. I've always felt a little self-conscious about comparing my MS with published books, particularly popular ones. It feels a bit like riding on the tails of their success. But, if that's where the MS fits, then wear it!	The article I posted has some good tips on how popular is TOO popular	others
1581	My website is now live! Check out	Beautiful cover	This is the first ever compliment I got from someone who's not a family member immensely grateful! Thank you!	others
1582	Oh God	Omg I literally laughed so hard, that's the best thing I've seen today	I literally just saw it I was like omg no.	others
1583	"my friend from uni texted me a ""girl we gotta make another trip for harry's next tour"" no jokes I luv her"	Sign me in with u girls hs2 we're cominggg	gladly aksjshsj we have to see our beautiful man on stage ajshsgsjsj	others
1584	Wearing lots of pink, and thinking it’s gonna be time to try my homework again, and after a couple nights off maybe I can set my record	What’s your homework? X	It involves a lot of this *blushes*	others
1585	"As the ""old guard"" loose their balls and cut back on sexual content, it will just open the door for newcomers to achieve success (especially those who understand how to sell on PC...). I'm not worried TBH, just the usual industry churn."	So how does he explain peach ball? Maybe he doesn't want to blame Sony cuz of some bs	Probably a lot of politics involved.	others
1586	I hate being forced to do something I’m not ready/wanting to do. Let me fucking be.	I’ll trade jobs	Lol I wasn’t a dummy and joined the navy	others
1587	Fundraiser for Indian 9 year olds - CRY I Have just Donated £200	Here is Nityanutan	Thanks for the follow buddy	others
1588	Quote of the day: “It’s like the sisterhood of the traveling pants except I’m the pants.”	Was this Jane? This sounds like a Jane thing	No. You think I’d post a quote from someone else without crediting it????? Who do you think I am????	others
1589	OMFG. Another colossal self-own	own this asshat. Truth hurts, suck it up.	Lynn. You literally tweeted me having lunch. What is your point in that? That’s me in the article.	others
1590	Hey so. I guess I kinda want some new people to discuss ocs and stories with since I don’t really have anyone so, reply I guess if it’s ok to dm you and discuss stories together?	ME IHYMGOD I LOVE HEARING ABT OTHER PEOPLES STORIES AND OCSSS	AAAA ALRIGHTY :D you can dm me any time!!	others
1591	much love,	I'm crYiNg???	i was in tears when it popped up, i honestly wasn’t surprised in the least by it, they’ve been with me through this year for so much	others
1592	Man units are small you need to get your measuring tape out if you want the correct measurements. I don't have my old book with me but I had the Scania measuments written down. The Renault are quite big but not as tall as Merc and these dafs	Yeah not much in it just feels big been in man to long being spoilt	I had a 65 plate Renault range t. Was nice. Comfortable and nice to live with. But it had many electronic problems. Shame. Looked good too. Plenty of pictures on here of it cn65ajx	others
1593	Super disappointed that The Ballad of Buster Scrugg was not nominated for any	U liked it that much? So-so, other than the beginning, I thought.	Loved it. Especially the Zoe Kazan and Tom Waits “chapters”. Philosophically I found the film with tons to muse on	others
1594	Story of my life by one direction plays	if someone takes that seriously i will cry	I’ll personally burn my own house down if they do	others
1595	So I'm trying so hard to enjoy December my so called birthday month, there's heatwave, load shedding and as a kid I used to love this month, now my joy is evaporating	Here's a solution, friend!	I won't fit friend I'm too fat	others
1596	I just played a round of golf where every pin was in the center of the green and the green is wide enough to handle my dispersion with no hazards. Where should I be aiming?	You play golf?	There's always one in the crowd. =) actually 2 =)	others
1597	Really craving a bowl of ramen	Said no one ever pal. Go play your naruto video games and eat a steak	You gotta get out of philly bud there’s other foods in the world besides cheesesteaks and meatballs	others
1598	PRIZE GIVEAWAY THE NEW 3RD SHIRT! Plus, name and number of your choice! Winner picked at random and announced Mon 17th Dec & will have in time for XMAS. TO ENTER: SIMPLY FOLLOW OUR PAGE AND RETWEET THIS POST!	Let's face it, under kappa we've been lucky,majority of kits have been great,	Not a bad one to be fair!	others
1599	I finally got my lazy self to work out on my own... That's probably my biggest achievement this year because it was virtually IMPOSSIBLE!!!	Aaah live!!?	Yuup... It was hard but I'm starting to like it slowly	others
1600	Rocky could stay home	Imagine billing TORO y Moi under “Griz”	I’m going ask Doja Cat why she ain’t DM me back	others
1601	what do you do when you get a stye in your eye?	A-Am I supposed to answer this?	bitch you always get them! i’m hurting	others
1602	⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀	Same	I'm glad we both think the same thing, Clark.	others
1603	I’ve gone back for seconds on India at $3.00 On this drop in pitch 250+ 1st innings will make this Test very competitive, and Australia have to now bat last..	My only problem is the lack of cut through the Indian attack has against the CAXI last week ... a good batting surface where playing shots with lack of footwork away from the body was the order of the day	Quite possibly. Let’s see. Think India’s spin bowlers will have a significant day on the final result.	others
1604	Cant wait for blue dragon to drop..	its 98% done	SLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT **++	others
1605	nothing can go wrong today... not after watching	Wow I didn’t realize how small my phone screen is compared to yours HA	i love it hehe	others
1606	When I told people I was quitting uni everyone including teachers thought I’d do nothing with my life, a month later I was on a billboard outside Everton football ground and had 2 company’s. Not everything in life needs a certificate/qualification to be counted as ‘success’	A successful scam artist	You literally don’t know me, or anything I’ve done in my life or career. Nice beg for likes though. Negativity gets blocked	others
1607	I HATE wrapping presents ):	SAME! That's why im putting everything in bags this year	Fuck why didn’t I think about about that ima go buy some rn !	others
1608	not really	That’s the first	as long as he's about my height I'm good, I'd prefer someone taller tho	others
1609	Turns out I’m stuck at work tonight. Will be released as a full video on YouTube after so I can still watch the whole show?	You should be able to watch it afterwards.	Cool. Will have to stay off Twitter and all games media sites til I get home lol	others
1610	Five things I love that aren’t people or books:  dogs   winter  music   cookies   the sea I tag	i onkelly love books ugh why can’t i mention books	Idk I don’t make the rules	others
1611	bro	weren’t you at like almost 3k? You really fried yourself	Lmao close to 4, oh well, we move	others
1612	Here to save lives x	So peng m’A	Love u	others
1613	Bmt, I’ve been on one date my entire life and it was fun, who want to go on my second one	So you just wet then	From? How’d you get that	others
1614	don’t go to ulta high	bitch. it's OVERWHELMING.	yes! and everyone asking if u need help every 15 seconds	others
1615	Being over-qualified but [apparently] under-skilled is an endlessly frustrating and mentally exhausting position to be in.	Honestly I wouldn’t be too shocked if they just said that because they just liked someone better	Oh yeah. Like, I admit, I don’t have a lot of admin experience, but I have had some with my internship and current work, (plus I’m perfectly capable of learning more) and this was a fairly low level job so	others
1616	Do you think Tottenham got a chance to win the league this year	Two words...No chance...another two words Man City.Kro Kath	Are you a blues nose lol villa till I die	others
1617	It’s not funny anymore	Hello Sam.	It’s working now. Thanks	others
1618	Hershey's kisses +coffee= makeshift meeting mocha	I have totally done that! So good!	It's not a Starbucks caramel creme brulee but it'll work	others
1619	No, but you folks will be happy with my electric bill this month!	LEDs, sir, buy LEDs. Use way less energy, and last forever.	Liked at them. Pricey $$$$	others
1620	Just incase anyone was wondering how solo que tends to go in ranked matches sometimes. Here is this little piece of awesome so you can laugh at my pain along with me.	This hurt my soul a little	It hurt my elo a lot lol	others
1621	My body’s “check engine” light is on.	the semester is almost over girlie you got this	I love you! Yes, you’re right, I got this! Shit WE got this!! I am with you too, love	others
1622	west coast to the east coast	THIS IS SO SOFT VAL	ALONDRA PLEASE I LOVE YOU	others
1623	Just a really cool guy with a slight Mitski fascination.	Always ascending is a great tune	love it	others
1624	i’m poppin up whenever however i please	well see	better hope the door unlocked. i’d hate to have to break in yo shit	others
1625	Can’t believe it’s the second birthday you’ve not been here. Miss you always daz. Hope your partying up there	always here & i love u my fave xx	Thank you lays, I love you	others
1626	Do you believe in soulmates ?	No .	Sometimes I feel the same	others
1627	That new smash bros game makes me want a Switch	Canny wait for it	I played one on the Wii a few years ago and it was cracking but this looks immense	others
1628	No Surprise that I spent 73 hours listening to	I've not explored them that much, but all indications are they are a band that should feature more predominately on my radar. What is the best album to start with?	I started listening more when Cloud Connected kept appearing in my discovery playlists - the melodic riffs they mix with their heavy stuff is top-notch. I kinda kick myself for not getting them sooner.	others
1629	I’m not retweeting as I find it kind of mean. But oh my gosh you guys. This is the worst of “SAH is the best and working is the worst” propaganda. Also... has she been a SAHM? The last time I “rested” was in 2014 when I didn’t have any children!	Ah yes, bc being a stay at home mom is a bucket full of rainbows. What a list.	I don’t know about you but it’s basically The Sound of Music here all the time. Singing children and all!	others
1630	I'm a little disappointed that I don't have a nemesis yet. I feel it's only a matter of time though.	Don't you have a boss...?	Haha my boss is amazing. I'm lucky	others
1631	Funniest game of football I’ve had in a while! Safe to say victory was sweet for me and and Scott need to take a leaf out of our book after tonight	Mate you got ran off the park and I buried one bottom bins past you. Not my fault Scott can’t play a 5 yard pass	Behave me and James destroyed you and I slotted one straight through your legs	others
1632	WHY IS THIS SO FUCKIN FUNNY	LMFAOOOO! Shiiieeettt that was me today	If that ain’t me everyday	others
1633	And now it's time for my favorite game: how long can I spend on the pre-show before I write the actual sex part of the sex scene	I've been writing this sex scene for so long, its about 7k including pre show and not finished yet.	Well now I feel like an underachiever XD	others
1634	What are the 3 ps of public health ?	Google it	Fucking hate you cuz i did Lmaoo is it promote protect and some shit	others
1635	Starving and stressing is an awful mix	Damn , you eat?	I haven’t eaten all day	others
1636	Chay lahsvo 0 likes eat a dick	Leave him alone I just liked it for him	Alright he’s cool now sorry	others
1637	What do kids getting D1 offers look like?	Lmao forreal	Bro that kid is no older than 18 and he's 6'3'' 220.	others
1638	Happy Thursday To You! Start each day with a grateful heart ...Happiness happens when we never lose count of all our blessings..	Good afternoon Des love and smiles	Happy Thursday my friend! Hope your day is a great one!	others
1639	Happy	OMG ScoutYou are our international supermodel!G-O-R-G-E-O-U-S!	Thank you so much! Scout is blushingSending hugs and kisses to your gang	others
1640	It’s my birthday. I think the present I most want is tylerbate_97 ! Cheers! Lol. X	Happy Birthday Matt!!	Thanks! X	others
1641	I literally only liked gabs part of youtube rewind 2018. The rest was- super cringey. The fortnite and in my feelings and dancing- idk what they thought.	*coughs*	i- HRJDHSHS AND LIZA IN THE GROCERY CART SHDGSHGSH	others
1642	I love when someone just expects me to give them the answers to a quiz that they're super late taking. I didn't have help, and you won't be getting help from me. Sorry, not sorry	geez what!? do you have time to DM tonight? think some counsel & venting needs going on for both of us!!	Yes, I most definitely have time!	others
1643	Not sure why I'm surprised that fandom twitter is 9 million times more fun than Constantly Mad at Politics twitter	What do you mean it’s so fun when my blood pressure is about to burst bc of the news!!!	but???? Don't you want to shine bad takes directly into your eyeballs 24/7??	others
1644	it definitely fucking is	Debateable	if you smoked weed (a mood altering drug) every day for a year and suddenly stopped, u can’t tell me it wouldn’t negatively effect your mood.. bc it does	others
1645	Lmao Brook needs to let it go	Yes, he does. Lol if Bud-Khan is a done deal and Kell ends up looking like the groom at the altar ditched with an ogre this Saturday...	It’s funny. Khan may have avoided Brook for a while, but he took big fights. Can’t consider fighting Crawford that he’s ducking Brook.	others
1646	Sat Navs should have a function where you can type in specific roads you definitely don’t want to use. Castle Hill, Grange Lane, Major Road and Nurstead Lane in Hartley, can all fuck right off for a start.	Scratchy bottom	I’ll give that a miss too!	others
1647	Sooo buzzing to get all glam on Thursday for our works night out legit make zero effort with my appearance these days	Still sexy but	Coming from u beaut!!	others
1648	I’ve peaked.	Congrats	When my tweets (rarely) blow up, it’s because someone was trending and I thought they were dead or accused of sexual assault. I’ll take it.	others
1649	How is everyone doing tonight then? Friday tommorow	Will be on the fumes tomorrow evening or a decent single malt- whipper snapper??	I’m just having a wee whisky as we speak you old bastard	others
1650	Ok how do u pronounce ASOS? I always thought it was AY SAUCE but I just heard a young couple on the bus say AH ZOUZ?????	AY SAUCE hahahaha	Thank god i thought i had been pronouncing it wrong this whole time hahaha	others
1651	Me &	This is so cute!	:))) mystie and I are trying to get everything accomplished before the middle of the month so we can enjoy the holiday and not run around cray cray.	others
1652	I hate begging guys but seriously I’m short on rent and need just $60 bucks by tomorrow... I’ve never been late or short on my rent if y’all can send at least $1 each or $5 or whatever y’all can donate please	What’s your cash app?	I’m about to cry and even tried selling my xbox but no one wants a used one cuz of holiday specials	others
1653	Saying it like it is....something needs to change....not the coaches again.....	Agree surely enough is enough	You’d think....	others
1654	They just made a post explaining that they are going f2p for the full game, not just botmatches like atm	yeah they just hadn't changed the page and posted the FAQ	I thought the same thing you did at first, just happened to catch the updated page right then :P	others
1655	Just saw my first reference to a 2018 year-in-review. There is NOTHING about the hellscape that was 2018 that I want to be reminded about.	Think of all the puppies born this year!	Will puppies be included in media's year-in-review montages? I think not. If you would like to create a 2018 year-in-puppies, I'm here for it.	others
1656	Yo lesbians are wild y’all	You gay?	Not at all just have a lot of gay friends	others
1657	Sorry but that's red everyday of the week, treetrunk probably got jealous that a kid has a better hair than he ever will.	Red all day but for reasons I cannot fathom he gets away with this kinda shithousery week in week out. He literally must have dirt on absolutely everyone	It's like he holds sex tapes of every ref in the league, no other explanations	others
1658	에서	No invite? Wowww	Lol I thought you were playing. It’s bomb tho!	others
1659	Do you know how long we are going to be sitting on the Chessington south train on platform 4. What do you mean you haven’t booked a guard for this service	Hello Dharmesh, I am sorry for the delay. Have you just left Waterloo?	Yes we have now	others
1660	Our best ever 4G network will help you bag the baubles, despite the traffic.	Yes and it works unlike 02. My daughter broke down on a sliproad today and was unable to call anyone. 02 announce at 6pm voice may be affected , totally rubbish !!!	It's great to have you on board with us Joanne Have you checked out the in the My Vodafone app? They'll be some lovely treats for you to enjoy Loz	others
1661	There's a tradition in Greystones to go for an early Christmas day swim in the sea and our friends are all telling us to join them. . . . . help me	You're Scottish, you're supposed to be a manly shade of blue. Now get in the sea and stop whining	BECAUSE I'm Scottish, I know bloody better.	others
1662	When my time comes, these will be my last words.	Let's hope you see it coming then and don't die unexpectedly.	Well even if it's a train coming at me at 80 mph I'm gonna try to get it in, just really fast.	others
1663	i have very specific tastes in music	Dont be noob check mine oyt	i listened to more music then you	others
1664	everyone is losing their minds over fan fic gerard	he's legit my boyfriend i'm so,,, i'm fuckign soft	can’t relate	others
1665	Lol I spent 46,000 minutes on Spotify this year	Try 53,000 you loser hahahahah	Wow get a life... Sad!	others
1666	Hello, I've been inactive due to work and my appointments but I start testosterone on the 11th, and I pick up my shots tomorrow!!! And on Sunday I meet my cinnamon apple jensen ackles.	Woah lots of exciting things going on! And CONGRATS IM SO HAPPY FOR U!!! Take lots of fun pics! And it’s okay lmao live ur life have a grand ol time!	I plan on taking more pics of jensen djnjdn	others
1667	Pokemon Let's Go Pikachu & Eevee Gameplay Walkthrough - Episode 15 - Lavender Town Tower Ghost!:	Any chance we will see these on Prime?	Yup! Just about all my content gets to Prime, it just takes a few more weeks because of how Amazon works. First few episodes should be available soon!	others
1668	Anakin!	Are there three?	There are two at the moment x	others
1669	...is there a way to hide what games are SENT to me? I do not buy these things.	I actually thought you got banned for this last night when the stream went down	There aint no tiddie showing. Shes got a bra on :)	others
1670	my coworker knows im goin thru a break-up so for the past 3 weeks shes been bringing me cakes, cookies, biscottis, and treats that she’s baked today she said: food is all you need and some laughter, you will get through this and she’s tooooo right!	Wow amazing coworker	i know right?!	others
1671	u deserve all my luv	I miss you so much bro. I need for life to quit taking my money so I can come meet my nephew.	yoooo im telling u let’s go on a roadtrip!!!!	others
1672	Given I’m a proper liberal snowflake idealist, it’s a surprise even to me that I’m currently making my way through the West Wing for the first time ever. About 19 years late to the party	Have you watched Two Cathedrals (season 2 finale) yet? Best episode of any tv show ever IMHO.	I’ve just finished season 1 tonight. I’m only getting through an episode a night so will take me a while. That’s high praise mind. Better than the Wire? I’ll take some convincing of that	others
1673	I need someone to show me around	From the look of things...your DM is filled up already	loool not really o!	others
1674	What is up with all the toxic and ungrateful streamers lately? This is like the 5th disgusting behavior I’ve seen in the last few days. This entitled mindset has GOT TO GO!	Wow, just ducking wow. I got nothing nice to say about that so I’ll say nothing at all.	Same! You know I had something to say to myself in the silence though!!	others
1675	Silverstone  P7 It was an eventful race. I bottled the start and needed to stop. Who knows what could have been. In the end I am very happy with P7. The last laps on soft were so fun.  great fight! I really had my problems with you. It was tough.	Nah, that wasn't tough mate. You had better tyres, just compromised your exit in luffield, but that was it. Thanks for the fair racing though, I did enjoyed that!	I mean that move after my first try. Never expected you to come back. Because I was on softs.	others
1676	Very important	I cannot believe that some people are being reluctant to support the show, again. It really doesn't have to be a contest between people's favorite characters. But, I guess this explain why we're so behind as well. Other fandoms don't seem to be as divided as ours.	What's up now? What's being said? I could actually think of why people would be. It could be argued that the POTB with the show have not been doing as good a job as they should be.	others
1677	I hope Google Fiber is more reliable than Spectrum cuz this shit is getting annoying.	Might need to look into it, never had an issue with spectrum but they getting expensive	They've been very inconsistent as far as connection goes. It doesn't help with the price too.	others
1678	no tea no shade no pink lemonade BUT my two favourite content creators have produced some incredible videos this year, where millions of people have watched AND YET, they were not in youtube rewind? o k.	A lot of the good ones get asked but they decline, apparently it’s a horrible experience and not that fun... :/	ah, that makes sense tbh!	others
1679	I FUCKING WANT THIS	u busy next week? cause that when starts	I'm very busy next wek	others
1680	hehe i just applied for leveling up on fancafe !! i hope i’m accepted i think i did everything right :)	good luck!!	thank you bub !! i’m gonna need it haha	others
1681	Avengers: Ei oo sun oma vika että oot niin vitun tyhmä	Avengers Seven That would be... confusing.	Just end it whit somebody's head in a box and call it a day.	others
1682	a burrito sounds amazing rn	Go get one	don’t tell me what to do	others
1683	Spotify put ‘Overwhelming’ in my top songs of 2018	Matt ox?	I DONT THINK YOU FEEL AM I TOO OVERWHEMLIN	others
1684	to when the worship prefect in school was the rakpo king... If u know u know	take your sub	Ayeee ....then I nor call names oh ... But be like somebody take am personal	others
1685	Bison football playoff attendance drop 'disappointing'	Competition on the field, & off it for time & $. Christmas season, tickets are $164 for 4 seats, at $492 for playoffs.Little Jimmy & Susie Shimtree NEED new iPhones!!! Love Bison FB, but I see where the disconnect is. Also, hi-def on a 70”, or nose-bleeds in the corner?	Leave the Shimtrees out of this. Good people. Don't deserve the blame.	others
1686	I'm very happy	Flexes	Very good	others
1687	I swear Americans know nothing about Canada. An American friend of mine whom I met in Toronto and knows I live in Toronto texted me telling me he was “going to be in canada” for the next two days asking to catch up and I check his story to see he’s in Vancouver.... LMAO	Why is this the truest thing....  “Hey I’m going to me coming to Canada! Right near you!!!!” *flies to PEI*	RIGHT it’s like they think we all live on one tiny island and all know eachother	others
1688	This book is about democracy? I might have to cancel my order because I figured Moscrop would write a book about scotch.	Who says it’s not both?	Good marketing strategy. I have to buy it, and read it to find out. Sold.	others
1689	anyways last night i dropped one of my majors so now i’m just majoring in chinese	i thought u didnt like chinese	what no i love chinese	others
1690	Is this what my child with Yoongi would look like SPICY GINGE	where are these from?!?	Oof I wish I knew but it’s 2014 sometime	others
1691	Give the people what they really want.	How does it looks? Screen capture?	If I understand your question correctly, yes it is a screen capture. Is that what you meant?	others
1692	Scorpion for sure	That or nas	Nobody really was saying nas album was good though I think it is what it is I wouldn’t say overrated scorpion however overrated!!!	others
1693	“I’m sure you have heard of AI by now”	I would have said no, can you explain? And see if he have a clue?	HAHAHA! I should have	others
1694	Get you gal like she’s literally saved me from months of heartbreak	girlies	Can I fall in love with you again Lewis	others
1695	hi. What’s the update on Service Request 1-1UBMV5PU created on Wednesday at 9:30pm?	We are following up the issue and we will advise once resolved. ^ED	Kindly accelerate as the old man I sent it to a week ago is very inconvenienced as he is unable to access the funds in Tanzania	others
1696	Seeing the New Era hat partnership with EA just made me realize something..did EA sign some huge deal with ESPN and disney? Where is our exposure from them this year? They gunna throw one game on ESPN 2 later in the year and thats it or what?	Not going to give ya'll anything but table scraps though	This refers to Madden 18. I thought after clubs and stuff last year something else came out about another deal? Idk	others
1697	I think I’m really about to download Snapchat again after not having it for a year. Someone convince me not to	it’s a waste of time, hella FOMO, more reason to be on yo phone. Happy i got rid of it	Oh my gosh the fomo... that always hit me when I still had the app. Okay you’re making some valid points here thanks Tara	others
1698	“Uncle Buck,” was filmed 3 blocks from my house; “Home Alone” next to the house of one of my best friends.	I'm from a few train stops down!	K or W?	others
1699	my nanna (bottom left) has started her modelling career at just 86 years young for south tyneside homes, geeedup muriel	She don't have time for those other ladies omg we stan	she honestly hates everyone, we have a lot in common x	others
1700	Go join them o tlogele go baiza	Where have you been?	I took a break from twitter to focus on my financial situation.................	others
1701	The problem with playing multiplayer PSVR games is that everyone is guaranteed to have a mic, since PSVR's got one built in. So if, like me, you don't like talking to randos, they all know you're ignoring them deliberately.	There's an easy way around this. Enter a party, that way you don't hear them and they don't hear you. So it's like they're not even there.	I don't mind LISTENING to other people, though. It's joining in and feeling forced to be part of it that I don't like.	others
1702	I’d encourage anyone working in & out of Older Persons services to attend!	- for us?	We’ve got the fab running a session, you’ll@have to have some PHT colleagues flying the flag to@support Lucy too!	others
1703	:O	I've been fucking waiting to use this on u waiting for you to drop selfies	oh my god	others
1704	love u all, thank you for making great music!!!!	I FORGOT TO TAKE MY MEDS TODAY, I CANT BELIEVE ITS ONLY TUUUUUEEEESSSSDDDAAAAYYYY. FIGURES IT HITS ME ON THE HIIIGGHHHHWAAYYYYY	I FORGOT TO TAKE MY MEDSSS TODAYYYY. I KNOW I CANT DO FUN THINGS AFTER WORK CUZ IM TOO SCARED TO SMILE AND RISK THE EFFORT	others
1705	Sun Filter	Check you out lol	Trying to really live the “in my glo” thing	others
1706	happy birthday babe Have the best weekend darling xxx	Thank u ma babes a sure will lyyy xxx	Loving u bbz	others
1707	Wishing everyone a wonderful day (or a peaceful night). Lots to do. Cooking for tomorrow’s party, and more tidying. Better get moving.	Have a good and productive day!	Thank you. Another busy day today, then a Christmas carol singalong tonight at friends’ place.	others
1708	do u like me?	yess	aw, like u tooo	others
1709	nicki got an obsession w rapists huh?	wait what happened?	she’s dating a convicted rapist apparently	others
1710	lol it's fuck the flag when kaepernick doesn't wanna stand for the anthem but y'all so patriotic when 45 doesn't salute, people on this app amaze me	Could say the same thing about a lot of Trump supporters tho They hate Kaep so much for disrespecting the flag and anthem but Trump gets a pass for some reason Everyone’s a hypocrite	facts lol thats why i barely talk politics anymore	others
1711	Who in their right mind would want a leftist candidate to win? We had 28 years of liberal globalist policies.	The way you managed to insert yourself into a conversation where you very clearly have no idea what is going on is pretty Handy.	The way you, as a cartoon of a bad video game, feel you have any room in the world of humans is pretty weird.	others
1712	Mavs fans...what would the Heat have to include for you to take back Whiteside?	Whiteside has been acting childish for the past 2 years. Nobody needs that. Too bad that Bam isn't on the market because the Mavs could really use a C like that. He's becoming really good.	That's what I'm saying you aren't taking Whiteside because of what comes with him.  It would literally take Bam or Josh Richardson for me to take Whiteside back, and they aren't giving those guys up lol	others
1713	I know I should go to the gym tonight but my body is so fucking sore that I don't want to	Don’t forget to have rest days so you don’t hurt yourself!	I mean Monday and Wednesday lol I didnt go those days	others
1714	hh	TALK TO ME	IM OK DW I'm just,, tireD and I have no will to study	others
1715	AL HAMDOULILAH He unfollowed meeeeee	Wa ??	Ta pp Welcome	others
1716	Imagine having to pick up kids from school every afternoon and then help them with homework lmao no thank you	Lol  One day That will all change	Lol nah I’m good	others
1717	"The only gifts I still have to get are a couple bottles of wine for my emergency ""oh shit, they got me something!"" presents. What a place to be."	what’d you get me? cheese?	Yes. I was concerned that it would get moldy before I could get it to you, so I ate it. It was very delicious. I need to get back up that way sometime soon. And when it happens, you, and I need to get drinks again. I'm in the mood for something fancy and minty.	others
1718	don't let the tumblr porn algorithm see this	flagged	it's rami's fault, really	others
1719	Fun fact: When I get a comment asking for the name of a certain Got7 song in a video, 99.9% of the time, it's Dreamin'. Seriously, it's so consistent that I'm tempted to not even check the timestamp anymore, because it's probably going to be Dreamin'	Are the turbulence b-sides on Apple Music? Because I thought I added all their songs but I don’t know those ones	Yep! It’s the second in the flight log trilogy	others
1720	That's a wrap! Thanks to	Hmm. Anyone doing application security for them?	I'll tell them I know a guy. You'd put together some KILLER courses on the topic. ;)	others
1721	That’s just nuts!	Insane and child endangerment. Arrest is appropriate	My guess is that she’s in the throes of an extreme manic episode.	others
1722	LOL @ me seeing Texas people try to “one gotta go” New Orleans food and picking BOUDIN as the hill they wanna die on	That’s not going anywhere	Oh this is not in defense of boudin... this is me laughing at the fact that they kept it over other foods.	others
1723	tyler when he was writing ode to sleep	your best tweet	ugh thanks	others
1724	I want to give £500,000 a chance...God	Looool hustle by faith	That’s the plan my brother in Christ	others
1725	well they aren’t drinking cum...	i fucking hate you	... you love me	others
1726	the only parts that were worth it	JULIO PROFE	i know A LEGEND	others
1727	Okay. Tell me why tori just wiped her daughters face with UNSWEETENED TEA... Because we didn’t have water.	But why does it seem like you're more mad that it's unsweet instead of the fact that she just didn't get some water	I feel attacked	others
1728	Hell yea	Definitely celebrating home but i wanna have fun up here one more time this semester before we gotta leave and come back up this shit hole	It’s only right lol this the last weekend up here so yea you should have fun	others
1729	The new smash bros comes out tomorrow and I get off at 2:30 and then have 3 straight days off I might have to set alarms to remember to eat and sleep	The k rool hype is keeping me alive rn	I'm hyped for piranha plant even though I feel like he'll be trash	others
1730	*Youtube couple does a prank involving the girl faking a miscarriage* Anyone with a brain stem: Why tf would you joke about that?? Couple: But it was just a prank haha right?	I honestly can’t make myself watch it but even with a dark since of humor... it ain’t right	I agree. It's in poor taste since it's an issue lots of couples face and it's traumatizing. Plus the prank itself is so sloppily fake, one can assume it's purely click bait for views.	others
1731	Kris fuck you & tell Jenni I said hi lol	She’s getting her teeth cleaned. We’ll be over there after probably. Since we’re already down the road.	Cool cool. About time, it’s depressing as shit over here since yesterday.	others
1732	Google's public liaison responded to	1) Personalization can happen in Incognito mode, something we said *publicly* back in 2009:  2) Since normal and incognito mode can produce different results on *Duck Duck Go* I guess your headline should include DDG as tracking uses in Incognito, too.	"Thanks, Danny. The story is clear that thinks Duck Duck Go presents an inferior product. The idea is less to suggest your competitor is superior than to point out Google's own practices. ""Incognito"" does not hide users from Google, though it does hide some things."	others
1733	Competitive	Fun stuff.	You can borrow him if you wanna	others
1734	With all these new followers I wanted to plug some of my favorite podcasts!	Damn, what'd I miss? Weren't you a ~1500 follower peasant like me a couple weeks ago?	Accidentally had a viral Christmas tweet	others
1735	Hey or reach out to us by chat. Thanks!	I still don’t have the combine tab on my game and I completed all stages	Let's see what we can do for you. Could you please reach out to us via live chat? Please sign in first in order to access the live chat feature.  *EL	others
1736	I have accepted the fact that I am ugly	Go on somewhere	Lol I woke up this morning, looked in the mirror and it hit me	others
1737	I want to buy something for my crush but she has a boyfriend. Sigh	But when did I tell you that?	You say wetin?	others
1738	This is why I can’t do	Thatsa bigga oof	This is the reason	others
1739	Y’all producers are ode nice with FL. I get a headache after sitting there for 2-3hrs on one beat . I feel ass	Trust the process	Yo you ain’t get princess #	others
1740	At this point being a shun bias hurts LIKE PUT ONA SHIRT YOUBDORK	BIG MOOD	IVE HAD IT WITH HIM IM READY TO GP THERE AND PUT CLOTHES ON HIM MYSELF	others
1741	I mean I didn’t do horrible but I didn’t do good either LMFAOOO literally how my life is	Okay but did you pass cause that’s all the matters lmao	I got a D but when I do the extra credit it’ll be a C soooo yes?	others
1742	Omg y’all essential oil vaginal suppositories are the BOMB	Where do you get these?	I was able to get them at Whole Foods but they’re a little cheaper on amazon!	others
1743	Today in Auburn History 2008 - Auburn Basketball records 21 steals in the game against Louisiana-Monroe, breaking the school record. Quantez Robertson had 5 steals as Auburn ran away with the 78-55 victory.	Those uniforms	Better than most others the team wore. Early 2000s were a dark time	others
1744	followed by: it be like that sometimes :////	followed by my bio	god damn it, that’s a nice bio	others
1745	Somebody keeps unsending me DMs. Must have seen my story lmfao.	Hahahahaha	Lmfao	others
1746	I feel like Queen came and went so quickly. Like from cradle to grave. I literally never hear anybody listening to it or talking about it other than Good Form.	Best song on the album. It deserved more.	I really liked Coco Chanel as well.	others
1747	ERA: “Fuck Geoff Keighly!” Also ERA: “What kind of snacks will you be having during the VGAs?”	I've been debating making another thread about TGA being toxic but I feel like I'm pushing the limits as is.	maybe	others
1748	After approximately one zillion recommendations, I’m reading The Name of the Wind by	For me, he has an almost magical way of making the (seemingly) mundane utterly compelling. If that's not working for you, I'm not sure what to say.	The urchin life in a city sequences were kind of yawn-y and longer than I wanted. The language is glorious but extended fist-fights with boys are just that and didn't feel like they advanced the story much. Harlan Ellison would not have been amused. That said, It's picked up.	others
1749	fascinating to me that there’s still a large portion of Aggies who dislike kyler not because he transferred to OU but solely because he took that last minute trip to Austin with lodge	That stress he caused took at least an hour off your life. You don't hold that against him?	at that time yes. now? Man it’s all just a game that you hope you’re on the winning end of.	others
1750	the accuracy is unbelievable dfuysdsgdfgdfgdf	Fkdjdhghfj u finna followed me again	Fam i dunno wha gwan ive unfollowed a few man for no reason. It's booky. Think its my laptop mouse pad tbh	others
1751	IM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT	Why??	Cause I get to smash tonight	others
1752	Just here to remind everyone that I’m a badass bitch	a fucking tease is what you are	I’m doing what needs to be done	others
1753	CS:GO FREE TO PLAY OH NO	That's the king of bad ideas.	With how easily you can make cheats with some knowledge of their anticheat it just screams bad idea. Maybe there's something more to it	others
1754	Bad thing happening. Bad bad BAD thing happening.	Just keep an eye out for this guy, and anytime he pulls one of these stunts, strike him where it hurts >:O	... Where does it hurt??? I need to know.	others
1755	Yeah this kid just got the most fire charge up. Mans had the nerve to say “he’s so autistic he pisses me off” I think tf not. I dislike little low life ignorant ass disrespectful bitches.	what is wrong with people :/ that’s so disrespectful	On god!!!! I don’t do the foolery so I surely let him hear my mouth	others
1756	I just dropped chocolate milk all over my phone while trying to study how’s your finals week going?	Aaaaaw damn is it okay?	It’s okay	others
1757	If you enjoy Elves Orcs Sword fights Fist fights fun characters Magic-fu Fire-fu Lute-fu And fermented hog pee You should check out my fantasy books in paperback,	Awwww, no gun-fu? An orchestra with a gun would particularly epic. Some crazy orc gun that shoots manic rabbits? Just a thought.	I keep my fantasy purely fantastical. Little to no technology. That means no manic rabbits. Too high-tech. :)	others
1758	All you none believers!! Santa is here!! Or I’m drunk!! (Maybe the latter)	I never stoped believing!. Glad you’re having fun	Fun?? I’m full of food, mulled wine and beer!	others
1759	Does Anyone Know who the Assistant Attorney General of the Criminal Division was under Barr? Robert Mueller. Do you know who worked under Mueller at that time for his first job in the DOJ?  Rod Rosenstein. DOJ has come full circle and is about to open a can of strict Justice.	It would be she's perfect if Mueller ends up being the AG after this is over.	Liberals would absolutely loose it. I’m pretty sure Mueller wants to go back into retirement after all this.	others
1760	─────────────  0:01 -42:27    ——  Street Bangers Vol. 5   ◄◄⠀▐▐ ⠀►► ───────────	I clicked every point with hope maybe it's work:)	Haha that was exactly my reaction the first time I saw this tweet!	others
1761	This, from 2016, needs retweeting every Christmas until the end of time:	Brilliant.  Someone wrote in The Guardian once that Adams' twitter feed is like a serial killer showing you his collection of tea cosies.	It’s quite a genial feed with lots of Seamus Heaney.	others
1762	Had to reupload the	how comes?	YouTube never finished processing on it....	others
1763	What	What I was unofficially told (23 years ago) was that so many people came to Cambridge wanting to do physics they made it hard in IA to make sure only the ones who really wanted to do Physics took it in Part IB.	Yeah, I heard that too	others
1764	How did I miss this	I wasn't sure at first, but it's cool!	Have you heard the band before? I've been a fan since 2010 when the CD was released. They are working on the 2nd album now. This was the video that started it all:	others
1765	Anyone wanna gift me a floor ticket to :(((	nope	Wow rude	others
1766	Son grabbed a marker.	Oh. Did you have to spank him?	I'm sure his mother did	others
1767	I'm struggling with depression and I've had some suicidal thoughts. Please help	Please email my team on info.gigilamayne@gmail.com	I just did , thanks	others
1768	Also, my kid is in a rap video but it’s not the kid that you think it is.	This makes me laugh so hard	Me too. it’s funny to people that know him.	others
1769	29-1. Cheers, sons crying.	Even I got better...	Yeah they’re the worst I’ve saw this week	others
1770	i lov... my boyfriend	Planning to get him something for his birthday? Or Christmas? Or both?	huh... theoretically i could mail him smth now that you mention it but, hm. complications i feel of overseas shipping even if not a physical object tho, ofc i’m giving him smth!	others
1771	Can’t wait to be golfing on my days off when school is over	You mean surfing	Damn auto correct	others
1772	this girl came in my class thinking it was her exam time. come to find out, her exam was yesterday. i never wanna feel that type of hurt	I’ve been there it was the professors fault	i think it was this girls fault bc why would your mwf class exam be on a thursday morning??? but she was a freshman so i feel bad	others
1773	Writing a blog about champagne for work today. Am I the only one who thinks expensive wines are a bit of a wank? Like I get it's better quality compared to your Aldi knock off shit. But paying literally thousands for a wine doesn't make sense to me. I don't drink wine though lol	I have a similar issue in the Craft beer aisle	See I love craft beers lol. Though I’d never pay stupid $ for a beer	others
1774	Damn people really can’t take Ls in ranked	I can’t even take an L in casual	People sleeping on that casual elo	others
1775	Question time, Hero or Villain family! What HoV merch would you like to see us offer? Hoodies? Coffee mugs? Let us know in the comments!	Aprons that double as capes.	This is the second cape comment! I think you’re onto something! Hahah!!	others
1776	Apparently the document was “worded wrong.” I’m sorry, but the word lottery should never have been used if the case is the same as every other year. Extremely poor copywriting and needs to be fixed before this blows up even more.	Who thought that Lottery would be a great word for that?! Lottery means something completely different from the system that they're using. Someone should've double checked it	Literally everyone I spoke to assumed that the case was that there would be a computer choosing who got what signing. Lottery is not synonymous with “not guaranteed”	others
1777	i’m gonna strangle you	pls i have such doubt for exams	you don’t need to bubby you always do well and i never doubt you	others
1778	Highly recommend a visit to the 5 sisters zoo night time spectacular. The kids loved it and getting this close to a lion	Didn't know it was back open after the fire a whole ago.	Yeah mate, the place is incredible at this time of year. They put so much into rescuing animals across the world	others
1779	My liked tweet by	What can he say?   His interests have expanded as of late.	"Expanded? I'm sure you mean grow stupid. The angel snorts. ""I mean how can you be interessted on a date with me if you don't have feelings for me Dean? Don't you think it's kind of too late? Look at me: I'm nothing like my old, kind self."" He rolled his eyes. +"	others
1780	I saw this lady with zillions earlier today.	Girl I was talking about zillions the other day at work and people had no idea what those were. They call them micros lol	Lmao I hate that word. Why did we think they were cute? Also where do you live?	others
1781	Imagine Playing Ajax and RC in a pp against a female hahah how scared could you possibly be ...	Das spielt doch sogut wie jeder in einem pp	Ja Shitter Maybe	others
1782	Christmas dinner inc. cranberry on an actual pizza. Thanks	Hey there! I hope you enjoyed it? :) - H	It was everything I imagined it to be delicious	others
1783	don’t forget to take toxi’s eggnog challenge and drink 2 gallons of it a day until new years	i uh actually want to try this.... but also i have no eggnog and no money. and i've never actually had eggnog before.. i've heard its good and very full of calories though..	it tastes a super lot like milk! it's worth trying at least!	others
1784	тнanĸ υ, neхт <3 ( pc	cutie	i love u	others
1785	I never participated in the wbsd but this is the last one soo I am gonna do it even though I don’t have that much wannable mutuals ;(	Cutiee	thAnk YOUU T^T	others
1786	“Just study the notes and you’ll be fine”	every damn time lmao	But my teachers curve	others
1787	I want some coffee	White girl just offered me a Starbucks date ima go buy something expensive	As you should King dingaling	others
1788	"Singed up for service yesterday, was told I could stream on computer before it's hooked up, but site continually asks me to sign in when I click ""watch"" even though I already am signed in. Can't watch anything. Help."	Hi Carrie, we will be glad to help you! First, let's try to restart your device. If it continues to give the sign in error, please get back with us. ^LaToyaT	"But I still can't get past the point where it asks me to sign in every time I hit ""watch"""	others
1789	How come you always braid my hair	is it a song?	It’s a line from a movie	others
1790	Look I rolled Enkidu	CODY IM CRYING DMMSKDKZNCKW	Thank you! Can’t believe it took me this long tbh	others
1791	YESSS IM SO FUCKING EXCITED OMFG	RIGHT like I’ve waited so long for this, I’m ready for cersei to die	Man WHAT!!! I HATE THAT BITCH! OMG ITS GONNA BE SO EXCITING!! SO MUCH SHIT GOING DOWN. BUT MAINLY FUCK THAT PUSSY ASS BITCH CERSEI, i cant wait to watch her die omggggg	others
1792	My mom is judging me because I have one bag for clothes and another with and... I have to have options	Is there another way to pack?	That’s what I said	others
1793	I’m actually sober and bored so I have too much to say and I’ll say it to anyone that listens. Watch me tweet a bot next	You’re what now.	I should’ve said sobering up but meh... same difference, still indifferent	others
1794	I was nominated by	You’re Mexican, I’m Mexican. You like fake tacos, I like real tacos. But we’re still Mexican so we’re cool :)	Wow wow my tacos are real yours are soo fake xD	others
1795	BITCH legacies ep6 in a few hours but I wont be able to watch til later tonight	Hey, where are you whatching it?	i'll be waiting for a torrent link to be up :/	others
1796	What in the fuck	PSYCHO	I’m don’t trust any man who doesn’t have a core group of friends, one of which being at least one platonic female friend. That, however, is flat out insane and scary.	others
1797	Might not be on Twitter for a day or so. Depends whether I'm up for it but going through tough stuff rn. DM's are always open if anyone needs help. Ly all x	Hope your alright mate	Thankyou fella x	others
1798	Excited to join Stockton University Baseball! Let’s go to work!!! Go Ospreys!	Congrats Coach! Best of luck to you and your family on this new, exciting chapter. As an alum, thank you for all that you have done for GW.	Thank you Jack it was an honor to represent your program and I can’t wait to continue to see GW go to new heights !	others
1799	The more I think about Crimes of Grindelwald the more I hate so many things about it, but also the more I want to see it again.	This makes me nervous that I’m gonna hate it	Okay, a lot of people really love it. And Newt and Dumbledore are AMAZING and them alone makes it worth going to see, there are just a lot of things throughout that are kind of frustrating that once you see it I’d want to know your opinion about.	others
1800	Candy canes can easily be weaponised.	Have you read Robert Swindells' Room 13? Taught me young that candy canes make excellent stakes for vampires	I have not but that’s a recommendation I will look up.	others
1801	Me stopping myself from eating meat is gonna be hard but I'm ready for the challenge. Gotta stay healthy out here.	You can do it my G, just take it one step at a time	one step at a time	others
1802	I love [redacted], she's making me want a gf now	wonder who redacted is	me too hmm	others
1803	"Debating on if I want to ""write"" a blog post about all of my favorite songs that I found in 2018/came out in 2018, but idk yet."	Share the musical love with everyone	I just might. I ended up on various sides of Youtube this year and found some great music.	others
1804	Bakers & Christmas cake makers  Which is better  Traditional Royal icing OR Rolled fondant icing ?	Royal every time! Not only does it keep your cake moist and mean it can last for about 200 years because the icing is like concrete, but also fondant icing is absolutely horrible; like sugar-laced window putty.	Haha so true, even if it’s rock solid stuff. It does keep the cake longer. Cheers Leon	others
1805	WTF AND THR GUY WALKS AWAY AS IF HE DIDNT JUST ATTEMPT TO MURDER SOMEONE?! WTF AND WHY DIDNT ANYONE STOP HIM WTF ... SOOOO MANY QUESTIONS NO ANSWERS!!!	A guy had a seizure at my job & the girl that was sitting next to him was on her phone & didn’t do anything but scream at us for not calling the paramedics. We live in a scary world where people can easily see you die without helping	What the actual hell... that’s jus sad man... wow !!! Such a shame we live in this horrible world	others
1806	When you’re trolling and people come with logical replies <<<<<	Like when you thought red rat was something else	Fammmmmm, I can’t even have fun on here anymore	others
1807	Work Xmas party tomorrow. Do i go in jeans and tshirt or get all dressed up?	Just wear a dress over your jeans and t-shirt. Screwing the casual and formal looks at the same time.	Not a terrible idea	others
1808	Im eating pizza	Usually I would have asked for you to share but, now you just gonna eat all dat fking pizza and enjoy it bb	I can leave you a piece bc im generous	others
1809	My afternoon view	142 is my TG best score. Have fun. Heaters feel good right?	Heaters were almost too much! They have really good chicken wings too. That’s a good score, Michael! I was no where near that today. We needed some guys in this group to make it more competitive.	others
1810	hi best friends!!!!	Hi Brandonnnnnnn guess what I'm seeing why don't we after all	YAY I KNEW YOU WOULD x	others
1811	I know she ain't comparing people making mistakes in life to being a.... nvm	Sis	Like what is the correlation?	others
1812	Bruhhhh	Lmao bruh I need my house to smell like that	I’ve never paid no attention to how it smell lol now I wanna go to target just to smell it	others
1813	do you snap anymore?	I made it public again today for the first time in awhile	Ok brilliant I’m gonna be in touch soon ok I always email you also been chatting since 2016	others
1814	Wow, there's snow everywhere and there's planes now!?!	Just get ready dude ...	I'm ready to get some dubs, LET'S GO!!!	others
1815	Yesssss?	it’s not even 4 yet and ur already wildn	Somebody posted it on my TL and I’ve been feeling really hornknee for the last couple of weeks. I JUST WANT BAEKHYUNS DICCCCCCC	others
1816	Catch me putting my head through the wall for the next week as I try to figure out how to get all my stuff back and deal with the police	That’s so fuckin shitty man. I hope they’re able to straighten everything out!	With Christmas coming up and a trip to Cali in January as well this is a huge set back	others
1817	I always thought Janelle Monae was French b/c of her collab with Fun who I thought was English and welp.	I always thought she was Jenna Malone.	hahaha she probs has a doppelganger or that's her name in another dimension--a more boring one	others
1818	Plus-size heroine. NYC museum employee works w hottie billionaire to settle bequest. Btwn 1/1 & 2/14, they travel to Paris, solve a crime, overcome emo, work, & family obstacles, have LOTS of sex, & fall in love. HFN 95k Series Cinderella	Sounds great!!	Thanks! They say to write the book you'd want to read...so.... :)	others
1819	Jungle Love is the only good song from Steve Miller. Fight me.	Scored tickets to the rrhof event the year he went in. Weirdly, an angry man on what should be the happiest night of his musical Life. He confirmed that you don't need to have a conversation with artists just because u might like their music. A very bitter man...	Yeah he has strong opinions about the RNRHoF and I don't blame him lol	others
1820	Wowwwwww	Girl they are out of control! This girl is going to live her life in jail. So damn sad.	See this the shit that makes me want to be an activist, studied her story in my criminal justice class and there’s no way she should be doing 50 years!!!	others
1821	This is an absolute disgrace, completely undermines and potentially ends the Challenge Cup as a competition.	Have they not asked Red Star to do the same? Absolute bullshit if not!	I think it’s more because they have a realistic chance of making the CCF, but what about the likes of London, Salford, etc… Catalans were asked apparently!	others
1822	Why am I just now finding out about this?	what that b Bro	Fake man. I ain’t tweet it. Somebody got me hacked or something	others
1823	Hurrah for us!! If any of you lovely peeps could spare a moment to vote for us, I'd be super grateful	(even if you didn’t @ me)	If gave me more characters, I would have @'d everyone Thanks for voting	others
1824	Someone asked me how old am I, I said guess, the person said 34? I said noooo she said “whaattt higher? “	Looooooooooooooool well maybe it’s because you’re always tired maybe it’s showing x	2k19 more sleep less stress	others
1825	I thought lil homies 15 mins was up	Y'all keeping this snot nosed punk famous	You right. I played myself	others
1826	No wonder you are single. Not only do u look like a boy but the face u hb is the boring boy kinda face.	Why are you lieing like this nah	frst of all who ever is using habiba's fone give it bk.	others
1827	are literally filling my timeline for the whole day :)	I hope my camera roll brings you giggles.	Ohhh, it definitely is. I've been cracking up all day, lol	others
1828	Happy Birthday CEO Joe...	Don’t listen to them Kevin. They’re just scared because they know the boys are coming for that ass and a division crown	I love Dubs... ...From December to March	others
1829	I’m shook	Singgggg	Lol I did the range finger and everything watching this just to make sure lol	others
1830	85 hours of my life was spent listening to	you gotta tape up that camera so the FBI dont see you crankin your hog	It’s my work computer man!	others
1831	here is my spotify wrapped if you're interested ^_−☆	kensuke ushio!	i love him so much!! he's a big inspiration...	others
1832	Ça fait tellement longtemps que je n'ai pas lu de fan fiction	same here	The worst part is that I have a lot in my Wattpad library, but I never have time to read	others
1833	Yeth but not in that way. Dey my baby forever tho	me?	Yeth smooches ur head	others
1834	I need y’all help tweeps...I ordered rainbow six siege from	That certainly must have been a surprise to receive. It is my understanding this particular SKU was intended to be a physical copy, however, it was discovered that it was mislabeled as digital. We have corrected this on our site. Were you ok with the physical copy? ^Melissa	Well I wanted it digitally, but I’ve opened the package already so I guess the disc will suffice.	others
1835	Interested in the school nutrition, AKA the chocolate milk debate? I'll be talking to	Changing dial now!	Well, we have at least one listener. :)	others
1836	This is a high school age kid? Does he ever give up any hits?!	Ha no, five year senior college.	Still... impressive. And I love the perspective.	others
1837	Asking for a follow back, so i follow you. week later you unfollow... what's the aim?	People on this app are scam.. Imagin me on this app for since 2011.. i no get anything.. but me i de follo pple.. I dont know if following na food or na degree for here..	Definitely ur got excited when people follow ur but it all depends on u, yu HV to engage time to time	others
1838	My heart	I really cried when I saw her	I would have too!! Those PC's are precious	others
1839	Eh	I like it	lol I only watched it cuz of Tracy's ass	others
1840	U guys don't know how hard it is not to cry right now I'm in the car w my parents on the way to a casino resort and all I wanna do is cry	sending you lots of love. this sucks so much and you deserved to go. i hope this mess is fixed soon.	Oh geez thank u... It's even worse for u!!!! I just can't believe they would ignore the minority this easily....	others
1841	I really thought I'd be over complete strangers (beta) reading my sex scenes by now but NOPE Nota bene, if you know me IRL you are never, ever, EVER allowed to read any of my novels. I will fight to keep them out of your hands (Fortunately, IRL is a small list of people.)	A super-early version of one of my books had a lot of, shall we say, creative scenes in it. My mom was my first beta reader. She did indeed have questions.	That is so brave of you!! I cannot contemplate such bravery haha	others
1842	With that head of yours, you will fall because of the weight	Don’t be stupid Isaac	Foolish Idiot don’t call me Isaac	others
1843	Yoooooo I was tryin to talk to you guys! Huge fan	ayoo that’s dope asf bro	Hell yeah bro, they were partied tho so they couldn’t hear me	others
1844	Looking for 1 fragger PC! Idealy from UK/Nordic area. Dm me if u are interested	I will	Get ur ass on pc then	others
1845	AHH, Wednesday, time to suffer the hell of trying to complete elderly neighbours food shop on the website, without a doubt the worst grocery site. Slow, unresponsive - and crashed after 30 seconds today which is a delightful new low! Actual first world problems I know!	Sorry to hear this, Nikki! Please give our deliver team a call on 0800 188 884, if you need any assistance. Jess	Thanks, I called them - it was equally as frustrating as your website, an hour and three minutes to place an order of about 30 items!	others
1846	Reply	Hello, kindly be more explicit. Cs Team.	I topped up my Acct ystrday but it didn't come through. I was debited also. Here's the username: mergiko	others
1847	One down! Week off work!	We could have been twins except I just moved to phase 2 of my footwear. Hoping for a speedy recovery.	I went red for the holidays!	others
1848	Who of my Ocs should i draw whit this	Card	Arre	others
1849	n*rmani needs to delete that collab	her verses got wacker anyways	i’ve tried to be on her side but all this controversy keeps getting worse	others
1850	Despite the rain I still managed to get a few pics yesterday. The other picture was taken at Covent Gardens.	This picture is stunning! I love covent garden, I can sit and people watch for hours	Thank you yes I like it there x	others
1851	TFW you realize you could ship 2/3 of your trade binder to Card Kingdom and get two boxes of MTGUMA...	FTFY: MRW	Considering my trade binder is two cards over $40, and everything else ~$15 or less, that's not completely horrible.	others
1852	Yes, that's frost on my car.	We have it worse back here I the U.K. I have to get up 10mins eailer just to d-ice the car. Roll on summer	Oh, when I lived back in Pennsylvania, I fully expected it on a daily basis over the colder months.  Here in Tampa, not so much!	others
1853	Do black ppl go to cracker barrel?	I’ve been once the food is actually pretty good	Noted	others
1854	hi best friends!!!!	Hey Hru?	i’m good hbu :)	others
1855	Slideeeee	See I’m big and I’m not good in tight spaces	Lmao you won’t even realize cus you drunk	others
1856	Haven't seen you in ages ! Where have you been hiding.	I’ve been here:)	Well I haven't been able to see you.	others
1857	100% recommend , don’t do it before your test / final	Lmaooo you did it?	I checked after and realized I made the right decision lmao	others
1858	The very first two songs say a lot	ok but the third one too, its a bop	It is! But I wouldn't say that I listened to it that much	others
1859	Lost all hope in love now I’ve heard Jack n Dani have split	I love you xx	Aw baba I love you loads x	others
1860	Nigga spankys did me right	sucka	Bruh you get on my nerves every time I’m out I hit you up then you say “ima see (zb voice)	others
1861	Why have	Hello Sal, thanks for your query. We do still have products, is it these you're after - - Marc	Hi, no it's the shampoo and conditioner. They have gone from my local stores.	others
1862	Love the rain and all but I just Tokyo drift on Fairplex on accident lmao thought it was finally over	sorry that I’m laughing but the way you wrote this was pure comedy! Hope you’re ok though	Haha lol no worries , yeah it was scary at first but thank god I gain back control lol it was funny tho haha	others
1863	Time for some lap snoozles	Who is that gorgeous pupper?	This is LuLu, Yoshi's new little sister	others
1864	my mood cause im gonna eat ramen at place that has my name in it next week.	Flummoxed Ramen???????	they might be flummoxed after i tell them that i go by Oni and i am about to eat Oni ramen.	others
1865	i stare out window	I’m outside waving, you see me?	i'm not allowed to look outside :/	others
1866	The people bailed out the banks in 2008. Shouldn't they be paying us back at this point?	Lol at the tea photo. It’s so perfect!! PS Where’s Kermit??	Haha I'm Kermit in this picture taking the shot.	others
1867	my older sister just sent me this and i am actually crying. i got her into wild world earlier this year and she knows how much the anchor means to me and just fjdkfjfkgk all of this makes my heart absolutely SWELL like look at her top songs????	is that freaking out by in the top spot??	YES hahaha i got her and her husband and my younger sister into them earlier this year too	others
1868	Very talented	Thank you	No problem!! Where r u based?!	others
1869	CS:GO IS NOW A FREE TO PLAY GAME?! what does this mean for those who bought csgo before?	we get prime fore free and we get a skin and we get a loyalty badge	wrong on the first and last topic. Loyalty badge is ONLY if you have played csgo for over 5 years.	others
1870	Realized *after* I’ve written all the personal and research statements and was ready to upload them that my PhD is 6 months too old for the fellowship.  Must read fine print.	nooooooo all that wooooork	Right?  Still, I only would have been grading.	others
1871	The best potatoes are:	Baked	Twitter didn't let me have more than four choices. Next 3 were baked, scalloped, and browns.	others
1872	nvmd she loves me again	that’s what i thought	you did tho im supposed to be your #1 bff but ig its okay	others
1873	Why?	Isn’t that just a recipe for more CTOs? Can see some sense in terms of nature should already be established & in patient care plan should reflect that, but may lead to further restrictions on liberty?	Yes, its a good point.	others
1874	Fuck this guy. He needs to be found.	Looks like he almost lunges at the lady that walked by earlier - but no truck nearby.  What a scum bag.  I hope they can track the phone serial # and locate the guy, then tune him up really good...	Apparently he's been caught so here's to wishing he gets his inside.	others
1875	what’s the best pizza spot in Atlanta?	edgewood pizza.	shtaaaanks.	others
1876	Season 6 of what?	Fortnite????	Oh nvm I thought	others
1877	Apparently I now listen to podcasts while doing chores, so.... recs! I literally listen to and that's it, right now. What am I missing?	Not including my gaming podcasts, I’d recommend 99% Invisible, The Allusionist, Ear Hustle, Everything is Alive, plus Pat’s podcast .	PAT HAS A PODCAST, I DID NOT KNOW THIS, BRB SUBSCRIBING IMMEDIATELY	others
1878	Currently wearing sweatpants and fuzzy crocs in class and I 100% don’t feel bad	I feel this tweet	It’s dead week it’s all good in the hood	others
1879	I need a MAN. I need his strong grip on my hips pulling me close. Eyes locked, heavy breathing. In a trance of lust and passion	Well ya ain't gonna find one here....	I'm not looking here silly	others
1880	And just like that, undergrad is over. Thank you	Big question: Will future wife be at graduation?	Stay tuned	others
1881	I want to get to know the people in my feed better! I don't want everyone to be just a number like or retweet SO tell me one fun/interesting thing you have done/do and one thing about yourself that you like. I mainly focus on but it doesn't have to be about that.	I love	That is a really really cute doggo. Is it a corgi? I think it would be cool to have a little bit of different personalities at the table every time.	others
1882	I hope you get what you dyin for	be careful with me, do you know what you doin?	Whose feelings that you hurting and brusinnnnn	others
1883	Dave’s poetry corner is now open for business What rhymes with 9.30pm? Hmmmm I know  Beer!	I’m really getting into Guinness again	I know what you mean it’s very more’ish	others
1884	Just went to the doctor and they referred me to neurology... I feel like I should be worried but I’m too excited about the possibility of eventually seeing an IMAGE OF MY BRAIN	But also Brain tumor	*bleeding from the nose and ears* Don’t be so dramatic	others
1885	thanks for all ur support i finally made it	kat oh my god	Y'all was screaming at me... But I made it	others
1886	Ageing myself here but when I saw tweets about MX being interviewed by Steve-O, I legit questioned why the dude from Jackass was doing it...	SAME i was confused and excited and then i was disappointed	I REALLY WANTED THAT CROSSOVER TO HAPPEN	others
1887	biiiich give me krbk height difference! !! let them be equal in any aspect but this!! ! !	Totally HC Kirishima to be 5 cm+ taller and with a bigger build than Bakugou	uhm yes pls i need this!!!	others
1888	Some have asked what my preference would be for adding an outfielder. Andrew McCutchen via free agency is my answer. Still productive and feels like a great fit for what Atlanta is building. That would be a deal worth exploring for right length/money IMO.	100% in agreement, esp since he is comfortable leading off. Acuna 2nd, FF 3rd, Donaldson cleanup is ideal	I'd hit McCutchen in the middle.	others
1889	One of the few components that makes games universally better for me is metal coins. Finally bit the bullet and ordered some generic but nice ones to use in... probably... all my games from now on	Very cool! I heard Ukrainian current works quite well	Not a bad idea!	others
1890	Sorry about earlier. It did occur to me after you'd gone that 'you miserable bastard' might not be the right way to address one's boss. I'll bring you a mince pie on Wednesday.	Mind you, “miserable *greedy* bastard” that I am, I’ll happily take the mince pie.	Good, because I shit you not, I do actually make the world's finest mince pies. I even make my own pastry. The most hardened mince pie-hater loves my mince pies.	others
1891	[SMASH ULTIMATE SPOILERS kind of] what the fuck Viridi	What's the context...	I think Pit was asking if it was legal for him to fight in smash at that age but then Viridi's line...	others
1892	Week 14 picks  BAL > KC JAX > TEN CAR > CLE IND < HOU NE > MIA NYG > WAS NO > TB ATL > GB NYJ < BUF CIN < LAC DEN < SF PHI < DAL PIT > OAK DET > AZ LAR > CHI MIN < SEA Record: 107-91	Your record is awful	Thanks	others
1893	thanks!	No problem!	I actually followed you by accident, but was like, oh,well... why not?	others
1894	I’ve been with o2 for ten years... no data, voice or texts for the whole of today (especially when you use it for business) is completely unacceptable - contract being cancelled... when I can make calls again	I’m furious!	I bet there’s no compensating either	others
1895	We all knew it.	"Never knew he had it in him. ""...or wait, she had..."" ""I mean..."" ""...excuse me, I have to pull my foot out of my mouth."""	.... Oh boy..	others
1896	Because sometimes I feel so unaccomplished, & forget that I've already done so much and this is literally only the beginning	It comes from working very hard,  You’re about to level up!  Life is forcing you to break your  Comfort zone!	I feel it!!	others
1897	LMFAOOOOO Offset	A King	Court jester*	others
1898	Offset’s mistress, Summer bunni, cries while apologizing to Cardi B  Why is she crying	She’s wrong for messing with a married man, but however Offset is still the main person to blame. Period.	Facts but they both are goofy’s just as much as the other	others
1899	Hazel is a mechanic, not an alchemist, but she needs to attend the prestigious Alchemical Institute to find a cure for the plague that’s killing her. Her only way in is to steal the identity of a pretentious lordling, but he's the last person who wants to help her.	Ooh this sounds so good!	Thank you!!	others
1900	This man on grindr’s 14km away talmbout “come over”.....excuse me sir do i look like i can afford a plane ticket rn	what is the distance of 14km....	Girl too far. I might get a spirit airlines 2way ticket for $12.99 but i gotta fuck the pilot.	others
1901	welcome to uni!	thank you, miss.	smiles. you're very welcome. i'm jung jinsoul, a third year fallen angel. and you are?	others
1902	Ends  Who or what is is in the Pictures  What is the Connection  Which is the OOO	Triumph tr6, magnum pi, pi bike, tiger. Food (gbbo) triumph cake a couple of pies and tiger loaf. Magnum. Pi is ooo pie and ice cream.	I’ll give you something for that	others
1903	"Transphobic zoophiles: ""you're not allowed to be comfortable inside your own body but you have to let me be comfortable inside of an animal's body."" What has the world come to?"	This is what happens when we let just anybody in the fandom these days.	Zoos aren't furries, I refuse to allow them that title	others
1904	Uh-oh	**Private** Sir M, I need an alibi for an 'incident' that occured earlier today. Could I say I was with you doing Bible study in the park? That way neither of us will be in trouble for things we definitely were not involved in, and should not be blamed for because it wasn't us.	Ordinarily, I would vehemently disapprove of and forbid such an offer but on this occasion, I accept because it's definitely for the greater good.	others
1905	The nationwide outrage about the lack of mobile data today shows you what sort of society we live in, absolute madness! Get on with some fucking work	All you do at work is watch porn...	All I do at work is watch Benji, unless we’re talking about the same thing	others
1906	I wonder how I would look with a nose piercing	Let's go get nose piercings :)	I kinda don’t want my parents to kill me	others
1907	Backing into summer walker dms like:	Lemme find out you’re nice on the skates	I think you highkey just found out	others
1908	this is a lie i listened to pop/stars nonstop for like two weeks	january-october only it's dumb ik	i mean i didn’t start using spotify until like late this year so is whatever	others
1909	This was the Shrek Retold scene I animated. The audio was a fantastic addition	AH this one was great! I had a laughing fit at fiona picking up that door when I first saw it. Great job dude.	Thank you so much! The door and the 'Delete Shrek Scene 46' were the two comedy beats I enjoyed creating the most. The style and execution on your section was phenomenal, by the way. Seriously one of my favorite parts.	others
1910	I wouldn’t have Travis or The Carter’s Top 5. I would have KOD #1 but the rest of the list cool.	Hmm. KOD over Victory Lap & Astroworld? Why you got KOD #1?	I think KOD is amazing, especially live. VL is my #2. And I don’t see what y’all see in Travis. Lol	others
1911	can you help? Looking to get visualisers for each class. Any recommendations for a reasonable price? Thanks in advance.	Have you already got iPads? I use a mirroring app to create a portable visualiser. If not, will have a look at the other ones some classes use as they look fine x	Thank you!	others
1912	KAJSJSJSJSJSJSBSJSJSJ WHAT AN IDIOT OMG	you love me sO	Sigh, I do	others
1913	Soooo how many minutes did you guys spend listening to music this year?	15540, honestly thought it’d be way more	Ok so I think I have a problem	others
1914	Me when anyone says they feel sick 'HAVE GINGER. IT'LL HELP!!'	You’d always offer to make me one when I didn’t feel well at uni	I swear I've told so many people this year that ginger helps with sickness. It's true though	others
1915	Goodnight	Ka pela so. Ke maketse today	I am not feeling this night	others
1916	Buzzcocks and Pete Shelley's music meant the world to me as an angsty teen - and it still does now. Really sad news	Shite innit mate. Fucking shite	Couldn't put it better myself. Awful. The hours I spent learning Buzzcocks riffs on guitar when I first started playing - incredible music.	others
1917	Managed to bag a copy of that pesky new St Et freebie CD I was all het up about last week! Surrey North EP - 4 new tracks! Smashing. Should get it at the weekend? Fingers crossed. Big love to my benefactor!	Jammy beggar.	I will alert you to additional copies in the offing if I can. Will let you know!	others
1918	Today has been a hell of a day. Was sitting at my computer when this little guy hit me! screaming the entire time, i caught him and called the environment police to see what to do. I let him go out by the mailbox like they told me i could do.	Waduhek is that thing jfc	Its a spotted salamander, its a endangered species where i live	others
1919	builds character	This institutes built me enough character	no such thing!	others
1920	So, this just in there is no worst boy in Amnesia I was just mean	inch her resting	IKKKI TOOK CARE OF DAD WHEN SHE HAD A FEVER IM CRY	others
1921	Good. See ya	Until the eagles pick em up lol	God I hope night Twitter would explode	others
1922	blue did you see the pq2 dlc where yu summons orpheus	NO?????? i saw the one where he summons thanatos though	it was posted at like 2 am this morning it was 4 legged bright red boy	others
1923	mood	Since when does it rain in socal	Sorry I meant fire*	others
1924	Things that need to stay in 2018: making an Instagram account for your dog.	*cat	That too	others
1925	Your TC doesn’t have to like your tweets.  There are no bye-laws for that.	Wrong - all the women on Twitter	It’s on the internet so it must be true tho’.	others
1926	I have a sweet tooth for you	HI PERFECT I MISS U	HI I MISS YOU BEAUTIFUL	others
1927	apart from a 100 million dollars i need my best friend to stop fucking acting like my boyfriend	O go kwalla di channels	bona kere a batle go bona “love lives here” yaka	others
1928	“Hold my scarf” If you hear	"Marc Dear Heart, had to follow you after this epic piece, and your use of ""contretemps"". !MM"	the french have to have a different word for everything	others
1929	I think it is time that these were addressed correctly. I open the forum to	"I have just two clarifying questions:  1) pigs in a blanket now sandwiches? 2) Tacos only counting hard shell and 'meat,' or ""tacos"" counting soft flour and fish?"	1) yes 2) yes	others
1930	Delete this tweet	imma fan but tell me how bro not tho lmao? I swear nobody in the music industry even rock with him anymore lowkey and he got all these weak ppl opening for him on the 8th and he never wanna drop any of his cold ass snippets/songs smh	That’s not falling off. He just be teasing you	others
1931	How is everyone doing tonight then? Friday tommorow	Fucking drunk	Haha it’s not Friday night lad!	others
1932	I made it almost to work today with my kid still in the car.	I told u I’m surprised u drop your kid off in the morning!!	It was bad. Can I quit my job.	others
1933	escribimos un TEMAZO en español hoy ESTAMOS CON TODAAAAA, QUIEN QUIERE ESCUCHARLA?	wHaT dOeS TeMaZo AnD tOdAaAaA mean	i gotta teach u spanish	others
1934	One of those nights. Because deadlines don't care about your sleep.	Guy why is it so water you’re drinking? Why are you disgracing me like this?	Twitter said I should drink water for clear skin.	others
1935	The Ohio State hoops team grabbed another significant, early-season Big Ten win away from home. Chris Holtmann has his team doing some solid work.	Austin, I have really enjoyed following your tweets for the CFB season, keep up the good work bud.	Appreciate that very much, Stu!	others
1936	If you enjoy Elves Orcs Sword fights Fist fights fun characters Magic-fu Fire-fu Lute-fu And fermented hog pee You should check out my fantasy books in paperback,	Fermented-what?!	Scorovian Hog Juice! After just one sip, you'll wonder why the hell you ever tried it in the first place!	others
1937	aries.	This took me out asf Bitch you stooopid	No Aries slander in my mentions pls thank u	others
1938	fuck y'all I'm gonna get the 1/3 repackage anyways	LAOKAOALAOAL DO IT	I will	others
1939	I'm glad Microsoft bought Minecraft. I don't have to ban my kids from playing it.	"Gonna go out on a limb and say ""what has notch done now, the dick?"""	Being a racist prick	others
1940	Got a business question? Ask me here, and I just might feature it on my podcast,	How do you market s business like marijuana that carries a stigma?	I woulnd’t be afraid of negative reaction, because I’ve learned over the years in business that for a young business, even a negative review builds the business. Take advantage of the controversy that’s out there. Not every type of business can do that.	others
1941	"I thought she said ""Get off my nick"" dhxbxbxsnsn"	I think in Global at one point she says get of my neck shshshshs to keep it more pg while they forgot about that quick shshshshsh	That's the one im talking about	others
1942	If you’re not familiar with why and how White Feminism (the self-aggrandizing form of feminism that dismisses intersectionality in favor of implicit white female supremacy) makes people of color angry, here’s a piece that expresses that frustration.	I've never wanted to physically embrace a headline before now.	SERIOUSLY.	others
1943	Yes you have nigga lol remember when we went wit the church a few years back?	I Ain’t Go On That Trip With Y’all Bro	Ohh wrd lol why tf you miss that trip? We had a fun time bruh lol	others
1944	"Well this certainly makes my ""work"" here easier"	Hey is Papelbon in this bracket of least liked Phillies or what	Give me a little credit here	others
1945	Sweetie, no, stop, you’re embarrassing yourself.	No I am not.	Are you sure? Because you’ve gone from “I’m gonna MURDER HER! Mwahahaha!” to “NUH UH!” in less than half an hour.	others
1946	Salary: Competitive	against precariousness?	"dysphemic is more better: ""salary: we keep it private because it fucking sucks but like any other, right?"" i.e."	others
1947	Wondering if many in racing world are watching BBC 2 now.	I'm at party. What's going down!?	Documentary about the escape attempt of one of Sheikh Mohammed’s daughters. Enjoy the party.	others
1948	friends that share music with you are forever appreciated	Comparte unas conmigo	Got you boo	others
1949	Hia, I raised an enquiry via your online form because my parcel was delivered to the wrong address and recipient (Just to check if you can help, I'm trying DHL too) but your team has closed the ticket with no response. Can somebody help re delivery or refund please?	Hi Sarah, we're so sorry to hear your parcel was delivered to the wrong address, please DM us with your order number and we will get this resolved for you right away. Team OB	Hi there, your team kindly reopened the ticket and are investigatingthank you	others
1950	The Star Wars cantina band song is on my Spotify top songs playlist. Ok	I am currently listening to it (off of a Star Wars theme CD I made for my car) AS I READ THIS TWEET no joke I was not expecting this connection today	Ah! No wonder my hair is so staticky today. There’s a current or something going from u to me	others
1951	Parent(s)/Guardian(s), Unfortunately do to a lack of numbers, the Grade 5 to 8 Ski Trip has been cancelled.	So disappointing	I know	others
1952	I’m gonna end up picking at food surrounding a chicken leg, leaving the chicken there (wasteful) and anyone who might otherwise ask if I’d care to dance will think twice!	why not simply send a company wide email beforehand letting everyone know you're available for dancing	It’s a little complicated...it’s a place I volunteer, not my work...not sure if I’d be allowed to send a memo like that...	others
1953	i still haven’t listened to zayn’s new song because i’m not ready to be sad yet	good luck	i’ll tweet my review later......	others
1954	...	least she’s willing to let you have cats and live together at the same time	we have decided on 2 cats 2 dogs and 2 ferrets	others
1955	Y'all with the nice voices don't understand how blessed you are I would never shut up if I sounded so good  I can only wish	Drop a recitation faTEA	Astaghfirullah  I don't want to cause anyone takleef	others
1956	They playing THE 1975 in MACDONALDS I GOT BIT TO EXCITED	you are SO cute	I want new music babe!!!	others
1957	What does fame have to do with cheating ?? Goodbye	his money and his status as a performer were going to allow him to cheat wayyyyy before cardi did	Sis if you think money gives someone a pass to cheat you need to seek help. I gtg I lost brain cells reading your tweet dis tew much	others
1958	I want justice for Ally but neither Missouri or Texas make me feel hopeful that she’ll get the justice she deserves. This is just a sad reminder that we must protect our trans youth at all fucking costs. Rest In Power, baby.	Just for clarity: Texas County is a place inside the State of Missouri. The trial is to take place entirely in Missouri.	thank you!! still not hopeful. let’s hope im wrong.	others
1959	This man took it to Google	i needed answers.	I don't blame you lol I've taken sins to Google.	others
1960	BIRTHDAY GIRL	happy birthday n	Thankyouu D	others
1961	Friends outside of Texas	I neeeeed one	I think there's still some available online.	others
1962	HOW	IM RLLY GOOD AT FINDING STUFF HHHH	HOW DO U KNOW ITS HIS BROTHER THO	others
1963	Wow she loves me	Lol so hostile	Good thing she do fuck w me	others
1964	....christine is on netflix. wow i love this for me	OMFG WIG I LOVE THAT BOOK	it’s so good and such a fun read and the movie was one of my favorites when i was lil i-	others
1965	hi best friends!!!!	What’s up?	what’s up :)	others
1966	i’m ready to die y’all	Stay Safe	thank you love	others
1967	So serious topic here. How do I best display soccer jerseys? I've collected a few over the years and don't have a good way to show them off.	I built a thing with dowels for scarf and jersey display	Got a pic?	others
1968	I think Fruitbat is onstage with Abdoujaparov right now. It’s impossible for me to think about Pete Shelley without thinking of Les.	I absolutely get that.	When I first met Les he could have been Pete Shelley’s brother.	others
1969	Real ones subscribe, like, watch, & retweet	Had me rollin fr good shit Z	On me I appreciate it	others
1970	AirPods charge so quick!	Ayooooo pauseeeeee	what I miss	others
1971	- Chill stream. :D Practicing more Garen stuff for Season 9.	Are you gonna get Smash Ultimate?	Someone gifted me it, so yes, I'm playing it tomorrow. :)	others
1972	To my woman. I can’t explain the joy, goodness and peace you ignited more in my life .. Love is not a word enough for you...	Awwwww	I’m still a learner ooo	others
1973	my ultimate art dream is to be well-liked and stable enough that people buy ych's of my fursona hyena antoine interacting with them at like. a bar. a party. a midnight park picnic. just fursonaz being friendz	SIGN ME UP TBH	new ych series is hyena antoine exclusives... at your holiday dinner, carrying all your shopping bags while you search for more presents for your family, showing up at your door with a bottle of sparkling cider to celebrate your hard studies week	others
1974	emotional check in! how is everyone?	Content	same, it’s a great feeling	others
1975	TA Fam actually just think I’ve made up the word baffies and have convinced them it’s a real word.	You have	I’m offended by this discrimination	others
1976	i dont talk much abt this but some *** stans are hardcore annoying	OMG, it has been bugging me as well. But I try to tolerate it.	a lot of my mutuals and friends are also fans of that group and i think the group is great but a lot of other fans are.....uhm	others
1977	calling all people that think this is the last pinof: why do y'alls think this? It's for science	Just bc it’s the 10th one it doesn’t mean it’s the last smh	Literally what I was thinking	others
1978	I’m just sitting in the mall parking lot ....BUT IM LIT	You were dancing so much it looked like you were driving	I was driving when I was listening to serendipity but I parked and this boo came on I was like OH	others
1979	We are working on our 2019 Issues now for Advertisers and Sponsors! We now INCLUDE marketing & advertising within the cost of our magazine ads!  Our DEADLINE is April 5th, 2019 for Spring Issue. We will NOT extend deadline because it puts us too far behind on printing.	Issue? :) We’ll be out later this month.	It's in our American Outdoor Revolution Magazine and it's at the printer. We haven't got the digital proof back of our design yet. It should be this month. We were pushed out past our deadline waiting on clients ad proofs.	others
1980	May, I’ll back your deal	She has bare opps rn	If she parsons me for this oyster thing, brexit means B R E X I T	others
1981	is it ugly to sc*m old men to pay for my top surgery	no whatre they gonna do? fight u? they r old men . Bones r toothpicks.	the tranny agenda.. at this rate we should all sc*m old men to get what we want	others
1982	Heol, now we are same home. Am I having bad luck?	nOOO. You should be happy because you are the luckiest person!	Heol. . . .  I will never get my luck. PFFFFFFT.	others
1983	I really didn’t want to but im fearing the worst now. I got in touch with a doctor and tonight I’m going to open up and try get myself some help. It’s unbearable, it really is difficult for me to handle... I just hope someone can help me with my mental health.	Doing the right thing mate. Here for you if it helps	I know mate, thank you	others
1984	People say 100 subs is nothing but imagine if you had 100 people watching you talk or play a game in real life.. 100 is not so small now is it? Stop comparing yourself to others and just keep grinding	I have 24 subs, but I get barely get any views	Just keep grinding JG, trust - everyones been where u are	others
1985	I don’t have my wallet today so instead of actually eating on break I’m imagining myself eating a chilito ex sour cream no onions	With a Mountain Dew	Omg we need a skyline date soon	others
1986	honey dutches or 504s	i rolled with 504's and was kinda shook up	lmao shook why	others
1987	Currently off work with a bad back, when can I start collecting my pension?	Just man the fuck up, you’ve got a Crain to do the lifting. The most you lift is a burger	Says the man crying about his knee every hour of the day, my jobs active unlike yours lifting cups of tea to your mouth all day	others
1988	Pink Floyd tribute acts (Aussie Pink Floyd, Brit Floyd) - ever seen them, any good? Expensive for tribute acts.	I’ve not but I’d be quite interested. Aussie Pink Floyd are really popular and put on a big show too.	Both bands are playing DMH next year. Might have a look again after Christmas. Don't know who is the better bet.	others
1989	Bants gone too far. Joke about everything else but leave his family out of all this.	Nah this isn’t bants anymore . This is some level of pure beef and hatred ahan!	Some people don’t know how to talk. That’s just the major problem.	others
1990	"hurrah for the 2018 edition! :) Thanks also for the edition guide! It seems that ""path clarity changes"" link in is broken, I got a 404... could you check it? Thanks and hurrah again!"	We started publishing the edition guide here:   So that’s why!	I updated my bookmark! Many thanks! ;)	others
1991	It sucks when I want to do a hardcore remix of an old pop song or something and the original tempo like 105. It will sound terrible time stretched, feel too fast and sound too ridiculous pitched up :(	Drop it to 85? Although it might sound weird in a lower key	That can work sometimes, but a lot of the time it will either sound too slow or off because the snare is now hitting on what was the off beat.	others
1992	Coffee Break Au - This is a comic about Hanzo and Satya's friendship. They work together in an architecture firm as a project manager and urbanist architect respectively. They frequent a coffee shop across the street from their working place.	Oh my,, this thread is my l i f e,, your art style is incredible and i love the exploration of character in these!!	I'm glad you're enjoying it * - *	others
1993	Go	Where's the FLOCK page ? Have we won yet? And take 100 more photos with people you meet :)	We are in the last category. Give us 2 more hours... :)	others
1994	Yall every see your crush's picture all happy and enjoying life and it makes your day and you almost forget about your problems???	No	Well thats bad. I saw my crush's picture with an elephant and he looks ao happy, i just cant get over it. Wanna see??	others
1995	My life has basically been exactly the same as it was before I got married but I just realized that this is my first Christmas season with my actual HUSBAND and I got some serious warm fuzzies.	That's great and all but WHAT DO YOU WANT FOR CHRISTMAS	I actually just came up with something stupid yesterday, I totally want one of those desktop crock pots so I can make soup at my desk.	others
1996	Are you still making your way down to Key West regularly, like you were? I only ask because my job’s taking me back. Thought I’d ask after some good restaurants & things to do other than the standards like Sloppy Joes/snorkling & scuba diving… :)	That would be I bet he could give you some great ideas.	Oof. I’m so sorry. It’s been a long couple years since I’ve talked about it. :/	others
1997	Dinner tonight: a recipe from Nik	Dan this looks so good, thank you!	It’s a fab book, congratulations	others
1998	Tried to make a test gif in CSP - gave up and used Photoshop, but I might be making more progress gifs from now on!	lookin gucci	Can you believe I couldnt get one frame to work in an hour with tutorials in CSP and it took all of a minute in PS. Good thing I kept it	others
1999	That’s the worst	take your pb some socks george	I got him	others
2000	Our 3G data service is returning and we are confident it will be fully restored by 9.30pm this evening. Our technical teams will continue working hard with Ericsson engineers to restore 4G which will bring us back to full network service. More here:	Mine is back up thanks, my phone has missed me lol	Your phone's loss was our gain, Julie - but we'll nobly step aside to avoid a messy confrontation. We'll always have today	others
2001	Are you someone who follows me AND interacts with my posts, likes, retweets or comments regularly? If so, I want to make sure I'm following you back.  Let me know if I'm not please	Me	You aren't following me jean. Shall we follow each other?	others
2002	I appreciate the compliment? I guess?	Would you just answer my fucking question?	Boi you know that I ain't into that shit LOL Puhlease	others
2003	F these neighbors  A party on Thursday?? I'm f****ng working on friday Some people don't have hearts	Mean while you forgetting its December ne ? Any who sleep tyt	I should probably forget ka my work neh?	others
2004	Currently weighing up the pros and cons of selling my digital camera equipment and going fully analogue.	I need my digital stuff for the wildlife but that's it, shoot film almost every day now	I need to re-evaluate the sort of photography I want to do. I've had trouble with my legs and just can't stand for long periods anymore. Think I'm going to give one last try this weekend and see how it goes from there.	others
2005	Why does SoundCloud have a ridiculous amount of ads for no reason	Reason is they gotta make money Chief	But back in the day they didn't care about to money and had no ads now all they have it ads smh	others
2006	I like em forty and sporty, or fifty and thrifty	dude, why.	Lol. I heard it on an IG post. I’ll send you, it’s hilarious	others
2007	Am I too late to the	u can hear my ugly laugh in the background lol	Holy shit you right. Good thing is good laugh bc it’s cute	others
2008	hey I’m starting to get into Anime, pretty sure I’ve seen you tweeting about it a few times- any recommendations for shows to start with? I really enjoyed the 7 Deadly Sins and Yona of the Dawn.	Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood is amazing and super accessible on netflix, but you might wanna put it off for a bit because it sets an insanely high bar?	Do I need to see fullmetal alchemist before I watch brotherhood?	others
2009	What in the fuck is this game dood	LMAOOOOO	Fuckin planes dawg get ready for the 9/11 memes in titled fookin towers	others
2010	I've been on a bender, back to that prophetic esplanade	Chooon.	From a great, great record	others
2011	Watched Youtube Rewind. Recognized only 2 youtubers, Ninja and Markiplier. I guess that is more than usual...lol	You dont know tge first dude we see?	Will Smith? He's not really a Youtuber. But I think it was cool to hire him for the video! I really like him!	others
2012	did i get a boyfriend just so i could do this with someone? maybe	I feel rejected	u will forever be the OG	others
2013	"Jetzt aber mal ehrlich, meine Damen. Ihr seid auf einem Businesstrip mit einem Typen, der euch sagt: ""es ist so kalt, eventuell müssen wir uns aneinander wärmen."" Dem schenkt Ihr doch auch ein großes Thermacare Pflaster und ruft seine Mama an, dass sie ihn abholt, oder?"	Nö, dem schenk ich 20 Cent. Für die Parkuhr. Die kann er bezahlen, damit sie sich sein Gesülze anhört.	Atta girl! :-)	others
2014	i think one of my least favourite things about pokemon is the fisher trainers that just have like six magikarps. theyre a waste of time	Free xp!	i could get just as much xp from fighting one wild pokemon instead of having to go through all those magikarp	others
2015	happy to help Simon.. you might want to check your dms	got it! Hope you're well Jeremy	just wanted to explain Simon. hope to do a gig for you soon !	others
2016	I used to live in Oklahoma City for about 6 years. I can tell you, this storm that is about to hit that region would be like an ice storm plus 2 feet of snow in NYC. This storm is very bad news for them.	Oklahoma City?	Yep! Forecasting and tornado chasing. Man, my 20’s were fun. Lol	others
2017	Hannahs wild ride x	Where is MY TAG	YOU CAN'T BE TAGGED IN PHOTOS	others
2018	LMFAO it has more dislikes than likes well oFC since it didn't start with pewds saying year review OR have bts in it. That's what your payola loving ass gets youtube when you delete millions of our views but still have the guts to put a trash ver of idom in it	lmao if it had bts the dislikes would be like 2 mill	And the likes would be over 6mill just like their mv what's your point?	others
2019	Me: Devin I’m sad  : idk let’s go take some vagina classes	Is this what Devin thinks queer women do?	No it’s just what devin does	others
2020	Not surprised	My last year one just popped up in my memories today! What's this year's url?	Here you go!	others
2021	Tell me about it lol I have no one to go with	Damn bitch i died?	LMFAOOO bitch you said you couldn’t do anything in April	others
2022	I should get new glasses for the New Year.	I cannot wait to get new glasses next year	Where do you get yours at?	others
2023	...and yet it will be a year and nine months before the first series starts. I wonder what took so long?	?	The pilot went out on 30th December 1982, series 1 starts on 14th September 1984. Such a massive gap.	others
2024	she’s everything and even more i’d just die for this girl without thinking twice she’s my entire world i Love her so much	this is so cute pls she loves u :(	i love her more:(	others
2025	dunno who tf u and your team think you are but idk why our talking shit, just made me laugh tbh. You’re stuck in public scrims, the game’s been out for like 4 years :(	They in t1?	not him, his team mates, can’t tell if he was talking shit but pretty sure I heard his squeaky voice in there	others
2026	y’all are getting booty tickled over a magazine cover,,, 5sos stans are really bored now	Everyone was fine until c*ll and c*ystal brought it up	hate that for them	others
2027	uggh. I keep sneezing up a storm. How the hell did I get con crud without even going to a con?!?	Must have picked something up from the atmosphere when you breathed it all in over North America eue	that's probably what did it for sure!	others
2028	Your on to something there buddy maybe some jenga n card games	Hey man sounds like a good plan	I’ll bring the jenga you get the henny lol	others
2029	Dear Wonderful Twitterworld! It is our hope tonight to get one more manufacturing, distribution or supply chain follower. This 8999 number is awesome but 9000 would simply make our day.	Congrats for the 9k!	I'm buying! Come to St. Louis!	others
2030	Point fucking proven,	All kills were headshots how do you nerf that	take the fucking acog off ahah	others
2031	We have Todd Gurley, but damn this guy has all that alluring promise.	Um.	Not as a replacement. I mean we have the best guy at RB but we are still somehow excited, better phrasing maybe	others
2032	Well I smashed both my finals this quarter, so this fall is a win	Wooooo! Great work Myles! I have no doubt you did amazing!	Thanks Katee!! :)!	others
2033	Just saw Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. Breathtaking animation and art direction. I’m still tingling.	Is it good? Only asking as grandson is 9 mm just 9 birthday was Monday lol	So. Good. And it has a fantastic message, especially for kids. I highly recommend.	others
2034	Brooklyn genuinely feels like another country.	how so?	I have no reason. Probably low exposure to it	others
2035	Anyone not watching Vanderpump is playing themselves	i literally paused and rewound to cap this scene because every frame of it brought new joy to me	every single expression on Tom's face is so expressive	others
2036	I'll enjoy for you	Are you there?	Going at 12	others
2037	I think I’m overdue for a new tattoo	Should get a lion running out of your skin chasing a gazelle running into your skin	Tempting but I think I’m going to pass on that	others
2038	i can’t wait to get pregnant, 9 months with no periods sounds amazing oof	sis do you even know in how much pain you'd be	okay so first things first i already am in pain plus after 9 months i will be rewarded with a baby so pregnancy > periods if you ask me	others
2039	sccc sucks !!! Got a call that said I apparently withdrew myself from my classes & that I dropped out ????	i went to register and they said i couldnt bc i had a hold on my account but HAVE NO HOLD	I literally registered for spring classes last month and everything was fine. Now I have to go tomorrow & talk to them bc someone fucked up and marked me down as a drop out like ?? I have no holds or anything I’m just confused as fuck	others
2040	ppl that do slits in they eyebrows r so skanky	stop firing shots at scousers	LOOOL SCOUSERS DO THIS? pls i love them	others
2041	Is there a way to have Unity notify you when a team member pushes something to Collab? That would be super handy. Is there a setting I'm not seeing?	"If you go to your project in and then at the bottom on the side nav, go to ""Settings"" and then ""Integrations"" you can set up notifications to get pushed to either Slack, Discord, Jira, or a generic webhook."	Oh, heck yeah! Thank you so much!	others
2042	[scoffing with annoyance] you win 20 rounds of poker against your cousin Donald and Uncle Scrooge and SUDDENLY you're banned from ALL game night events.	*Wait you are banned from all the casinos as well?	No, I visit the casinos frequently. My family just knows better than to play any poker matches against me during get togethers.	others
2043	Oh hi, it appears to me that I got some... *squints*... beers here, would you like to have one with me?	Beers!	Today is a perfect beer day for me!	others
2044	Is the game down? I've not been able to get past wetting my hair and lacing up my boots for the last 10 mins or so	Add 2 more to that	You having the same issue?	others
2045	i think it’s time to re watch the vampire diaries	okay so i’ve been debating on starting this for the first time. is it worth it ??	girl yes!! the boys in it make it even better lol	others
2046	Any big scoops on this story over at	Maybe you should ask .  Doubt you'd get a response.	She blocked me a while ago. She did me a great favor. Seeing her idiotic statements always made my blood boil. Now blood is stable :-)	others
2047	There’s absolutely no way this dude in the lib sat down beside me to eat some crunchy ass chips and watch family guy on his 20-inch flat screen TV. Bro please just go home	And here u r complaining about ur tweets being stolen	Thanks for the evening update yax	others
2048	u can love all of the members of 5sos equally and STILL have a fave, my mum loves me and my sisters equally but I’m still her fave	ur mind	my mind am I right	others
2049	why do you keep cancelling your shows in Detroit I need answers	he's cancelled before in Detroit?	Yup he had a show at the majestic earlier this year and cancelled day of	others
2050	I scroll through my tits to get to the Xiuchen gifs	What does this mean	I'm wh0re	others
2051	I AM ALL-IN ON THIS.  play Super Squirrel McNeil !	Excuse me. How did this dude not earn 2nd base last year?	Because the Mets were dumb and traded for a 36 yr old?	others
2052	painted irl ?	yes	What do u think of this?	others
2053	So, this drunk son of somebody is saying Moody Awuori is clean? Oya,	He'll die in office	May he reject this job, otherwise tunamlaani	others
2054	Lol mine is non existent	I sleep around 5 now . like I have no control over it	I sleep when sleep comes, whether day or night	others
2055	Very excited for Northern Twitmas tomorrow. It was such a risk for us to decide to try and host the event up here so people could access it, but it appears to be paying off and tbh if it goes well, I may consider a Northern Tweaster. Maybe a Twexit leaving drinks too.	What risk, other than mild embarrassment if no one turns up?	Well that’s the issue	others
2056	new rolex	damm luk at the rollies frrrr	u want sum	others
2057	everywhere i go, there’s always like loads of babies	Maybe it's a sign	hey i mean i’m not pregnant but, maybe someone i know is	others
2058	Maoam IS helping	aww your litte helper how cute love your tree xx	It’s not finished yet but it will be very colourful!!	others
2059	Another year, another	tanner HOW	I fucking LOVE and the last play at Shea album is the greatest of all time	others
2060	Is having sex with a prostitute considered cheating?	Is this a trick question? lol	my boss insists it’s not we going back and forth right now	others
2061	literally the best girls	I agree but you’re definitely up there somewhere.	They're first best, I might be 2nd	others
2062	Lots of anger on here tonight	I've not seen much, trust me to miss all the fun.	It was just a bit of ranting Beth	others
2063	New Position in Management + 30-35% increase in pay.	Mike, I need to be on whatever track you’re on! Cuz every tweet you are making moves and dollars! Teach me!	Listen... I'm beyond blessed. A lot of what happened in my life has been sheer luck and strong will.	others
2064	♡ MAKE FOR MAKE ♡  (priority)	Hi M4M?	user Senna* sorry	others
2065	20	HBD	Thank you	others
2066	Should I start streaming on YouTube as well as making videos?	ive always felt streaming, twitch is the way to go until youtube streaming gets as big.	I’ve been thinking about it for a while now and wasn’t sure whether to do it or not! Thank you for your advice will take that on board!	others
2067	Thank you LOL are yall surprised?	22 hours??? and u call yourself a stan? disappointed	I know I was shocked as wellI’ve falled asleep with artpop still playing	others
2068	it’s been a minute. read it or don’t.	I love it ! Back like you never left	i appreciate you !	others
2069	SKUNK	Wtf did you call her a skunk? I’ll st*b you what the fuck..	I called you a skunk stinky roach	others
2070	I think 90% of the reason that I tend to aesthetically prefer women is that women tend to wear makeup and men don't. Guys. Eyeliner can make all the difference. Makeup isn't a female thing, it's a human thing, and it's awesome.	ok this explains Bowie.	Bowie is a universally attractive human being.	others
2071	My spotify wrapped	imagine paying for music lol	I use dames account	others
2072	If you don’t catch today’s podcast, our (my) main bets for are Joanna ex Champion to win at 3/1 and Ortega by KO at 7/1. Also small bet on Jimi to win by KO at 5/2. Your thoughts?	As much as I’d like her to, I can’t see Joanna winning. I think she loses by stoppage to be honest. But I hope I’m wrong. I’ll be on Ortega by SUB and outright. Nelson via SUB to.	All 3 understandable. Going for value with Joanna and think 3/1 is fair	others
2073	Fleur pisses me off keep give her airtime id happily run and fly kick her she’s a fucking pissing me off	Well, she is getting the job done so eat your heart out!	It would be nice for someone else to do it have her keep trying to get air time she is trying to hard to win and he’s does my head in	others
2074	Imagine not telling me bout my unborn getting aborted might as well not come back into my life	Imagine thinking you have a say in a body that is not yours	Like I said don’t come back into my life	others
2075	Which of my songs is your favourite?	Let's have the link..	Check my pinned tweet or search my name on ANY digital platform.	others
2076	Many LOVE are pleased about event cancellation.I am honest I think… It is not always easy for the next event to be held in Japan easily I am very sad…ㅠㅠJapan LOVE is very sad…ㅠㅠ Because it was the first and last NU'EST W Japanese event…	i'm so sad too, i hope they will come to J-ㄴㅇㅅㅌ soon with 5 membersor MAMA JAPAN! i believed they want to see you. please always beside them *hug*	Thank you very much L.O.ㅅ.E	others
2077	I-...........this is the first and LAST time I ever listened to his crusty ass.	Why would you do that?	i don't even think i played the whole song.	others
2078	Girls be tweaking. You don’t earn that food coupon till you show you deserve it.	Boy what	Maybe you’ll understand more after watching this	others
2079	U ok hun?	Awful grammar	The classic cliché of them being a “patriot of Britain” but they can’t even speak their own language properly.	others
2080	Going up the stairs to my department is like a damn workout everyday a bitch is tired	it’s not that many stairs sis	It is multiple times a day every damn day	others
2081	Boomers, as we know, are all premier critical thinkers	Lol this article is from like July	You're from like 1995, but that doesn't mean I won't quote-tweet you	others
2082	The documentary? Three identical strangers.	yooooo wasn't that wild?!?!	Shit blew my mind man. Still cant believe that happened and they were protected	others
2083	Someone go to in n out for me pls.	Me too	Her too	others
2084	omg should i be worried ?? bc i am	:((((	hh it was bc you weren’t answering me dw	others
2085	I really need my car. Like dead ass	nah bitch you love Albany	Not at all. I’m miserable.	others
2086	Depression is trying to convince me I’m worthless and everyone hates me again. *sigh*	go look in a mirror and tell depression how beautiful you really are! (((HUGS)))	Then depression would remind me I need to lose weight and that my torso is too long in proportion to my legs.	others
2087	Knife Skills	Did you do that?	Yup! I love to cook. (When there’s time!)	others
2088	Happy one year anniversary to when Xavier Dolan left the I Tonya premiere with Sebastian Stan.	Why was I not informed. Everyone is fired	Also I'm not kidding you when I say that the first thing I thought of when I saw the tumblr ban on noods was your awe inspiring hairy naked werewolf Bucky drawings getting deleted.	others
2089	Fuck sake. Said at work today likely we’d lose. We’ll struggle for top four. So many issues in the team	Going to be so tight this year	Think Arsenal & you boys will get top 4. We aren’t good enough. Too inconsistent. The Arsenal game, they could’ve & should’ve put at least 5/6 past us	others
2090	Rachel (	it’s cool that she brought it to you. i once had a dog that you could bet would make me chase him for it!	This cat brings me things from all over the house. Usually toys or pieces of paper from my art studio. She’s very funny.	others
2091	Nahhh 3 is the where the rich niggas are still we pay extortionate prices for shit service and yet don't leave	Mate you’re doing it wrong I complained with deep anger and got a month free. And I get 30gb, unlimited text and calls for £17. EE and O2 could never	me I cba man. It's the same bs all the time.  Is it sim only still? Cause I got 100gb with unlimited calls and text for £20 with three back in September	others
2092	Fuck exposing my shit taste in music, I’ll keep it to myself	I’m sensing Taylor Swift top 2	Worse	others
2093	Who feels like looking over my music favorite lists and giving me feedback? I know I’m missing some projects/artist in certain categories . Help me remember	dm!	Shoot me your email it’s long	others
2094	For some strange reason, blocked me so if he tweets anything interesting, please screenshot it and @ me :D	Google Chrome - Incognito Mode	but i'm still blocked. I mean, I can use my other account and read his tweets.	others
2095	♡ MAKE FOR MAKE ♡  (priority)	Hi M4M?	done with user Aia394 :)	others
2096	509 accounts blocked ?	You are angry oo	Lol I can’t shout.	others
2097	My dad telling me about how he used to go to Kings games for $5, pack his jacket full of beer and then eventually sneak down to ice level seats. Absolute legend.	Nowadays the life hack is checking stubhub at puck drop for a map of seats unoccupied	$6 nosebleeds for tonights Kings vs Devils game right now	others
2098	I don’t know what to do with my hair again	are you me?!?!?!?	Yes and I just got new products UGHH	others
2099	Another round of the artist promotion trend is afoot, and I thought I'd jump in this time!   RT/like & Reply with some samples of your art! All artists welcome Looking forward to seeing some cool art!	Hey guys! I'm kai, and I mostly do traditional art w copics. I'm looking for awesome artists to follow! I also really like overwatch and the witcher	Whoa, really cool style!! I love it!	others
2100	Alexis’ April 3rd Shelsy’s in September i think the 9th or 21st I think maybe Lisette May 1st Jeannie’s was January 28 so is saucey’s	september 4th lol but you were close!	Dang it, now i know though	others
2101	Group picture of all OT characters with concrete designs so far!	Had to do it to em	he had t	others
2102	Istabraq, Hurricane Fly.	Loved the fly	On the face of it, 2m hurdling not a division that you'd think would stoke much debate up regards the GOAT. Ista or Fly for me. Other tough ones: Who's the best Gold Cup winner ever, who's the best horse not to win a Gold Cup, who's the best Champion Hurdle/National winner?!	others
2103	works great cuz it’s 8 hours of small talk that you can’t escape and somehow it gets increasingly more awkward with every daily interaction	This is dark	can you tell how well my day is going	others
2104	:D	the cutest EVER	i love you	others
2105	I still think losing the footstool combos was a huge detriment but he looks like he was kinda just built for the game's engine.	Footstool combos are never a main part of someones gameplan (not even for Megaman and Greninja) so losing them is never that big of a problem as no character in Smash 4 relied on them even if they had really good ones like Wario	It's still a detriment losing good combos just in general.	others
2106	happy birthday bro, have a good one	Thanks bro	Yeeee, match one later or some if you ain’t busy foo	others
2107	ok i miss you HELLO	Hello sir	hey m’am!	others
2108	Meanwhile Marley and Lola have been on patrol in Kippax, Leeds. Both of them got a good workout walking up Butt Hill. It was a steep one!	Is that why it is called Butt Hill? Because it makes for a toned Gluteus Maximus?	I think so	others
2109	Guys I can’t...	Please say this was written by the owner.	I wish... reception	others
2110	Ehem Tell us what you're hiding	I don’t share my secret with strangers raheena	Now im hurt	others
2111	Hi?	I just wanted to say that you’re gorillaz comic is awesome and me and my friend love it	Thank you!! That’s so sweet omg	others
2112	Lmao loud and wrong	Lmfaooo dbz literally got like 6 filler episodes from db all the way to super GT included	This naruto vs dbz debate on Twitter need to end lol niggas saying shit that don’t make sense	others
2113	Oremi catching flights and feelings. Bigness	Bawo losen se e laleyi	Bye. I’m blocking you	others
2114	that could fix flint twice	Yea but friends is epic and flint water tastes like the gay	friends isn’t funny	others
2115	mfw the paid group leader been sayin buy the dip since 18k	please tell me you have a source	no idea it’s off barstool but I’m willing to bet large sum of money it’s north jersey/NY	others
2116	seems like I need to make a trip to Dallas?	There’s a barcade here have you been?	noap, take me pls	others
2117	That guy is an idiot, I do not have money to buy the battle pass, I would have loved to have an account and give it to you	Don’t be scammed please :(	Never	others
2118	Me: *exists* Fabio:	I could ask a question, but I won't	Don’t. For your own sake.	others
2119	YOUR LAYOUT IS SOFANTASTIC	Thank youfor supporting me babey	you desevre it. i love you	others
2120	guys there are some audio glitches in game I can’t hear footsteps in some areas any update for that?	Thanks for reporting this. What platform are you playing on, and do you use a headset? (If so, which one)	Yes I’m using a headset but is not only me my friends also have that issue I’m playing PS4. Headset is Sony platinum headset when I’m in some parts in all maps the audio is weird and I can’t hear (footsteps, walls being breached,fuze charges etc	others
2121	5’10-6’1	Oh ok then , so normal height for a male	You’d be surprised lol	others
2122	Good day Twitterville. Have you finished your Christmas shopping? I have to go out and start. Gotta put the lights up. Late start this year.	Is your tree up at least?	Nope, but wait till the neighbors get home from work. I love pranks.	others
2123	New one (and my first one) for	!!! I love it so much!!!!	Very happy to hear this. Can’t wait for everyone to read it. Congratulations!	others
2124	Please end their season so I can obnoxiously tweet out that shitty ass Meek Mill song. Thanks	That song was the anthem of the Eagles Super Bowl run and one of the best rap songs ever. Meanwhile Dallas still enters the field to a Wiz Khalifa song from 2013 that received heavy airplay on B104	That song isn’t good and was played by a bunch of dumpster diving homeless people	others
2125	I am definitely starting this tmw,will see how much I can save befor 31st	just started babe	For real? Let’s see what we can get befor the year ends	others
2126	If you’re into American history, I think this is pretty cool	Quizzed my supervisor on the date of this letter. Me- what year? “1939” (Ok, ok...) what month? “Either Sept or Aug” (Wow!) Day? “1st week of the month” (Damn Scott!) “I already have that letter” haha	lol! ^ that's great	others
2127	Family Todd have voted! Solid  First time for	Was first time for Wee VfG too tonight	I was thinking of him too! He’s not very wee these days...	others
2128	Sorry to burst your bubble fellas, but Matic isn’t suspended for the Fulham game. He picked up his third yellow card of the season yesterday, you need five to be suspended. Sad, but true.	Also picked up MOTM fella	I still have absolutely no idea how that happened, completely undeserved.	others
2129	Sis tripping. I know her piss look like apple juice	It stank bad I know it do ... omg she just a mess I lost all hope for sis	Lmfaoooooooo b*tch said it stank bad	others
2130	YOU CAN BET YA ASS I STAY LISTENING TO MUSIC	1361 days worth of music omggggggg lol	Don't ya mean hours? Hagaha	others
2131	my friend just dmed me to say she saw jesse eisenberg??????? UHHHHHHH	my condolences	JFKDKKD sis are u saying u don't like him or,,,,	others
2132	I know it's old merch but if ever down to wear it there you go	I love Shayna Baszler’s shirt	It's not sooooo	others
2133	We actually aren't surprised ladies it was expected	668 hours..........	That almost a whole STRAIGHT month of only BTS lmaoofnakfko	others
2134	(G)INCEPTION.	Your lady friend deserves the crushing disappointment of dating a barren man purely for the horrific jacket	It’s your wife.	others
2135	Imagine being the only person to comment on an ABC article about being more inclusive at Christmas and this is what you come out with. How embarrassing.	Yikes	I mean half of traditional Christmas is a series of vegetable based dishes and desserts that can easily have substitutions swapped in but go off Sarah	others
2136	Skiing at 9000ft	Enjoy mate!	Cheers mate x	others
2137	Dudes really racist out here that’s crazy	It's facts tho	we know it is just need this agenda rolling	others
2138	i didn’t stalk her account lmao this shit is all over tumblr	“2007” it’s got a time stamp. but please go off	yea and the n word? 37 weeks ago but please go off.	others
2139	/ T. ILP :.rıyb / pg. tg. fg. ukpkb?	Whois what you problem? ?	:/ Just trying. Haven't problem.	others
2140	I’ve been sitting here trying to study for 30 mins and so far I’ve accomplished getting my laptop charger out of my book bag	I’ll be there soon	t god	others
2141	I need love and attention!!!	I'm selling	Me i want free one.. things too cost these days	others
2142	For the first time probably ever I am actually on Gleesons side. Fucking immature act by Bogut. I would've punched him clean out.	Why ? ? Time out wasn’t called u can do that	Yeah I know you can but he was being a smart ass and Bogut thinks he can do whatever he wants. Whether you can do it or not doesn't mean you should.	others
2143	Little change to the stream has been finalized and yoooooooooo is the man! My guy took a template I sent over to him and made it mine!!	That is freaking LEGIT! Dang! Um I think we might need to upscale my shiz now I need a spinning OMG after effect transition now! For reals maz that’s tight! Lookin so fly	Thank you Mommmmm!!!! I’m so excited!!!	others
2144	Here's a piece of hardware from our latest Duffel prototype. What would you call it?  A. Flat hook B. Cord hook C. Got a better answer? Comment below.	Depends. What is it for? What’s its function ?	You can watch the video on our fb page! Basically hooks and latches into our duffel, but we don’t want to reveal too much.	others
2145	My top songs are so good omfg my mind	Darren’s Teenage Dream.....	Better than the original I said what I said	others
2146	What could you learn if you took a street, any street, and looked at all the different services that are delivered to people in that street on any given week?	Was just thinking about this myself...opportunities for integration and efficiency...	And connectivity?	others
2147	Yeah ima try lotus Saturday	It’s worth it!	It’s gon have to be	others
2148	Happy Thursday	You Too!	Thank you	others
2149	lays is my lord and saviour	love u brick	love u more brick	others
2150	Chick-fil-a be having these children out here taking orders in rain, sleet, or snow...	Must be at that location out hea they be inside	Every one I’ve been to so far, they’re outside...	others
2151	My hopes for Nintendo's Game of The Year Awards reveals: All 5 characters announced Geno and Banjo as my most wanted Skyward Sword HD Metroid Prime Trilogy and Metroid Prime 4 DLC announced for Breath of The Wild, Odyssey and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe	This would be better than any Direct we’ve seen all year	I prefer Nintendo to announce all 5 characters at once THEN show their release dates at a later time so we know when to expect them	others
2152	No end in sight for	Hard realities for Australia. We depend utterly on fossil fuels.	It's diabolical	others
2153	if you need to use psychology tricks you use on promoters and bloggers on your friends to write you back sooner than 3 days it’s a pretty weird relationship	uuh pls reveal tricks	well the only things that kinda work for me are catchy title and short message but definitely starting with a question	others
2154	If u go hard for me... ima go HARDER for u!!	The Kings In the Wave greatness is so amazing they deserve the best life have to offer them Salute to all you Kings who make this journey amazing 2019 success	Salute to u n all the ppl who support what we do	others
2155	Last three books I read, tagged by  The Gilded Wolves by Roshani Chokshi The Boneless Mercies by April Tucholke The Belles by Dohnielle Clayton Tagging	i want to do this but i have to figure out which were the last 3 i read all the way through	I definitely picking up and putting down books lately. Not because they're bad, but because my head space is whacked.	others
2156	They’re after me now.	Was that because you calle PETA out?	Strong possibility. Heaven forbid I actually tell the truth about a disgusting organization. Can go against their narrative. Nope. That’s a Twitter sin.	others
2157	I’ve tried it in chrome, safari, Firefox and explorer, in and out of incognito tabs/secure/private tabs, I’ve tried it on a pc and a Mac and an iPhone but my Spotify wrapped will always get stuck on page 4!!!! Pls help x	Hey there! Does clearing your cache/cookies help? Let us know how it goes /OS	Sadly it not work still. Anything else I could try or is there a way of u sending screenshots of what it looks like (I don’t mind about missing the fancy graphics and stuff) x	others
2158	Who has a Switch and wants to be friends?	I don’t have a switch, but I wanna be friends...	I guess....	others
2159	Interesante. A three year deal possibly?	Save some Peruvians for the rest of us	You've already got three.	others
2160	H1 =/= aim skill	Debatable. Pre-Update H1 had a skill gap. I’m referring to before H1 died.	Maybe we were just gods but that game wasn’t difficult	others
2161	Heart attack... Pete	I’m speechless. He changed life for so many	I agree I can't do anything now	others
2162	When d rose left. Why u ask dat.	Nigga switching team's	I always been a john wall since his high school days.	others
2163	Mozzarella sticks should be served with melba sauce. Fail.	Please stay in Albany	There's no marinara on that plate because we threw it at the waitress.	others
2164	♡ MAKE FOR MAKE ♡  (priority)	hiii i can do all of yours except your priority, would that be okay? these are my links so you can check too ateez: (PRIORITY) stray kids:  sf9:	hey, I can only do SF9 with user Aia394 :)	others
2165	Wait Fox News is still on strike? They haven’t tweeted since 11/8/18 what’s going on	Robert Mueller?	They were on strike bc twitter allowed Tucker, Hannity, and others to be doxxed in November. ANTIFA was at Tucker’s house and was threatening	others
2166	LAST 2 SUBJECTS TOMO AND I CAN GO BACK TO MY NORMAL LIFE	Goodlucccckkkk~!!! KAYA MO YAN GOD BLESS	Thank you neeeeel	others
2167	Every time I turn around I gotta dish out money. Adulting is for the birds	Mannnn, imagine how it be with kids too	At least with kids I expect it lol	others
2168	I’m pretty sure BTS already know if they’re nominated for the Grammys or not. Why would they act like they’re on energy drinks if they didn’t know?	So are you saying we are nominated or??	That’s what I think	others
2169	I'm maining one of these characters. Looking forward to cutting this to half tonight	Young Link is actually sick. Chrom as well. The only two from this list I'd actually try out.	I can see you play a sick young link	others
2170	Just for fun, can anyone guess which Angelo Badalamenti song has the most plays in my iTunes?	Umm... Falling?  Mine is blue Frank/the pink room	Nope.Nope.Nope.	others
2171	Ok so in all the madness from that Travis cheating shit. i was just wondering why TMZ ain’t just come out and say they didn’t take the picture and just end that shit there .???? bro something not adding up here	Kris Jenner is phenomenal.	Bruhhhh i’m fucking saying, this nigga just happen to come out yesterday and say he did it.. like what are the odds	others
2172	Daniel got me a puppy calendar from canes & it’s so cute	I want one now	Get one! They’re like $2	others
2173	I would rather wear a 2XL t-shirt (short or long sleeve) than anything else honestly	i have about 5 that i have literally just to sleep in and it’s the best	oh I live in the 10 that I have, like wear them everywhere with zero shame	others
2174	A girl I went to class with is saying to me that it's so sad and shameful that at this time last year I had a boyfriend and now I don't. What is wrong with you girl? I mean, I don't care, it's not shameful not no have a boyfriend. I don't need it, I am happy being single!	Your a strong independent woman	"I just started singing ""I like my woman independent"" hahahha  Thank you sis, love u"	others
2175	ur local 'i only wear jeans or sweatpants, ever'-grouch got themselves a dress and i'm feeling pretty great in it	so pretty	im glad you like it too, lally uwu	others
2176	tea, darjeeling, room temperature	;(	i dont often explain my art	others
2177	what’s their first biggest	Narcos	oh wow I can’t read. I thought it said Marvel’s fourth biggest show	others
2178	I think I've been pretty productive this year... Anyways in 2019 I'm going to try and make more highpoly models!	Heart eyes @ your models, they're super unique and gorgeous <3 I'm happy I found your work!!! Can't wait to see what you do in 2019!!	Thank you! I'm going to work really hard not to disappoint all of you!	others
2179	help needed. 'mkdir fred' in my home directory fails 'Operation not permitted' . Even with sudo. have reset user permissions. No help. ideas? Mojave....	these two commands will tell you what you need to know  sh $ id sh $ ls -ld	They all look good - my home dir is owned my me:staff (now) as i'd expect. Totally happy with *nix (>25 yrs) but not so much macos/apfs/acl specifics.... or csr	others
2180	on a palace floor i see my soul	kglglfjflj ur so beautiful	jdnsjsb stop ur so pretty too queen	others
2181	Wasn’t Shawn Michaels name “the heartbreak kid” y’all not original tho! Y’all mind fucking the shit out these youngins	& you are still hating so keep it up	Plus how can i hate on a bunch of mfs who play wit each other’s dicks?	others
2182	my own ideas blow me away	is this your account	no i wish it’s anas	others
2183	Incoming! Heavy snow minutes from downtown and South Buffalo	How much can the city expect ?	A quick 1”-3”. More scattered but lighter snow showers overnight.	others
2184	i did the same thing too	Nawl tho g it’s crunch time I can’t wholeheartedly say Fuck it you gotta half-ass it till the end 1 week left	man i’m trying	others
2185	Who tf is still in their 20’s egging cars.....	@ me	Even u aren’t that childish	others
2186	chocolate******	He spelled chocolate wrong	that’s why i corrected lol	others
2187	I found my dumbass cat outside in the rain. Should I let him back in the house or let him suffer for going outside in the first place.	LMAO LET HIM IN	He wants to act like a stray cat he’s going to get treated like a stray cat	others
2188	thank you for sharing<33 so brave	Wow.. that must have required a LOT of courage<3 dezelfde kleren, 2 dagen op een rij? I can’t even imagine the horror;o	not even a walk of shame ;o	others
2189	I feel bad for her this is so fucked up .	Nahh she can fight that he cheated multiple times so he really shouldn’t get nun	I hope so	others
2190	has the most useless customer service. I have a hacked email and they can’t even help smh	Hi Tom! We're sorry to hear about your experience. It's certainly our expectation and desire that you receive the highest quality service when working with customer support. We're sad to hear that it sounds like you did not.  As much as I would like t...	I have called twice and it’s beyond ridiculous that I need to pay to get help with my hacked email. This is an urgent situation and all you care about is money	others
2191	There was absolutely nothing wrong with her lips in the first place - I just don't get why people would do these things to themselves	deep insecurity from looking at airbrushed pictures of celebs and thinking your ugly as a result.	Pretty much yeah - it's always happened but it's a part of society that seems to be getting worse - too much porn if you ask me	others
2192	so turns out DHL is worse than USPS. who would’ve thought?	DHL CAN SUCK MY ASS	SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK	others
2193	What Christmas song are you based on your zodiac sign	Cuaal es capricornio?	I’ll be home for Christmas	others
2194	"A merchant writes: The issue with using Bitcoin in commerce: accounting is a frickin' nightmare. (Lightning Network is for these purposes a ""maybe this will help later"".)"	a lot of bitcoiners would agree with a lot of points in the article, which is why they think bitcoin cash is stupid.	I'm not sure the accounting issues are *that* hard ... if you cash out daily. Holding, I can see that being a nightmare.	others
2195	Does to post up local events/workshops/groups/discussions or initiatives?	Not that I know offffff?	Fire! We start a trend?	others
2196	Pesky Gremlins Comic  Larger version available at:	The dog looks a little confused.	"Once again, you spot the little details that I put in. That little dog is named ""FooFoo"" and will likely show up in a later strip next year. ...and it is at the very least, confused."	others
2197	my school fucked up my employment so i've basically been working unpaid for three weeks and i'm not getting paid for another two weeks	amateur opinion here but that sounds uhhh ... how do I say it ... illegal ???	Hmm yeah but it’s fine :)	others
2198	Ageing myself here but when I saw tweets about MX being interviewed by Steve-O, I legit questioned why the dude from Jackass was doing it...	I DID THE SAME THING	THANK GOD I'M NOT ALONE	others
2199	Is just looking at rather curiously. Are their dads friends?	Noms on her popsicle that uncle Wesker gave her. It might be contaminated.. Their daddies were friends she thinks.	"He's licking his own popsicle. If he chews, he'll get a brain freeze. He's thinking the same. ""Hi!"""	others
2200	El tráiler del sábado de durará 2:30 minutos. No está mal, ¿no?	Es Sony, tal vez lo recuerden por trailers spoiler como los de The Amazing SpiderMan 1 y el de The Amazing SpiderMan 2 de 4 minutos mostrando la batalla final y dando a entender el destino de Gwen Stacy, esta mal, preocupa que sea el primero y ya vayan por mas de 2 minutos	No va a haber spoilers	others
2201	Am I the only person who lives somewhere, where people actually show up to stuff and are happy and participate? One of my classes would never.	I just felt super bad for this vid but I looked more into it, the professor participated as part of a viral video!! So not as sad :)	Oh okay good! I was so upset for him!	others
2202	hello episode is still taking over my life but what else is new	I USED TO PLAY THAT GAME ALL THE TIME IN SIXTH GRADE	MME TOO AND I JUST RECENTLY GOT IT BACK ODKDJDJD	others
2203	is happening tonight! We'll be live tweeting the awards, reveals and reactions!	Crossing my fingers for Red Dead Redemption! they put so much hard work into their games! What do you guys think? Could we see a Bully 2 reveal tonight????	The game is well deserving of the recognition!  Also, it may be too early for a Bully 2 reveal, RDR 2 has a lot of life left and Rockstar probably doesn't have much to show a new game.	others
2204	Just because we are both in the break room doesn’t mean you need to talk to me. Leave me alone lmaoo	@ me next time	I need to @ creepy nick	others
2205	// i think something appealing about vincent is his inexperience so he'll seem sweet and somewhat innocent but if you get him riled up he tends to let instinct take over and just like...rest in peace, his sexual partner's reproductive organs.	(( hey yknow  ida and vince should fu	// she'd die	others
2206	. You look much younger without the beard. :)	my face is so cold	Bless your heart. I imagine it is.	others
2207	How do I report a map issue? My drivers get sent to a locked back gate in my neighborhood every time!! No amount of texting/calling the drivers helps	We're so sorry about the trouble! We understand this can be frustrating and we definitely appreciate your feedback. To ensure we can thoroughly review the specific feedback about the maps in your area, visit us at .	Thank you! I have submitted a note with the issue	others
2208	It's a Winter Wonderland out there today!!! One perk of getting out to farms daily is the scenery! Always find the beauty in nature; even in it's fury n bluster!       PS: I was stopped when I took this pic @ 10am	Southwest Lambton County	Wow!!! It's scenery to me. Does look like your crops are off. Still beans n corn out around here.	others
2209	Nothing more awkward than walking up to a car thinking it’s your mates when it’s actually some random strangers	i mean it’s probs more awkward if you acc get in the car first lmao	Yeah that’s true, you are correct	others
2210	It's funny people think I'm majoring in Journalism because I love writing, that is true.. But.. The main reason is I just wanna interview Eminem one day.	Would you really be able to properly focus in an interview with that man? I dont think I could lol	Yes because I'll be a professional.	others
2211	Once again, no, self. We are not giving fancy vampire 6 vampire siblings just so we can make this book a series and name it after a Stone Temple Pilots song	yes more fancy vampires	*whispers* one of his brothers wears glasses just because he's a dork and thinks they make him look smart	others
2212	damn what i added hit the angst level up even more	SHUTSNDHSN	angst is good mari accept it	others
2213	my hands are shaking	Why baby :(	i just had to present	others
2214	Well it's so say hello to Chita. She lived to be 18. Though she was blind she knew the smells of fresh grass & the sound of birds. She passed away shortly after this video.. So when looking to adopt, senior cats make great pets too!	Goodbye Chita... you surely have met my princess Camilla there in Heaven...	Thank you Daniela..	others
2215	It would appear that sw dev has elevated testing (inspection) to piety if not deity thus it cannot be questioned. No progress can be made on quality whilst that pervades. I fully expect stoning and crucifixion...	We are about to enter a (hopefully temporary) period without a dedicated tester on the team. Maybe we will learn something.	Maybe. I’d venture that unless you try a new approach or substantively different you’ll learn what it is to have no tester with a test oriented process. Might not be useful but, who knows?	others
2216	I have to go to a baby shower for a co-worker...am I being tested?	One song comes to mind	I still don't want to go though	others
2217	Bitch.... he was 94	Lmao the right is literally a cult	She’s literally the dumbest person on the planet I love hate watching her	others
2218	Pete Shelley - rest in peace. Thanks for the tunes x	1981 - I wasn’t even born. Got your slippers on old man? Who is this guy?	Ever heard of the Buzzcocks, proper post-punk band with great 3 minute pop songs?	others
2219	Thank you Tonee	You are most welcome mate and lets do Jollibee soon before i leave for my holiday or maybe see you in manila.	I was hoping to have been back to London a few times but both shoots have been called off. At this rate, it'll probably be in Manila	others
2220	Gimme a T, gimme a O, Gimme a X, Gimme a I, Gimme a C, what does that spell? TOOXIICCCCC	Streamers should just be grateful that people are taking time out of their day to watch you play, regardless of how many people are watching. Interaction, subscribers etc etc is just a massive bonus.	Azzas always been a giant money hungry cunt dw ducky. He’s the classic example of someone who streams a lot for all the wrong reasons. Hence the low viewer/rating count.	others
2221	Here’s to hoping	Amazon says this releases next year	Many bookstores seem to have it, or are able to acquire it now! Worth a check	others
2222	“I want a cleaning lady”  *brens cheap ass*:	Tell him to get the new mopping roomba!! Lol my dad has a few and they’re really nice!	I’ve seen them!!! I think imma get one for the family for Christmas	others
2223	KERJA adalah Cinta yang Mengejawantah Gibran...	begadang...	G. Just insom bit	others
2224	Taliaferro's son wants answers	Where did she rope Ray into being married? Given dementia, did he fully understand what was happening?	I wish I could answer that for you	others
2225	im about to start wearing bras again look how pretty	my first fenty order just came in and it's all so good i almost cried	ugh i want all the purple stuff it’s so romantic	others
2226	Not red wine.	Ouch.	Total. At the in-laws', oops. Bits everywhere, including in the dog's fur	others
2227	Ayy uhhh trig common!	smh	i know right	others
2228	A big shout our for my birthday would be so sweet from all the artist who make my heart smile	Happy Birthday Anna!	Thank you so much	others
2229	I wanted to book a DA and Mother Nature barged in. Why pls?	Good	It will happen to you in future x	others
2230	Uh... Shh... - I only read the first Harry Potter, and didn't watch the movies.  - I think Tolkien is more boring than not (never mind the racism), and I write fantasy. - The sweet parts in romance novels make me cry.	I only watched the movies because my ex really wanted to at the time. Only read the 1st (out of a “what is this” curiosity) and Tolkien might as well be a brick.	I think we probably missed out on the pheom because we were too old when it came out.	others
2231	in honor of 90’s night here’s me shooting on Ron Hextall at the carnival. I literally said to him “i’m going for your five hole” and proceeded to miss all three shots. not much has changed tbh	Nice form tho	head up foot lifted, idk how I missed.	others
2232	Let's get Dart as the next hot compilation target for Kotlin.	Wow, the Android Despair... I haven’t looked into Flutter for a while, but when I was involved in Android Dev it seemed like some next shit. Do you think it‘ll be the future™?	I'm not hating on Android development, exactly. But I've been pretty enthusiastic about Flutter for the last 6 months or so. It's pretty delightful to play with.	others
2233	Played a couple of hours of Super Smash Bros and it's already in my top 5 games of the year, really do love the Nintendo Switch!!	Yay! I'm excited to get it!	I can see my Amiibo addiction starting up again	others
2234	......soooo how yall feeling about the grammy noms tomorrow i personally think ari deserves a little sumn	all I know is my tl is going light the fuck up	oh we BEEN knew i can’t wait	others
2235	if any of u know somebody exactly like frank ocean send them my way cus he’s fucking perfect.	we hsvevthe same bday is that close enough	ur a scorpiooooooooo :,,,,,,,,,,)	others
2236	did I miss Ashton following you I've been working shifts time and dates have no meaning to me anymore	nope babe don’t worry, he did back in 2016, but he liked 2 of my tweets 2 days in a row x	Congrats my darling, you deserve this all so much more sorry I'm late to this	others
2237	It’s time for Dr Harden’s annual Christmas quiz and there is chocolate at stake! Let the contest begin...	For which year group?	Y9 mainly but actually I find all year groups really enjoy it	others
2238	God I'm so tired and i haven't eaten anything since yesterday's lunch except for a cup of coffee and yogurt so that i do not faint lmao I better kms	kankai :( you have to take care!!! make sure to eat something and rest i am worried	I'm sorry for worring you ;; i just didn't have the time to cook but I've eaten don't worry	others
2239	why is MoviePass still sending me emails I cancelled ur service a while ago!!!	ugh SAME I’m getting them too I’m like fuck off	I have to rmbr to actually unsubscribe before I delete the email	others
2240	i just honestly want to know y’all thoughts.......	I agree with her. Everybody knows the risk of having sex. He knew what he wanted and he knew what would come with that.	that’s me! lol and exactly! don’t act like you ain’t know what it was.	others
2241	what do we think about some lotus sketches ?	i would literally get these tattooed omg i love these	thankyou! that’d be cool :)	others
2242	£50,000 To put me in the ICU over Christmas. People know you did it. The police give you a criminal record but you do not get jailed and your work give you a final written warning. When I come out the coma I become raging and violent around spaniels and attack them freely.	Easy	I predicted it	others
2243	Pretty much perfect pop. Pete Shelley RIP	Great record, bought it from Creases County Road	That's very evocative John!	others
2244	ooo free pin	"The ""How much I've spend on CSGO"" pin"	think every1 gets the pin if you had a account prior to the battle royale update	others
2245	Sounds about right	The best top five artists I’ve seen all day, that. Great work.	Thanks mate. My taste is famously outstanding. Surprised Death Cab didn't sneak in, been hammering their new one.	others
2246	Can I get some competition in ball? Cause can’t beat me	Send me one n take a quick L	Aite sayless	others
2247	I ate two slightly boiled apples with some cinnamon. I'm a bit drunk. My first time ever, don't do it.	Drunk of apple & cinnamon?	"Not deunk, but it feels weird it's a ""funny not ha-ha"" feeling"	others
2248	Canny believe it’s only 10 to 7. Thought it was at least 9 o’clock	watching too much geordie shore bbz	You know me, half geordie half nottinghamish	others
2249	The baby Jedi in Star Wars Episode 2 are so cute	Too bad they all get murdered by Anakin in one of the later movies	BRO THAT I WAS GONNA TWEET THAT WHEN IT HAPPENED	others
2250	I was just asked in an interview- “If you were a kitchen appliance, what would you be?” I answered- “I’d be a fridge because I always keep things fresh” Do you think they’ll hire me? I think they should.	Are you an appliance, Stove?	It’s the 1990’s. It’s civil rights.	others
2251	WAIT TO UPDATE WORDPRESS!	Ooooo what's going on?	A lot of plugins aren't ready and haven't been updated yet, so some parts of your site could break.	others
2252	I love comments like this! Golf has pulled me to all corners of the earth, which makes me feel incredibly grateful. And I’m so glad golf has inspired others to do the same	Nice to hear from you	I'm back!	others
2253	So Heaton is still in darkness 40 minutes later... what were you doing during the ?	Can't belive I'm missing this	Aw I know! it was going OFF on the chilli road community page	others
2254	Niggas paint labels so bad. Everything not a Birdman situation lmao	The niggas that paint em bad usually the niggas that using niggas	You loud	others
2255	y'a pas a dire, j'aurais du faire un paladin.	Moi actuellement:	allez bro, GO BERSERK !	others
2256	hello, i'm proud of my accomplishments this week  first, i successfully defended my thesis yesterday! the emotional breakdowns &self-doubt that i had had already paid off second, i got a 1.25 mark for my Field Study 4!  third, i am chosen as the top journalist for this sem	im proud of my baby!!!	aww, thank you, priz! i love youuu!	others
2257	I have to go to a baby shower for a co-worker...am I being tested?	One song comes to mind	Actually, she's pretty cool. She's upset that she can't get high anymore	others
2258	ween el cake ? ! or diet ? celebration without cake	صرت شايفة الدني كايك ما بقى إحمل	lik sa7teen .. bass ween ma piece of cake ? u ate them all .  Hope u have a birthday that's as special as u r!	others
2259	hold on, how tall are you all? i wanna see something	1,73 idjdjejjdje	you’re 20cms taller than me... i feel so smoL	others
2260	is this where you've been all these years? On Twitter?	Hiding from you	I'm telling mom	others
2261	Shalom Everyone!	Shalom is a Greek word of peace	Yup I know	others
2262	"My exact, vocal reaction to the gym dad at school pick up... ""Bitch, you know you're cold, strolling up to this school in 40 degree weather with your muscle shirt on. You're not Aquaman. We're not looking at you."" I said alone in my car. Lol"	But some of us LIKE the cold!	That's fair.	others
2263	Day 4 of a rest week. Anyone have any good hobbies I can get into? I’ve watched many movies, ate food and stretched a lot.	Gaming	That was the off-season, I’m gamed out now	others
2264	Why do I always feel I’ve been done over by	Hi Anthony, that doesn't sound good at all! What did you exchange your points for? What type of voucher was this & does it have any terms & conditions on it? Thanks. Kris	It was the double up rewards, I understood it as you had to claim them by the 18th not spend them. And they were handed to me (see image) so when I pulled back the first one it said the 29th so I assumed they were all that date.	others
2265	cool story. My family was part of the Vilnius uprising. Would be a better story if, I don't know, the rest of the world cared about genocide, or oppressed minority groups AND LET REFUGEES INTO THEIR COUNTRIES	Real refugees. Not those looking to take advantage of our generosity or bypass the line.	I don't know what your point is, a lot of people died in the holocaust because other countries wouldn't let them in. Even the US, even the UK. And also, fuck you. How dare you, how dare you blame jewish people during hanukkah. You're despicable.	others
2266	A big aha for me regarding psychological safety is that while we think of learning as a primarily cognitive task it is profoundly relational. Attunement and curiosity rather than indignation and certainty position us to learn from what other people are doing and saying.	Quite ....progress is achieved through learner realisation and anchoring to the learning event ...if the debrief is too absolute and critical then the leaner will anchor and imprint the unpleasantness of the debrief....	Such a great point!	others
2267	Ever fallen in love with someone you shouldn’t have fallen in love with?	Aye...  Myself...	A can relate	others
2268	What do you mean Yemen Army? Modern Yemen has never had an army for the people except an army to protect personal interests	Yes Yemen Army was abused and misused by various rulers. Saleh completely destroyed it, much like Assad weakened Syrian army so it could never remove him. aq	Yemen is a country where tribal oscillation rules. The army never represented the people. The rulers of Yemen build an army to serve them except maybe Ibrahim al hamdi. Abdorabo Mansoor is just as corrupt as saleh and even worse.	others
2269	Wow I’m so happy I passed my ASL final!!!!! :-)	Congrats!!	Thank you love	others
2270	I love comments like this! Golf has pulled me to all corners of the earth, which makes me feel incredibly grateful. And I’m so glad golf has inspired others to do the same	As someone who has gotten to travel all over, what’s the #1 course on your bucket list still left to play?	Cypress	others
2271	A better question is what the fuck is Lori doing on Twitter when there are chillins' to be raised and reared?! My God woman, know your place....	All of her kids are adults now so unfortunately she has all the time in the world to tell women how to live their lives online	Sounds to me like she's neglecting her grandmotherly duties.	others
2272	Imagine still getting triggered at KD’a decision 2 years later	Imagine getting triggered at grown men playing a game for a living	I can’t wait til Boogie comes back and you hear nothing but autistic screeching from Bronsexuals	others
2273	happy Pday champ	run my dominos! good lookin Phonk	Blood send the request	others
2274	If they do I'm on the pitch again	Fracturing more bones	Yeah why not	others
2275	Kinda ironic my most listened to artist via spotify this year ,Above and Beyond, was the only show I didnt enjoy in 2018.	Really??? Back in March?	Yeah! I was just hella disappointed that they didnt play several key tracks off their Common Ground album on the Common Ground tour. Most importantly Sahara Love being left out.	others
2276	Can we focus on the fact that Christmas is 20 days away? 20 DAYS AWAY YALL!!!!!!!	And I still don’t know what I want	I just want to pass my exams tbh	others
2277	It was let an idiot on Photoshop at work day Any actually designers want to give me some direction on what I should be doing? Yes, I’m currently looking at get back to the day job and leave this stuff to the professionals.	What’s the character limit these days?	1 GIF, go...	others
2278	Seeing national finals such as Eesti Laul and Melodifestivalen makes me so jealous. I bet	I think you find they did when they all cried out for Rylan to be a commentator, or when it was decided that OGAE should be involved in shortlisting the public-submitted songs.	Yeah but that won’t affect the UK’s results at to fuck up next year	others
2279	I apologize in advance! If this appears on your TL, you are legally obligated (I’d know, I’m becoming a lawyer) to reply with at least one picture of Jaebeom And reply with tags below if you haven’t voted today yet!	uwu	sooo squishy!!!!!	others
2280	Fuck this guy. He needs to be found.	They caught him already	Good. Hope he gets his inside!	others
2281	GUYS WHAT SHOULD I BUILD	TALLGEESE	SHIT I was gonna pick Wing because Tallgeese is my baby. Well regardless I'm building my HG Guncannon 2 first.	others
2282	You're not alone	You didn’t too?	I didn't	others
2283	It's poppn man!!!	What’s good, bo... Still working hard ??	Same ol same ol bro just taking it 1 day at a time! What's good on your end?	others
2284	Whats with this uk Somalis always making lies/talking down on the Somali community. Somali ppl r not anti-black, If anything there is anti-Somali sentiment.	Inferiority complex. She wants to be accepted by people who will never accept her.	It seems like a problem that uk Somalis/girls have. Ppl r making video taking down on Somali ppl n they don’t say anything, but make whole threads abt a couple tweets.	others
2285	Helluva job,	Great. She just lost her job.	A true Patriot, knowing she would and spoke up anyhow.	others
2286	"the Wikipedia description of this reads ""he separated the (9) women from the (50 approx) men and ordered the men to leave""  that fact haunts me still"	I didn't know anyone outside of Canada cared about this or knew about this. <3	i care deeply!!! it is soo horrific. much love to you xx	others
2287	Love how sky sports news hq keep mentioning WBA. Villa as top 2.. Yet not said owt about Forest form.    Keep it that way Underestimate us all you want.	"Sky hate Forest, always have done, whenever they show ""EFL Greatest Games"" they always show us losing"	That's so true.	others
2288	Any good ranked players on ? No bots	Im on smurf , got diamond just now ,Inv	2 mins	others
2289	so anyways the boss and strangelove and eva and fortune and sunny are the best girl characters in metal gear and i love all of them to death	Sniper Wolf erasure	I COULDNT FIT ALL OF THE GIRLS I LOVE	others
2290	my mom is sending me gifs of jihoon	me as a mom	I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY SKDHSJS she randomly sent me sf9 and the boyz mvs the other day	others
2291	Naw	Nah, outside the back door......maybe	Lazy	others
2292	Say what you want but Brussels sprouts are a marvel	I've got a lot of time, a lot of respect, for a wee brusky.	And now I will call them nothing but bruskies.. love it	others
2293	me n my baby boy	AAAAAAAA UR BOTH SO CUTE????	THANK U!!!	others
2294	someone save me please	i love you	i love u so much	others
2295	AN EXPIRED CERTIFICATE???? Holy actual fuckballs, that is astonishing.	What’s even more amazing is it seems to have taken them an entire bloody day to sort it out.	yeah, though you do have to wonder why O2 didn't have some kind of backup and redundancy in place.	others
2296	And we’re off to California!	Enjoy the travel	Thank you!!	others
2297	i luv corbyn so yeah	he loves u!	i love u so much omg	others
2298	you did not just seriously compare language that animals can't comprehend that doesn't even affect or harm them to racism, homophobia and ableism are you fucking kidding me	imagine being this deep end delusional	cant relate to being this much of a dumb bitch	others
2299	Great birthday, fortnight in Vietnam in March, fab curry at Thaal and now chilling with a cold glass of champagne with	Vietnam is absolutely beautiful m8	Can't wait mate, wanted to go there for years, we're gonna be staying in Phou Quoc with a 3 day trip to Saigon	others
2300	Louis the child this weekend ?	See you there ;)	I see you all the time without even planning to	others
2301	Lilie qui est heureuse pour moi ça fait vraiment plaisir et du bien	Because i love u	Ohhh bb	others
2302	If i see one (1) more tweet about youtube deleting views i'm going to explode seriously yall should stop	No one remembers my tea thread sigh..	Clearly, i'm so tired :((	others
2303	Fleur doing another trial makes ne wonder if she is desperate to win?	She’s a bit of a try hard I think eyeing up the prize	Yup the public don't seem to like that	others
2304	Putting gravy on pizza is not offensive.	It really is, though *lol*	What about fries on a pizza?	others
2305	"Ironic considering his ""career"" is built off the back of"	I'm glad I'm not the only one following this in the SRA Deji's genuinely lost all respect from me, out of order and doesn't seem to know when to stop	Following I see things and I know the history tbh, I wouldn't say 100% invested... But I lost a lot of interest/ respect for JJ when the Sidemen became a franchise But I never liked Deji and saw him simply jumping on the back of his brothers YouTube way back when	others
2306	Bless my brother	Can he buy me one?	LOL I’m sure	others
2307	I’ll get on you and that nigga	Better delete that before yo hoes get upset	Eat a Dick	others
2308	Thank you for your kind wishes following the news that I am to be replaced as the auctioneer. To be clear - this was not my decision. I was not invited to conduct . In cricket terms I have been dropped.	Hope you will be back for the next one!! Must say I am a big fan of yours	I am blessed to have so many fans. Thanks	others
2309	Some of my account features have been limited for saying the faggo word, sorry	Oh shit, you just said it again :0	Oh no	others
2310	Some hosts just bring out the very best in you. Thanks Daniel!!!	A GREAT SHOW!!! So excited I got to 'meet' Pat and Tamara	Can’t wait to meet you too, Donna!	others
2311	A free to play BR game that isnt RNG hmmmmmmm	the rng aspect of other BR games is the fact you never know what items you will get so this is the same no?	Rng sprays etc i meant	others
2312	i hate the word gig	i have a list of words i hate in english, and gig is def one of them	omg i love that for you, i always say i need to write one but i never do	others
2313	Honestly I’m shocked it wasn’t more.	59 hours? So you only listened to like 3 or 4 songs?	5 actually	others
2314	WHAT THE FUCK??? IS THIS REAL OR FANMADE I- HDJDNSK	Idk but I'm 100% shaking	mE TOO idk if it’s an old promo seeing the light again but I AM SHOOK ANYWAY	others
2315	Finally saw venom, holy SHIT that film was good.	Dislike	You liked your own tweet “dislike” how do I like that?	others
2316	theres only 3 bitches I’m going pick up even w/o asking for gas money .	ik i better be one of them .	not even a question.	others
2317	Want to hear a joke? The Genoa Cricket and Football Club.	I wondering when you would show up and show yourself Vito! Seriously though Entella played out of their skin and fully deserve the win!	I am happy for Entella. It has been a tough few months for them and I like it when these Serie C clubs spring a surprise.	others
2318	Thanks youtube rewind for making this evenings timeline be filled with race debates	Imagine actually watching that shit	I have to	others
2319	That cover is going to piss off a lot of people on the internet, and cause a lot of controversy, I can already tell.	Javy racist ass already not copping because it has black people in it	Ain’t he black?	others
2320	Ahí van. Caminan arrastrando el hambre, pensando en la próxima vez que puedan comer algo. Caminan arrastrando la pesada carga de las enfermedades que no pueden curar. Ahí van, miran al suelo pensando que no hay otra vida, que no hay salida, ni hay futuro	¿Por qué me estrujas el corazón así, Capriles?	Sorry not sorry.	others
2321	Tried last night to eat pizza bones that a squirrel brought into our yard, but was forcibly carried inside. This morning some bones were still there. She confiscated them before my eyes! I was robbed!— Scooter	Smart skuirrels you got round dare	We don’t know why they didn’t eat them. Were very kind to leave some for me.	others
2322	YouTube rewind manages to get worse every year.	Not watched yet how bad is it	I recognised 5 people maybe? And then they had some SJW Agenda bullshit push in the middle of the video. Fuck right off.	others
2323	i’m have horrible flight anxiety	Yo I am the same way and I flew like 32 times since the start of 2017. Most of it is TSA lol.	i just feel like something is gonna happen and we’re 30,000ft in the air i’m literally freaking out about to get on this 5 hour	others
2324	I think Gowdy (your guy) said that there would have been an investigation regardless of the Mostly proven true Steele dossier.	More of the dossier has been corroborated. Lol. The Dossier has never been shown to have false information in it. IJS	Well judging by your lack of evidence to disprove I think it will work just fine. Also facts are going to hold up well with Trump ( he can’t even remember lies from half truths) you should find a better Conman.	others
2325	It's so perfect and snowy right now I wish I had a best friend that lived two doors down so we could go out and play. Everybody here is too old to play anything...and they are all at their stinking jobs. Rotten stinkin no fun adults.	Head to Joel’s and snowball him in the face	oh man I would love that....maybe I will just go ring the door bell and bombard him when he opens it. He loves that sort of fun.	others
2326	Also, LOVED how my account was limited but y'all let my friends send me money just so you COULD KEEP IT??????	Maybe setting up a GoFundMe will help?	I will look into it but last time I tried to set up a GoFundMe It didn't let me bc I live in Venezuela	others
2327	syd is a porn dealer. that’s all.	TALAYAH I JUST FUCKING SAW THIS WHAT THE FUCK AGAHAHAHAHAHDBDNKSDHKSBDANAB	HAHAHAHHAAH DID I LIE THO!?????	others
2328	I know I shouldn’t even bother straightening my hair with this rain but the last couple days I wanted to look cute fucking fail bye	I bet you still look cute, angry, but cute.	lol I’m feeling your sarcasm Mr!!!	others
2329	All I can do is pray and let god handle it	It's coming Bro just be patient	Appreciate it	others
2330	well well well, won’t you look at the time it’s    12  11 ^ 1  10 | 2 9 ⊙----> cry again over  8 4 mark’s graduation   7 5 o’clock  6	Staph	how do I keep going i’m so weak	others
2331	I’m so unemployed I’m considering getting my paper round back	Hahahahaha Ashleigh I feel this so much	I’m glad I’m not the only one	others
2332	Not liking Kpop music ≠ Xenophobia ahaha such a typical response from a stan	"Not xenophobia, but he did call K-Pop bad music. That's like saying ""I don't like classical music so it's bad""."	I know, I'm just saying it isn't xenophobia, we agree, the stan is just very uneducated on the topic (as you've also pointed out)	others
2333	the Lannister’s burning pls don’t say sike	lmao rip	I’ll bring the marshmallows	others
2334	Ahh MC you cooning? Smh	I been a coon, keep up	and I was stanning you smh	others
2335	just trying to be the next —>	I swear I've already got a job for you as soon as you can leave the state	thats what i need to hear blood	others
2336	Tonight	ilyy	More & I miss u	others
2337	Omg it’s here it’s so cute bsidjend they look smol and adorable im	OH MY GOD HOW CUTE ARE THEY	SO FXXKING CUTE	others
2338	was there any interest from WCW when the British Bulldogs left WWF in 88? Would have loved to have seen Bulldogs vs Midnight Express.	Bulldogs vs. Midnights. Bulldogs vs. Horsemen. Bulldogs vs. Road Warriors.	All dream matches. What could have been.	others
2339	this bitch only wears black	YOURE SO CUTE!!___	THANK U ILY____	others
2340	you’ll never be hokage	FUCK YOU EDDIE YES I WILL	I’ve been bamboozled	others
2341	Who want these hands in Madden or 2k free hands	You ain’t touching me in 2k	What’s yo gamer tag I’ll buss you with the wizards	others
2342	I’d like to see what you’d do. So you’ve been to toilet and used the last of the toilet roll. Do you get a new toilet roll out ready for the next person or not?	No way, that there, is the next persons job! What am I, a Saint?	I’m testing you all! To see the sincerity here. I always change even a service station’s loo roll or ask for more if I’ve used it	others
2343	someone save me please	WHAT, WHATS GOING ON?!	I was having a panic attack	others
2344	Kdkdkskwlsid et après on me demande encore pourquoi je l’aime si fort	T’ES TROP BELLE uwu Je t’aime fort aussi bebou	*crying chakal tears*	others
2345	Sent an email 15 days ago regarding my online order 1100361809. No response yet :( Could you please look into it?  Columbia TBD590 is losing all the filling.	Hi there. We see here that CP Tracking states that this item was delivered on 2018/10/31. If this is not accurate, can you please send us a DM so we can further investigate? ^NB	I sent an email about returns. I was referring to that.	others
2346	Bone met the Grinch today! H*cking unsure don’t worry buddy even the Grinch likes dogs!	Oh my gosh! His face though priceless	He’s like who the heck is this	others
2347	I’m so over my head and irritated for the day! That I’m going to make myself something before I leave from work todayAnd it’s something I have never done before nor anyone would expect for me to do Wish me luck in hopefully not loosing my job because of this today	What's up and what can we do to support you?	Pango! You can support by praying for me in this moment that hopefully everything goes well Because I’m going in and do the inevitable	others
2348	Great seeing you Dave, great catch up, great food and company. We've come a long way in 5/6 years, both	You’re a top example of how to get best from twitter	It helps to have good support, great customers and amazing friends and family.	others
2349	Sugimoto, Ogata, Tanigaki:	S I M	I SEE YOU ARE A WOMAN OF CULTURE AS WELL	others
2350	I'm not ready to pitch yet, but it is incredibly motivational to see all these stories looking to be heard. Good luck to everyone today, I offer you all my love and support.	Thank you!! Thank you for the retweet.	Best of luck! Your story sounds fantastic, and I love Pan's Labyrinth so I'm looking forward to reading it.	others
2351	She gets prettier every time on my tl	PLS I LOVE U	UGH I DONT DESERVE IT	others
2352	An ass whipping in three parts:	Could the guy be right at all? I am no paleontologist. I’m just curious.	Nope.	others
2353	knew better or forever boy?	forever boy wbk	i’m a knew better girl but forever boy is still a bop	others
2354	"Hey . Can I be on the next season of ""Ugly Delicious""? I don't like tomatoes, but we can work around that."	Hey and I curse as much as you fucking do.	Maybe Brian and I can work out our differences and both be on the show.	others
2355	Voodoo pasta for a customer I’m at it earlyyyyyy	What’s voodoo pasta? Looks yummy	3 meat red pepper spicy pasta	others
2356	What a privilege it would be for a little mutt you like to eat my shit directly from the source fresh, hot and sweet.	Yes!! I’d cum hard!! You do big sloppy ones?	I’ve had some phenomenal sloppy shits, send me a tribute, maybe I’ll share them with you.	others
2357	I remember it	I was gonna respond with something funny but I forgot	Loser	others
2358	Anyone got experience with BSD?	I know some people who might know a bit in a telegram group	Mostly I'm just trying to figure out how to start friggin' KDE in FreeBSD. XD	others
2359	wow, 18 players	This ain't it chief	it's 16 players in solos	others
2360	did anyone watch the yt r*w*nd... how cringey was it this year	i almost died & threw up	omg i’m gonna watch it even though i KNOW i’ll hate it.....one of my irls watched it and messaged me cos she was like oh they mention bts and kpop! and i was immediately like	others
2361	I tell you what, I’ve just seen that challenge Ben mee put in on gomez and it was a fucking brilliant old fashioned challenge! No way is that a foul. FUCK OFF klopp u ugly cunt	HAHAHAHA	You must be a little boy still with your clubs badge as your profile picture	others
2362	Face reveal?	Oh yeah	You don't know what I look like? I swear you were in the gc	others
2363	Is there a browser plugin to show me a cat instead of the image attached to that story going around about the guy who almost literally coughed up a lung?	I just googled this because I am the worst	I'm sorry!	others
2364	Really	We'd like a chance to look into this with you! Please provide your order and contact inforamtion here: . ^DD	Sent!	others
2365	ok i miss you HELLO	hi summer 16 was my most listened song of the year your welcome xo	i love you	others
2366	All my bills gotta to this weekend so someone give me money to buy smash ultimate as a late bday gift lmao	what’s ur Venmo I’ll donate to the cause	I only have the cash app	others
2367	It have people on here don't even know there is a KFC on the corner of Duke and Charlotte St.	Right next to alis pharmacy. I sure it have level kfc in trinidad (south) u doh know bout. Was your point?	was a response to the most ghetto KFC thing but.....I was mainly referring to people who frequent POS	others
2368	lamelo ball is the best basketball player in the country	You’re sleep he’s terrible	yea AIGHT he’s averaging like 20 a game on one of the nations best teams	others
2369	If I delete this account you'd all move on	Never	Yes you would	others
2370	Disneyland is decorated for Christmas time now, sonyhe real questions is who’s trying to go	I’m going sat wanna come	I have to study all weekend, but if you go any other time let me know!	others
2371	has any missing person been found from a retweet yet?	Yess if you look In comments they be saying they found em	that don’t mean it was because of the retweet though playa lol	others
2372	It is very much at an affordable price and trust me you will never regret it	Thank you	Issorite ma. Surely u will make big sales	others
2373	QAnon believers are some of the weirdest fuckers I swear	they just followed me, I blocked them even before I saw this	Sorry bout that. Ugh, that probably means he followed Isa and she's asleep. I hope he doesn't creep too much on her before she gets up	others
2374	Bad habit	how did your app allow you to take screenshot?? you lucky... my nedbank one doesnt.	I don't know hey. But also my Capitec doesn't allow me to take screenshots	others
2375	what do you call a mexican baptism	Bautizimo	a bean dip	others
2376	Really fed up of issues with o2 and need to leave! Anyone got experience with	Choose us, Darth we'd love for you to come join our family you can find all our awesome deals here	Definitely giving it a look!	others
2377	Wait Fox News is still on strike? They haven’t tweeted since 11/8/18 what’s going on	Robert Mueller?	How is mueller related to Fox News Twitter?	others
2378	Amalfi coast meet Erin's living room.	Oh I love it....pics!!	Will do. Gonna paint tomorrow. I work today lol	others
2379	good morning everyone on twitter dot com I LOVE JAEHYUN	goodmuthafuckinmorning! have a gif of your boyfriend with bad hair and that little dimple you like.	U REMEMBERED MY FAV PART AND FOUND A GIF OF IT	others
2380	Um why big BOY pants and not big GIRL pants..is this saying girls are weaker????????? I’m oFfEnDed	Our friendship ends here	Don’t come texting me then when you got tea to spill	others
2381	My friends decided that I am basically TMZ	That was self proclaimed by you last night...	Ok yea wait  I said I was TMZ and they agreed*	others
2382	If we got attackers that are better than me, I'll drop back. Why is it always the deadest ballers that don't wanna play in defence though???	LOOOOOOOOL talk your shit. You've had enough innih	Wallahi I was meaning to call you to vent it all out I'm tired man	others
2383	Thanks!! But no eng sub??	jpn dvds come with no eng subs unfortunately :<	I perfectly understand!! Thanks for sharing this with us	others
2384	I have a mass on my rib cage and I refuse to go to the doctors for it bc I don't want the news I think I'm gonna receive...	Pleaseee go get it checked out before it’s too late!! The sooner the better	I'm just gonna get removed so I don't have to know what it is	others
2385	Niggas who send threats to girls are straight pussy BIG FACTS!!	I bet it’s yo dumbass with that BB gun	Nah never that we don’t beef with girls on this side we respect and protect them	others
2386	Which one is the best?	i like the bottom two best but i cant decide which >.< honestly i love them alllll	Yeah I like bottom left personally but I think top right might be better for an avatar cuz it’s a simpler design	others
2387	Where are my followers??	Any giveaway	Yes we are going to have a giveaway soon.	others
2388	got to see my baby in daylight for once and it's like nobody ever even hit me ;o;	"1. I love your plate 2. That ""𝙸"" is fancy as hell"	thanks!! and yeah, Delaware does Is weird to distinguish them from 1 at a glance.	others
2389	Hello	Hi! You can build them from any starbase with a shipyard now. Isn't the one in the outlier on the right equipped with one?	Okay thanks ! I’ll try tomorrow (because i think i need sleep uhm). And great, GREAT game by the way. ;)	others
2390	20:02	ari fas fotos precioses	ala m'ha tocat deep :-(	others
2391	look, i am trying ok	this is a good tweet and i will hear nothing else	not everyone can be funny and smart! I guess I'm just one of the lucky ones	others
2392	Me as soon as someone‘s mentioned the derby this week.	"Started new job this week. Every single person there is a kopite. Christmas night out tonight, ""so I hear you're an evertonian googleyecat"" effing hell I can't even eat in peace."	I definitely would of gone down the ‘I don’t really follow them though, is Moyes still in charge?’ Completely kill any derby chat.	others
2393	Do you all like... actually like me or am I just that bitch who’s always talking and you have no choice but to acknowledge	I like you!	I like you too!	others
2394	Rene ain’t had a good, bad or any dream for that matter, in months lmao all them damn dream catchers on her wall	Lmfaooo I be waking up like	Lmao I bet every wake up feels like you came back from death	others
2395	anyway goodnight i hate young justice and m*nji because they're annoying and distressing to me	goodnight love	i hope you slept well but reject your photo	others
2396	both of them ugg asab	It’s the same person	I know	others
2397	I need this anxiety to go away so I can rest . I’m an optimist, I’m not used to this feeling	You okay?	Yeah just feel anxious & I keep worrying about stuff	others
2398	Why am I such a big baby? I wish I can go to work with him.	Damn you got it bad!! That dick must be good	Oh it definitely is. But its other things too. Hes super sweet and an asshole at the same time. Drives me crazy but amazes me. lOL	others
2399	oh yay agents liked my pitmad pitch!! I'll query them! They're going to read my book! ... ... oh no.... they're going to read my book.	Your pitch was awesome! You got this. Sending good vibes!	THANK YOU!! I AM SHAKING WITH NERVES	others
2400	i’m really bout to get back on this light skin nigga wavethese dark skin niggas be having me fucked up	you ain built	& here you go !! i already done told you bout coming in & out my damn life	others
2401	The French workers are shifting this debate! Carbon taxes won't stop a climate catastrophe, we need action that targets the profits of the fossil fuel companies and uses that wealth to invest in renewables. Enough of market mechanisms that have failed for 3 decades	You do realise that target to make Ireland carbon neutral by 2035 is more extreme than Macron's 2050 target?	We don't plan on doing it by taxing ordinary people cutting wealth tax, dismantling thousands of miles of railways and enriching the top 5% of society. That's what macrons plans do.	others
2402	this bitch only wears black	just gorgeous	i love you :,)))	others
2403	Santa may not be “real”, but losing Santa surely is. We lose our belief in the obviousness of goodness, the obviousness of true generosity, the obviousness of magic. ~ by Kara Post-Kennedy  Such a great blog for today:	oooh, that was a heartbreaker. I don't think my son has completely recovered. Me neither!	Ugh. I can only imagine that moment as a parent!	others
2404	Looooool only the realists know about this film	LMAO I've never finished it	It’s so fucked	others
2405	The last three days have been a case study in ignoring noise and keeping things in perspective. Also, know your enemy. Kept mkt at arms distance. Held fast today but no new buys even with the rally. Closer look tonight.	That was it today! Solid afternoon rally.	. Can’t bless a bullish bias yet but certainly constructive. I need a closer look tonight.	others
2406	happy birthday bud :}	I havent seen this smiley before and I like it a lot	it was a typo but lets just pretend it's a special birthday smiley	others
2407	damn look at grayson tho	What's that from	james tweeted it	others
2408	FINISHED MY LAST PAPER AT 3AM, UP BY 7AM, TURNING IT IN BY 1:15PM!	Turning up until 1:15A?	Nope, going to sleep early like a grandpa!	others
2409	Things I have learned this week: I deeply love transcribing.	Only with a foot pedal.	I have one, but haven’t tried it yet. The last time I did transcription, though, it was the 90s and I was working with a micro cassette recorder, so anything is better.	others
2410	Real pleasure to talk today to secondary heads of English in Hertfordshire. Thanks for your welcome.	The pleasure was ours - and now you can add exceptional 'raffle prize picker' to your talents and skills too!	I'll put it on my CV. It really was a pleasure. Such a positive (and festive!) atmosphere. Thanks again for inviting me.	others
2411	Whatever you think of her otherwise,	Would be amazing if brought an audio recorder to these things.	I'd settle for just getting the session agendas and other materials public to start! On their web page, you can see a list of every congress critter who has ever attended the program, but not what they are taught.	others
2412	Kings Bay Roleplay  Join Our Discord :  Sign up at our forum site :  Extra tags : @ZorbixGraphics	That game look lit no cap	Thanks for the support! We're a family here.	others
2413	U know what ... I really wanna improve my english. It feel sucks when you not very good at it	Why don't you try downloading some apps that'll help you?  Or read some books	I’m starting with reading some books rn . I had bought some english books so that i can read them when i have free time . Anyway thanks for the idea	others
2414	so .... ive officially left the little mix fandom.....	wait what	yeah i left the fandom... but i still stan them	others
2415	"Did she just say ""they piss champagne"""	The shade	She's mad pissed. They won't get off her dick	others
2416	So how awful is the YouTube Rewind this year	That as awful as the game awards will be	Let's not go that far.	others
2417	I had the perfect gap@of time	dtla needs to stop playing and get an in n out smh I NEED ANIMAL FRIES	Lmfao i had to slide while sta was sleep and it wasn’t raining. It was soo good.	others
2418	Cheers Ellen! I didn't use to like beer, but thankfully I took my own advice!	I don’t like beer generally but I do love your shop. Got a great book on historical Sheffield pubs for my father in law from you guys two weeks ago. Keep up the good work!	Yep, a brilliant book that, Ellen. have done a great job with it. There's a beer for everyone, you know. We just need to find yours. :-)	others
2419	Is that.....3G I see.....almost there lads	I've still got nothing... GiffGaff have reassured me it'll be alright by morning!	It’s painful now	others
2420	I wish I would go to a bachelorette party and they doing this shit... I would walk right outttttt	What if it was Mr. Kaloko doing it?	bitchhhhhhhh...... then I’m all for it	others
2421	Thank you	Thank you	Damn u win. U were probably with me for at least 15 of my hours.	others
2422	my film piece Ghar will be screening as part of an art film storytelling evening curated by Khaled Hakim at 1 Hoe St, E174SD on Fri 7 Dec, 7pm onwards...all welcome	Would really like to see this!	Come by - 1 hoe st, walthamstow for 7pm start - many artist film installations and live performance pieces	others
2423	Went to to coke store last night and was kinda excited until i got there and it was not what I expected at all	Details sir	It was the wrong kind of coke	others
2424	The only thing that provides me with a bit of comfort, knowing what is about to happen, is that Martino will have Gio, Elia, and Luca to hug and care for him	and Filippo too	Yep, although I do think Martino's bond with the boy squad is way stronger and it is much more likely they are the ones he turn to first	others
2425	y’all rlly aren’t ready 4 this	hehe i love you	i <3 you	others
2426	I'm literally blown away how we all have been making fun of what could happen on YT rewind, as a joke, then and... it all happened. For realsies.	They would never do...oh they just did.	It's honestly amazing how predictable this shit is.	others
2427	There doesn’t need to be a reason you express yourself, expression is the reason.	Yeah but the LSD helps.	Ok so that’s very true but like ouch	others
2428	Come to find out, I’m actually like, really good at yodeling.	videos or it didn’t happen	10 likes and I’ll post it	others
2429	could right do wi a pint of carling	You are such a man	Bring some cans to urs tomoz boo x	others
2430	Is there any issues reported in the LE67 area? I’ve had no 2G/3G or 4G data since last night I have data left on my usage. Just doesn’t seem to be connecting??	Sorry Jess, we're aware of an issue. Our technical teams are working on the issue with high priority. Apologise for any upset caused by this.	That’s okay guys, thanks for the update! fingers crossed all fixed soon	others
2431	ok bitches who wants to see Waitress then	Yes but depends when and if I can plan that far ahead!	ok. think first preview is expensive. think next few shows aren't too bad. depends what you're after. i like raw previews, like, raw	others
2432	y’all my merch supposedly came but it’s not here wtf ?	Mine comes in on the 8th I think	is this just like a thing that happens or?	others
2433	ARTIST Hello! I am looking for new twitter artist folks and i would like to be friends! Share your art below so i can see your master peices! RETWEET if you are a artist and follow! And i follow back asap!  LETS GROW THIS COMMUNITY	Hello !!!! Here's some of my art <3	AAAA SO PRECIOUS JUST LIKE U!	others
2434	i know a girl lol	@ her tho	na i’ll dm her @ name to you lol	others
2435	That went a lot better already and made stage 5. I am guessing this is maybe the easiest Metal Slug, with all the slowdown, which honestly doesn't bother me any. Just having tonnes of fun with it.	The final area is a grind.	Don't tell me fifth is the final area Probably won't bee too long before I get Metal Slug 3 or 4 as getting a new one reminded me just how awesome these are. Had maybe played the first a bit too much already.	others
2436	5 meeting day: completed Always Cheating Advice Shop: open We're opening up a special mini-edition of the Always Cheating Advice Shop. 100% accurate answers to your dilemmas for the next 15 minutes starting...now.	Do you think taking a hit to replace Pereira with Kolasinac/Trent is reasonable? Can't imagine Leicester keeping a clean sheet and the two I've listed play great offensive football.	I just don't think it's worth it, Arsenal can't keep CSs and Trent has a difficult fixture coming up	others
2437	Do you agree with this dad making his daughter making walk 5 miles to school for getting banned from the bus for bullying for a second time?	Full disclosure, didnt read the article. Have no problem with making her walk 5 miles but whats the point of video/pics? Discipline your child, dont publicly shame them.	Discourse with other parents I guess. I’m not sure I would have posted it.	others
2438	Quantum duplicates appearing again. Gosh darn I missed all the fun.	is that weird and unusual for you?	Not really, I disappear for times and miss stuff. I'm used to evil clones and quantum duplicates.	others
2439	I got bored LOL	There is no way ur fingers do that	It’s my arm	others
2440	Just an ordinary baking day or so I thought until	Just another ordinary day Val. You should have had a copy of your fabulous new book propped up in the background!	I missed an opportunity never mind if anyone would like a copy they can go to	others
2441	Bless my dad! He has given me my very first comic today & It happens to be Archie He knows I'm a massive fan of so thought I would enjoy it (which I did) Honestly it was a great read  I'm on the hunt for some more now x	yay!	Crazy to think it was issued in 1971 & it's still brilliant to this day	others
2442	Excited to be joining such an impactful organisation! Looking forward to getting stuck into the work.	I have had the pleasure of serving on a board with Ian. In my opinion, he is stellar. Ian, I wish you good luck in your new role. Best wishes,	I learned from the best! Thank you so much for your kind words and best wishes Niamh, hope you are well.	others
2443	Manchin throwing coal under the bus, AGAIN, and stabbing WV voters in the back, as he sides with leftist environmentalists. ⁦⁩ Joe Manchin Surprises Everyone By Coming Out Against Trump’s Energy Regulator Pick.	There you go West Virgina. A trogan horse.	Those who didn’t see this coming should be ashamed.	others
2444	"What do you think will be the incident that gets you arrested?  For me it'll probably be punching someone in a car park because they've parked in an accessible space without a blue badge because as they always say ""I'll only be a minute for fuck sake""."	Punching someone who’s abusing animals or children	Oh that too. I've come very close (that's how I ended up with Mimi the worst cat in the world)	others
2445	how do you make a pop album in 2018? how do you roll one out when it's done? does anybody even know what they're doing? (no.)	Hold up a second... YOU talked with Zara??	it's the gag of the season	others
2446	Yeah this shit became very random again lmao	Surprised The Weeknd isn't there	some of his songs are in my top 100 but I don't listen that much of him	others
2447	i love you all but also i'm losing my mind	Oh hey same	it's entirely too much, i'm about to get a migraine	others
2448	I guess struggling in the news industry is more Spiderman’s schtick but did DC ever do a comic where Superman and Lois Lane have to deal with the Daily Planet pivoting to video?	Whazzup, dawgs! It's ya boy-ee CK1 here with some hot new content about the new Star Wars trailer. Be sure to mash like or subscribe!	Clark Kent and Lois Lane hosting a podcast.	others
2449	full ppr Jared cook or Dante pettis Wr/the spot.	Cook unless Goodwin out	Felt the same. Much obliged! Have an awesome day!	others
2450	Didn't puke tonight but I fell in love...till we meet again Becca from holland	uh oh. wait till you meet the old, wide oriental man that kind of looks like you and tells you a similar story to yours when he was around your age and tells you to follow her.	He's not a her...but if you're out here Gabe lets link up! You seem to know my predicament	others
2451	FUNNY THURSDAY Thursdays are godawful. Send me up to 3 of your or a friend's funniest tweets from this week, and let's liven it up. Contest closes in 12 hours time.  Likes and RTs up for grabs. Winner gets a TL crawl. Go!	Thank you went for a festive theme	Lots of folks are. Can't think why.	others
2452	Zionists aren't Jews and they mistreat Jews who aren't Zionist.	Zionism is the right of the Jewish people to self determination in their ancestral homeland! You don’t understand that! So you spread lies that Zionists are not Jews! Your lies diminish you & expose you as a true visceral ignorant antisemite!	. It is a national socialist movement that exploits distortions of Hebrew Scripture and Israelite tradition. It is entirely anathema to the Hebrew faith. Most of us were content to obey the instructions to love each other under gentile governance.	others
2453	i got such good taste in fcs/inspiration for my canon characters she’s so hot	GOD I LOVE DEVON	god i knwo..... shes licherally one of the most beautiful women i’ve ever seen	others
2454	Oh, hello Birthday Cold. I've been expecting you.	Well, happy future birthday. At least you are on land for it. I was under the ocean form most of mine the last 6 years	Wow, naval submarine?	others
2455	Such a beautiful story. And the puppy-daddy is gorgeous.	Supercute!!	Hey gorgeous! Just FYI that it's been on my to-do list to email you for the past 3 weeks. XD Need to get some new bookmarks designed. How are you going? Loving all your original crafts. You clever chick.	others
2456	Isn't this the same Julian Assange who said he'd leave the embassy if Chelsea Manning's sentence was commuted?	Would you walk out knowing that the U.S. wants your head on a platter and after the Foreign Secretary has stated that the police would give you a warm welcome?	I mean, I don't say things I don't mean, and I don't make promises just for the sake of attention. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯	others
2457	Bien sûr le samedi matin pour bloquer ce ptn de lycée y’aura personne hein	logique	On a 2 ou 1 heure ?	others
2458	My thoughts on Kylo’s ultimate fate in Episode IX sure have changed from this time a year ago.	There's no going back, but maybe just maybe you can have a redemptive death.  He did want to be like Darth Vader, after all.	So I’m not exactly on board with a redemptive death because that word is loaded. What I want is a realization and acknowledgement that he’s done wrong and then sacrificing himself helping the Resistance win. I think redemption is something you should have to work for, not die for	others
2459	I must annoy Luis so much, but he deserves it so whatever	I most definitely do not deserve it but I love you so whatever	i love you too	others
2460	Bird ass bitches: Exhibit A	You a damn bird picking on women then get upset when they defend themselves LMFAOOO.	I am upset because you didn't defend yourself. I don't care about being right or wrong I just wanted to hear your point when I realized you didn't have one and weren't capable of coherent intellectual conversation I decided to mock you because stupid people are a plague	others
2461	What is Google doing with seven messaging apps???  How did they get there??	Thought it was just Hang out?	okay, see why I am shouting here?	others
2462	Kasih gua saran ava kenapa si	nih	Mantep	others
2463	Logan Thomas calling	I have that one	Ok well i tried lol	others
2464	am i the only person who feels like lana doesn’t even make sad music? y’all swear up and down her music is so depressing but i never get it	I'm a sad girl	ok but like she has sad songs but i never associate her music as being sad	others
2465	fuck the bay area promoters for making me choose between seeing Rezz and Liquid Stranger's only downtempo set of 2018 for new years eve. honestly. if i didn't already have fam coming to the bay area for rezz i would go to liquid in a heartbeat. space dad and space mom....	ugh is it for real the 31st???	yeah dude. fucking ROUGH	others
2466	It's a Thursday, I'm so niceeeeeee	Nice where?	I just got home, my ass don't wanna sleep	others
2467	Assumption time!	oh my, spill!	yeah but uuuuuuuuuuuuh	others
2468	Ha ha.	Pornography is not allowed on Twitter.	I saw this first as a notification where I couldn’t tell what it was referring to and thought, “Oh gosh, what have I done now?”	others
2469	I can honestly say that I’ve missed seeing Kawhi at his best. So glad he’s back man	Ayyy your clippers looking lit	You’re being sarcastic but I don’t even care because you’re 4th	others
2470	shifty is mine.	shifty is mine	Hear me out, it’s OURS	others
2471	this why i need to learn how to tumble. so i could do shit like this	Easy!	till i end up in the hospital. i’ll continue doing cart wheels lmao	others
2472	It's apparent we need a forward. Mitrovic or Calum Wilson would probably do decent jobs and know about the physicality of the Premiership. Morata is technically gifted but a total wimp when things get tough	Wouldn't mind Icardi if he was available	Looks Good, but I think after Morata we need someone with proven Premier League experience. Costa was a massive exception. Morata was totally bullied last night	others
2473	It's not perfect, this is my first attempt, but I hope you like it anyway!	“It’s not perfect” Never before has such a talented person been so modest	Ahah I'm not modest, I just said the truth u_u	others
2474	Lmao In class I basically got bullied by a classmate cause I like fortnite and COD. As well as liking rdd so I can’t like any video games sorry folks	i bully u for like fortnite	Yeah but it’s okay cause it’s u	others
2475	Bitch I'm the man	Hoe I'm the man	You know I'm the man	others
2476	this wasn’t fair y’all. i tweeted 400 times and got locked out once for this. pls do another one idc if they are nosebleed seats some of us who actually put their whole hour into this wanna go so bad	they really did us dirtyim so mad I have never tweeted that much in my life	deadass I tweeted like 400 ish times I was here wasting my time when I could have been helping my mom on sumn uhhdhdhdw	others
2477	Jesus...the grim reaper himself gives a pack of pasta for the poor. Inhuman. Putrid. Nasty man pushing food banks over proper welfare & proper wages genuinely lifting people out of poverty.	I will not shop in Tesco again ..why on earth are they giving these evil psycho's publicity?	Complain to Tesco's HQ. It's the only way. Disgusting....	others
2478	The US involvement in is unconstitutional and unauthorized, our engagement in this war should be restricted to providing desperately needed humanitarian aid and diplomatic efforts to resolve it  . Call you senate to vote to end US involvment in	Great speech	Of course it's	others
2479	THANK YOU	it’s still deaky because deacy doesn’t sound right in my head	You’re a loser	others
2480	NASA calls this heavens gate. God’s creation is amazing	Umm, that was a suicide cult. Maybe not the best name they could've gone with. lol	Ugh That’s nasty	others
2481	my ex crush told me i had a amazing personality that anybody can instantly love but then she deadass said if i was a guy she’d give me a chance... ooof that shit hurted	lmao i hate when they always pull if you were a guy i would date you card	its a whole ass mess they really say it to with their whole chest	others
2482	Maybe she just go ahold of a batch of bad weed	that batch been strong all year	she just learned to inhale so it finally kicked in :(	others
2483	So, apparently I have Coccydynia! No clue wtf I’ve done but the pain is so severe. Went to the dr who prodded all my orifices...lovely...then announced that I’ve injured my tail - I’m a pain in the arse. I’m not pooping til it’s gone cos it’s agony..TMI? Whatever!	Oh ouch! That is sooooo painful. Hope you feel better soon	Thank you xx	others
2484	When a guy with a profile pic of a penis sends me a message that is “hidden due to suspicious content”, I’m pretty confident I can guess what the star of his mystery photo will be.   Good morning Twitter.	Question if someone whips out their “D” in public it is a crime. Why the hell is an unsolicited one not? Just asking.	I’ve said this myself!!! Excellent point.	others
2485	favorite tv show — hanniball!! but i love friends, modern family, new girl, family guy, supernatural and moreee	fav supernatural charakter auf 3	castiel	others
2486	Update to all Blizzard Irvine employees: apparently it’s called “rain”, which is a noun meaning “water falling in drops condensed from vapor in the atmosphere.” I know it’s weird but don’t panic, it shouldn’t stain and won’t hurt our dogs.	The jobs site promised me SUNNY California not this RAIN thing.	Every voice matters and we appreciate your feedback. Our jobs site is currently updating weather patch 3.2, please check back tomorrow promised sunshine.	others
2487	Had to retweet this again because I am cryingggg	I’m glad I’m not the only one dying at it	Listeeennnn had a full on laughing fit in here	others
2488	Bitchhhh	Just to have my own bruh lol	I got two	others
2489	can i please meet in 2019 LIKE	its what we deserve after 2 whole ass years !!! jailex nation make some NOISE	PLEASE I WANNA MEET YOU SO BADLY	others
2490	Spelling his name two different ways in the first tweet about him probably isn't the best start.	Have they signed the Bradford media man?	Nah, there's only one mistake in that tweet. Can't be him.	others
2491	The newest song on my spotify wrapped is from 2013 and I'm ok with that	Wasn’t redbone there	that was last year's spotify wrapped	others
2492	Looks like the interstage broke on impact with the water.  Great shots	How can they be certain that it’s safe for humans to approach, and even climb around on top of the booster? Are they just relying on sensors?	"The booster goes through a ""Safeing"" process, the same it would go through when it lands successfully so people can approach it and recover it"	others
2493	So who wants to be friends on spotify?	I didn’t know that was a thing but yes, please	I'm fusilli_head there, feel free to add me.	others
2494	Anthony tried this new taco place that I’ve been telling him about WITHOUT ME and I don’t think I’ve ever been this angry at him	Was it good?	That’s what he said he said it’s a little expensive for what you get but it’s good food	others
2495	24 hours remain until Smash Ultimate takes over my gaming life	Worth it!	Definitely, it also renders my wii u officually useless	others
2496	are you here yet	nope coming tomorrow	Can’t wait!!! Will be waiting for you.	others
2497	Hi ate — Hello. Mupatol diay kog bata HAHAHAAHA	Hahahahahah naks naman	pls lang	others
2498	I’ve always been cool with any boss that I’ve had at any job but my boss now is legit one of my best friends. She cool af I tell her everything even when I’m not at work lol	my boss told me i was stupid and should go back to college and learn something lol yikes	Damn what a bitch	others
2499	Lol I blatantly have no morals but enjoy a bop	I’m not angry, just disappointed	my music taste just hasn't changed. Ever.	others
2500	To be young and in love in New York City	my favorite people <3	We love u	others
2501	I really need my beta might never finish without them. HELP !	Arghhhhhh can’t have that!!! I am here	I don't know how to carry on....please help.	others
2502	What is your character's favorite food??	As I’m DMing, not playing currently, I will go with two prominent NPCs’ answers: the imp: souls, the harpy: people... maybe with a side of vengeance, she works for an Erinyes after all.	that's fair	others
2503	At work, stocking shelves Me: (to a customer) Hi, How are you today? Him: oh, I’m good. M: That’s good *smiles politely & moves to next aisle* H: *following me* Aye, where he at? M: I’m sorry, who? H: Ya boo. M: (annoyed) At home with our 4 kids H: *cusses, walks away*	Well, obviously you were being so nice to him it must've meant you wanted him... Oy vey!	Exactly. How foolish of me to forget that a simple hello that I get paid to say means “please, take me now”	others
2504	Do i rewatch prince of egypt and cry or do i rewatch spirit and cry	How about both	a compelling argument	others
2505	I found an app that does the top listens for Apple Music. But it’s not for one year it’s for your entire subscription. Literally all of the bands except	BVB being above PATD/FOB is just... wrong... all time low being #1 is a good choice tho I agree	I was 100% a bvb goth. Like at one point I did their makeup on myself. It was a lot	others
2506	delete your acc coward	What happened?	She murdered someone	others
2507	Hey Jesse. You do know you just retweeted something from a sugar daddy account , right ???	Dm me	Jump off a bridge	others
2508	There's nothing worse than going for a few quiet pints and a crowd of arseholes come in putting on videos from their shitty phones, like talk ffs.	Did u tweet this from your leg ?	No, my hands as I walked up Alvina brook from the Gaelic to Brownes.	others
2509	just got to the petrol station with 1 mike left in my tank absolute talent	Who dya think u are? Me????	difference is u never made it to the petrol station, ever	others
2510	That Silent Hills was never cancelled.	Added Evidence: Did Norman 'kill his pregnant wife' just like in the PT demo?	my guess is that Norman was the son and history is repeating itself.	others
2511	So why is PUBG 40GB on PS4 when it's only 15GB on the Xbox One X?	I know the PS4 version is getting some exclusive content, but I doubt it’s 25GB worth...	Yeah a couple skins. If that's 25GB I would pass on it lol.	others
2512	Ughhhhhhhhhhhh I wish I had my car	What you need	A drink , some shells & some food !	others
2513	This is instructive. I haven’t read the report but whether or not it’s true the narrative has been placed, and an expectation set. Jobs tomorrow and Fed meeting next week will be interesting market watching opportunities.	This along with market reaction just proves the stock market is a baby throwing a tantrum. Looks like Mom MAY stop by the toy store after all.	Caveat being that this baby is like Jack Jack from the incredibles. You’re pretty sure the tantrum won’t burn the house down, but.... it is possible.	others
2514	When you stuttered while roasting and the homies come with the jokes.	I cant get over the fact that this ninja is not finna be in the new movie.	Yeah same here	others
2515	can’t you tell i love selfie trends	kick my TEETH IN	NO but i love u	others
2516	Bet at least 50% of y’all involved in this video couldn’t care less about the actual cause. Y’all just don’t mind changing up on someone if it involves getting clout and recognition in return.	Bro people tweakin over what you have to say for no reason	Broo for real	others
2517	Can confirm. He is.	Thanks dollface.	❛Shush, I said n o t h i n g.❜	others
2518	Two Lucky Entrants will Win a Custom Henry Mare's Leg Pistol valued at $1,374!	They are considered to be rifles in Canada.	Not sure what they are, but they are cool. I don't believe in labeling the firearm contrary to what he believes he is.	others
2519	Glo is useless.	I dey tell you!	I've had enough at this point.	others
2520	سنة جديدة من عمري أعانقها، اليوم كبرت عامًا وتجددت أمنياتي لعام أخر. ٣/٢٩	Happy birthday my Babyy	Love you	others
2521	My baby is 18 in 12 days	Terrifying isn’t lovely. Mines been at Uni for 3 mths & is nearly 19 How come they were like only 8, like a few months ago	Ya not kidding babes x it’s so frightening lol xx where have our babies gone x	others
2522	Flew with Ryanair many of times but not for a good few years. Know they've been in the news the past year or so. Are they still reliable enough to likely enough to get you to your destination on time? At 5ft 4.75 inches space is not a priority.	Never had an issue with them. Much better than EasyJet imo	That's interesting cos I've always rated easyjet. Looking at Budapest and Jet2 much pricier even paying for luggage with Ryanair. Just wouldn't want my flight cancelled with no refund.	others
2523	My guy so off beat, it’s on beat. It was a lil smooth though.	He cold!!	Whoa dere	others
2524	The thing I don't get most about is he'll give money away but not pay people what their owed. Mind boggling.	Wait, what?	I messaged him and emailed the company repeatedly. I finally demanded he did something and he blocked me.	others
2525	I BOUGHT HIS FUCKING MIAMI VICE JERSEY	Lol this was coming a long time ago	Yeah last season, but they didn’t trade him	others
2526	MY SKIN BROKE OUT SO BAD CLEAR SKIN OOMFS HELP WHAT DO I DO	Wash all your pillowcases, drink water and limit processed food for a bit.	i’m lazy is there angthing@else	others
2527	So the has had my son's computer for 17 days and DONE NOTHING to it since Nov 26th. Customer service was useless; escalated & said I'd get a call back in 24 hours. 48 hours later, nothing. So thanks for NOTHING guys.	Wow, that's weird. I've always had really good success with them. Of course, our home offices aren't in the same town, so... Bummer!	This is the first time I've worked with and it's going to be the last because they can't even be bothered to update their own computers.	others
2528	love seeing	I LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU	I LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU TOOO	others
2529	i want astro to do a poppy retro concept so badly.......	your MIND	pleaseeee.... i want them to wear bright neon colors and be goofy like in baby again	others
2530	It’s the big day! The reveal of my favourite festive magazine cover. No, not the boring old	Ooh it’s all gone a bit raunchy this year! Where’s all the murders, molestations and psychological traumas?!	Maybe they realise we all need a bit of cheering up.	others
2531	بما أني خلصت بحط Top لأفضل الشخصيات في اللعبة بالنسبة لي	توب 5 جميل أنا خاطري احصل واحد يعحبه شخصية داتش عشان شويه نجلده	You're a devil	others
2532	me af im tied of them	Me to last night was the worst one tho I dreamed my daddy got killed right in front of me	Omg i would’ve woke up crying i always google mines	others
2533	Why is my job so hard like I really don’t wtf I’m doing	But you do it so well, I’m so proud of you	I love you so much	others
2534	Why do taken men think it’s ok to slide in a girls DMs just to let them know they’re attractive?... Tell your baby mama wtf	Damn u ain’t gotta air me out like that...	You got a kid? Damn	others
2535	lol man i see reasons not to get married on here everyday	This is honestly the best reason	fucc that ring lol . im the prize	others
2536	I guess I try to be as eclectic as possible?	I'm so surprised by you Too Artist... not.	she’s the best, I love her	others
2537	my life as a racial other	I got a speeding ticket and the popo marked me as “other”	it's poetic in a way	others
2538	Gerrard and Totti	Agger too	Missing his loyalty and his skills What a defender and what a person Daniel	others
2539	I grew up hating my lips for years because I always got teased that they were too big, now people going thru it trying to get lips like mine...God Bless	Oh how the turntables	Haha yes I was like 17 till I finally got over the trauma of being called DSL all my life	others
2540	I think I need to quit school	No ma’am	I’m so over ittt :/	others
2541	What’s up with insta??? All the pics in seeing have distorted lines??	That’s what I’m wondering too is that a filter? Lol	I don’t think so, :\ it’s probably just a glitch, but I just wanted to see if anyone else was seeing them.	others
2542	youtube rewind kinda blew this year	It’s out?	don’t waste ya time	others
2543	We will never bash another league bro. Tag someone else.	Nothing in this tweet is bashing. Its saying it was unorganized. Nothing but facts here.	Did you contact the Commish about it bro. I’m sure they would be more then happy to talk to you about it I would think	others
2544	whatever jay and sabrina are, its confusing me	who cares	i do care bc theyre my friends or sth like that	others
2545	how much does it cost to take a direct express train from Clarkson to Union and how much it takes for a regular train from Clarkson to Union?	Hi, The one way fare from Clarkson to Union is $8.10 and would be the same fare for both all stop and express trains ^AT	What about for a two way? How long would a two way last? And are there discounts for students? Thank you.	others
2546	Interesting to note that in WW2 the UK defeated the Nation of the one on the left and liberated the Nation of the one the right. Both benefitted from it and both hated it. They are both showing their true feelings towards us right now.	We defeated Germany did we? Fuck me, best let the Russians and Yanks know that WE did it.	I can't see the significance of your remarks.	others
2547	I appreciate all the med students on the tl, I really do, but if y’all could refrain from retweeting C-sections, D-sections and E-sections every mf day, that would be absolutely SPLENDID. Ty.	Lol forreal. There needs to be another social media platform just for med students and drs so they can rant and complain there cos honestly NO ONE CARES	I swear to god like please	others
2548	look at her little coat guys :(	I LOVE HER PLS TUCK HER IN TONIGHT	I WILL	others
2549	Imagine celebrating like this against your rivals U21 team. Could never be my club.	Most people don't choose the team they support. It's just where they live, so of course it could have been your club in different circumstances	Can safely stay I would be embarrassed if Oxford fans celebrated anywhere near like that if we played Swindon u21s	others
2550	Updating snow totals for the  Models are trending lighter with snow amounts. Good News for us snow haters!!	What are the new totals?	Maybe 1-2?	others
2551	Does trump actually think HE'LL be on the ticket? What do YOU think, Mr Mueller?	God willing there wont be a 2020 for either or these two monkeys.	that's what I'm praying for, too	others
2552	Treat your family to a copy of Indigo Train by Michael Blyth for Christmas.....	T’is a damm fine recording...	Thanks Russ.	others
2553	cannot stop cackling at the video of max wiggling his new dick around in a plastic bag . incredible content	right when he does it it’s incredible content but when i do it it’s weird and i “should leave asda immediately”	people in asda clearly have no sense of humour . you go back and wiggle your dick even harder clive . they can’t stop you	others
2554	There’s people out there that REALLY THINK VACCINES CAUSE AUTISM LMAO	I WAS JUST TALKING ABOUT THIS	There was a tweet I came across, it triggered me lol	others
2555	90s Night: The Infamous Ellio's frozen pizza commercial filmed shortly before the 1992-93 season.	i can’t wait for the mike richards bmw spot for 2000s night.	"That was some fine work by Richards. Almost as good as Rennie's ""It's almost vinter time, and you know what THAT means"" car ad."	others
2556	So I’m currently half way through S1 of	Yaaay! Welcome to the Shadowfam!!!! Feel free to live tweet and share your thoughts!	Thanks. I’m defo tweeting along & sharing my thoughts after each Ep.	others
2557	Good news is is that I should have IL gov by CD and all charts and maps done by tonight, so keep an eye out!	Lot of work for daily kos to do the same and claim it as their work next week	I know, I've been writing them down when I do them/see others do it online, and I believe we're up to about 15 states. They have 2 done and neither was unique	others
2558	Got a PCN and they sent me a full video of the contravention. Zoomed in for effect and everything. How the hell am I gonna appeal this one?	Lol I remember requesting the video evidence of my contravention and they did the same with mine to make sure I had no grounds for appeal. Tek it den...	LOOOL they take the piss.	others
2559	All I see are people who are complaining which leads me to ask, who was it that wanted it?	>People don't want FRIENDS. Heathen	I hate that show	others
2560	Who’s on late shift today? Mince pies and mince twists coming up!!	Errrm have you picked a day when all the ladies are off?	I’m here......	others
2561	I’m missing New Orleans pretty bad around this time of year. I try to explain the city to people from Kansas and they just stare at me.	New Orleans is less of a place than it is an experience. No one who hasn’t lived there will **ever** understand what it’s really like.	You hit that right on the head Rich. I have Type NOLA blood.	others
2562	Spotify releasing my top songs of 2018 is a very good start to my birthday	Happy Birthday, big cousin!	Thanks baby cousin. Can’t wait to start hanging out more	others
2563	hey!! Gr8 matches we shall duel more another day yea?!!	Yessss	Gr8. M8 catch ya on the flip yea	others
2564	This is definitely very impressive, for a diss / music vid with 4 features made in just 1 day. Deji really goin offfff on JJ rn, but taking it a little too far imo	The song is so fucking good tho	yeahhhh fr!	others
2565	Wow. Bill Thompson suggests that legislative salaries go from $79,500 ( where they are now ) to $110,000 in 2019, $120,000 in 2020 and $130,000 in 2021.	Zack I have not read the proposal but does it include a ban on all outside other income? Because if that was the case it would feel far less objectionable	No, outside income is limited. It’s based on the Congressional model	others
2566	Tell me about something you did because of a book you read. E.g., when I was 12 I read The Grey King & then set about trying to learn Welsh with a Teach Yourself dictionary from the library.	I went to Copenhagen this year almost entirely because I’ve wanted to go since reading Number the Stars by Lois Lowry at like, 10.	oh that’s a Mood, I got into an argument about Tivoli after reading that book (she thought the name sounded too Italian to be in Denmark)	others
2567	i should have let u know....	Wtf what im scared	i feel like my heart’s been ripped out but i know who i can take it out on.	others
2568	This tweet from one year ago today makes me feel a helluva lot better about what has been an underwhelming Heels team for the last couple of games	Was this after the Indiana drubbing	Nah, this was actually after the stretch of Davidson, Tulane and Western in 5 days, we beat Tulane by 43...maybe it was a cumulative issue with the bigs, idk	others
2569	I saw this at my tl and I think that am dead Maybe I am dead you never know lol	Bish why is grayson wearing a crop top hahah	I STAN THE PHOTO AND THE PPL IN IT	others
2570	I still want someone to finish the walking dead telltale series, they didnt even finish the finale with only two episodes in the series left	Skybound games is currently working on it with as much of the original team as they could get. A trailer will come out this week and episode 3 should be out by January	Best news I heard all day, thank you	others
2571	Welterusten lieve mensen	Trust Huug droom mooi	Trusten Roos	others
2572	William and I will probably never have anymore kids ever again… Partly because our hands are full… Partly because we can’t agree on a name.	U can name mine	Oh I WILL have a part in that	others
2573	After latest driver update I went from playing Assassins Creed Origins on ultra settings to low settings with lag.	Can run runescape on max?	Played Runescape on a calculator.	others
2574	Who do you have to sell your soul to so you don’t sound like a dying cat when you sing???	Can you sing Far Far Away?	I always sing far, far away	others
2575	Με αυτόν μεγάλωσα πούστηδες	Smaresh like te memet greqisht nese skie hashtag	I’m not corny	others
2576	oomfs give me a group i dont stan yet and ill go watch their vids and stuff and maybe (hopefully) stan	the boyz	i stan them.	others
2577	have parents just stopped teaching their children if you have nothing nice to say, don’t say it at all? or treat others how you want to be treated? because every time i go on the internet, i have to ask this question. if my child acts like these people.. BOI	bitch stfu u ugly asf	Looks are unrelated to this conversation.	others
2578	I'm mean that's a pretty good top 7 for the year.	Wow honestly shocked that Brick isn’t #1	Not surprised that Run The Jewels beat it tho.	others
2579	My lightband says it fully changed but it doesn’t turn on I LOVE that for me	why is this my life-	I love that for both of us	others
2580	Does anyone know how long gad stays in a joint after intra-articulations injection for an arthrogram?	Perform the	Thanks	others
2581	Adam Levine is absolute trash for what he just did on the Voice. Replace him please.	What he do? I feel like I missed something	He embarrassed one of his own team members who just got done performing live by telling America to vote 4 someone else (a little girl who he’s oddly obsessed w/ that’s absolutely not as good as the guy that just sang) while the guy is forced to just stand there and listen.	others
2582	bought a cast iron skillet and have never cooked a steak once in my life. pray for me y’all.	Easyyyyy babe good luck!	i’ll send ya the leftovers	others
2583	Feet are soooo cold here at work i could wear Uggs.	You should buy from Manitobah they work with first nations people and even sell hand made moccasins and mukluks on their story telling page made by native people	Will do if i decide to get	others
2584	My first 10mins on	Hahahaha that is awesome	I was really upset lmao	others
2585	If you're upset that the Padres aren't going to sign Harper, you have no one to blame but yourself.	I choose to assign blame on a merit-based system.	Like I said.	others
2586	Sending nothing but positive vibes out to everyone today for real!!!	Vibes or pizza, I’m always receptive	hahaha I like that	others
2587	my pfp is so blurry it looks as if i took it with a calculator but at least you can’t see my imperfections	girl you’re perfect! imperfections where? i don’t see them	you can’t see them cause it’s so blurry feel blessed	others
2588	i got back from class and immediately started talking to my coffee maker so yeah definitely ready to go home	What did you say?	i asked if i could just heat up water in it but i used my microwave instead	others
2589	Once again Raphael’s is unprofessional asf	what happened	Calling to make an appointment is pointless. I asked the girl how long the wait was and she said I don’t even know wtf	others
2590	Outage Update #2:	ETA for sycamore and La Brea? Power is still out.	Hi, Timothy. We know for some power went out early this morning. Our crews found additional complications for your area and they're working diligently to complete repairs as soon as possible. Restore is 8-10 hours from initial -City tweet this morning. Hang in there. <sb>	others
2591	Hey ⁦	YEP. Got the same thing here.	How do I just know that if they got this wrong they misgendered folks too?	others
2592	24/7!!!! *Ella voice	Lmao Yeen have to bring the song into this	“I felt that”	others
2593	I thought he said “Why’d I have a son?” until I wondered why the song was called “White Iverson” -	they sound the same ok	I can’t unhear it	others
2594	NEVER TRUST BISEXUAL GIRLS! I REPEAT. NEVER TRUST BISEXUAL GIRLS!	what did we do nowwwww	y'all break hearts	others
2595	I wrote a few paragraphs about Richard M. Johnson today, which meant revisiting this article by	Been a while. Hope it was useful.	"It was. I'm mostly giving background information as I write about his prospects in the election of 1844. Also his enthusiasm for the annexation of TX even if ""a little war"" was required. There really is not as much written about Richard M. Johnson as I would have expected."	others
2596	A last hurrah for some old friends. Haven't had the Amiga for years but had these in a box under the stairs. A guess that we'll meet, we'll meet in the emulator	No way! I love Auto Duel. It was my favorite game.	Totally! Me too. At one point I was working on a sequel game to it . Unofficial but it could be fun. I have too many hobbies though to make games right now.	others
2597	Been feeling nauseous all day	You have carry belle	It’s a thing of joy na. At least I’m fertile	others
2598	New member of	Who’s Santa ????	Santa is Santa there is only one Santa...	others
2599	theyve discivered the gravure already	nah, its like the 3rd time they discover it, they already know but it seems every week they rediscover it so they can trash talk them more	right oof i remember there was one netizen buzz article i think but the comments were milder(?)	others
2600	Sad to learn of the death of Pete Shelley, The Buzzcocks were one of my favourite punk bands. Loved their ability to write excellent short sharp singles.	Saw them in Richmond N Yorks a few years ago (15?) headlining a festival they had there. Other acts were terrible local covers, so Diggle came on stage announcing “time for some real fucking rock n roll”. Shelley was on form. They blew me away that night. Gutted.	Nice story	others
2601	I fall asleep when James is on the screen tbh.	All my friends went to school with him, his family lives where I live - they all say he was boring at school - he also lies about his agehe’s not 24 he’s like 26	Loool. This tea. Never even heard a song by his band either.	others
2602	When prawn don’t take his adhd tablets	He’s a fucking freak init	He’s fucking jokes	others
2603	I feel seen.	Amber, I ain’t know it was gone be like this	Listen. I spend most of my days crying/laughing because this shit here!	others
2604	omg who is that blonde girl there idk her	OMG MF HOT	I LOVE U	others
2605	i have a question for you guys:  what’s an anime you’ve watched that you wish you hadn’t/ regret watching?	That Pico X Chico shit... Disturbing	i just looked up what that was and i am sickened. i’m sorry you had to witness that	others
2606	Good morning and a very happy half-way-through-the-week!We’re feeling Christmassy Ludlow	Just made a wreath using natural materials!	Looking festive and fabulous!	others
2607	Another skewed stat. Michigan has been down much of the time of 12 game schedules...everyone knows OSU has dominated Michigan head to head and overall for years..why does someone feel the need to exaggerate that dominance more?	It's not exaggerated at all. That's literally the point of this stat.	"Yea...and when did 12 game schedules start...sure wasn't ""the entire history of the program"""	others
2608	Come say wassup!	fortnite L U L	'magine playing cod on console in 2018? yeah... I can't either.	others
2609	any idea when my phone will be working again? It’s been 10 hours. Still no service or data	Hello Georgina, We’re aware of national issues with the O2 network. This may mean you’re unable to use your data services. We're really sorry. We’re working hard with O2 to fix the problem and will keep you updated. Thanks, Nathan	So it’s been 15 hours of no service. I better be getting compensation for this!!	others
2610	I’m sorry but you guys will hear me bitch about this shitty ass job till I leave which is hopefully soon but for now, y’all gon have to hear me lol	Girl I just wanna know where you work at so I know where to never go	If you are ever remodeling your kitchen let me know so I can tell you where not to go :)	others
2611	Hello. (HUGS)	*hugs* hi	How are you?	others
2612	Video shaming girl for bullying sparks debate: Is it effective?	This an old story that most news outlets covered at least a year or so ago. Must be a slow day	This is a story based on a video that was posted on Monday:	others
2613	Good afternoon, everyone.	おはようございます！(・∀・)人(・∀・) いよいよTGA2018！ 今年は「サガ　スカーレットグレイス」が面白かったです！ 楽しみです！(ﾉ≧▽≦)ﾉ	Can't wait for the TGA 2018 awards!  I hope there's some good announcements!	others
2614	I HATE MY PRINTER!!!!! I remember this would happen whenever I needed something for school but it’s never been THIS bad.	UGH FEEL YOU last night I had to print out something for my project and it wouldn't work. When you need it the most it just dies on you	I mean thankful this is just a silly friend thing I’m doing and not a paper. But god, my printer wouldn’t work sometimes for class papers or projects uuugggh.	others
2615	Why has bbciplayer been removed from my device and replaced by bbc news?	Hi Mike, really sorry to hear this. It's a bit of a strange one. Did you have BBC News installed before? Which device are you using? Have you been able to install BBC iPlayer again?	My blu ray player had an update as I was loading bbciplayer and then when the update was done the icon was gone and replaced with bbc news instead	others
2616	I listened to a lot of	I was at his concert last year :) it was for my daughter, but also no shame!	lol! I'm hoping to see him next year at his stadium show	others
2617	Scorpion is def up there.	That album was mid	booty cheeks. maybe like 3 or 4 songs I don’t skip tbh.	others
2618	Im straight to the online	Hold on tonight?	Yessir, some Best Buy’s and GameStop’s doing early pickup at like 9 or 10.	others
2619	Amazing to see	Fantastic achievement	Thanks Tom	others
2620	If I were to ever scare	I’m looking through our old tweets from the roomie days and laughing til I almost cry miss you!!!	Every time i see this video, i think about you	others
2621	I really Can't wait till i learn how to speak Punjabi, expressing your anger in english just does not cut it the same	will teach brooo	snm big bro , is he qualified though?	others
2622	Why is he dressed like Zorro?	Why have all the barbers forsaken him?	He is still in the DMV, an area that is not lacking for good black barbers. You have to really try to be photographed with a cut this bad.	others
2623	WHO PUT THIS ON MY TL	IM SO SORRY	big SIGH...i hate kb for killing him off like that	others
2624	Starkest example of why Taylor/Maclaurin series are a terrible idea: approximating 1/(1+x) over [0..1]. Here's a 12th order Taylor polynomial versus a 3rd order fitted MiniMax polynomial. It's not even close.	I’m a little surprised that the limits of the error plot are not equal. Is there some weighting going on with the approximation or am I misreading something?	It's optimizing the relative error, and I'm lazily plotting the absolute error.	others
2625	lrt gigkent	omfg	I can see it so vividly	others
2626	Between this and the other 2d fighters I've retweeted today we're just missing Project Justice.  I want that controller. It's a thing of beauty!	I’ve never seen that controller. I’d like that too.	I looked it up. It's the Ascii SNK Blue controller that was released in Japan. Looks like it'll cost at least $100 US to import. they have a gray one as well.	others
2627	So I’m going to have a summer party gig and thinking about what bands to have, no more than 3 in a small venue in Manchester. Who should I be thinking about?	"Bring the Scottish contingent down and add in some ""local"" colour"	It's looking mightily possible!	others
2628	Vibe for today	That poooooooooooooool	Super vibe	others
2629	I want your reasoning. Por favor y gracias. Y que dios se los pague con muchos hijos.	That’s uncalled for. I feel attacked.	I know you fuck w Spotify so you’re good.	others
2630	Tempted to get myself a Xiaomi Mi A2 for Christmas. Not had a new phone in 3 years.	Got one of those for son#1. He's very happy with it.	Thanks :) Had a go on the lite version and that is also good.	others
2631	CIA ORGANIZED SECRET ARMY IN WESTERN EUROPE - The ...	Broken link.	Try Gooo Sorry for that	others
2632	A week doesn’t go by that I don’t bun out my blow woaw from eating food that’s toooooo hot!!	Craven bad	Bad bad bad!!!!	others
2633	.? she introduced me to nhc, and if i am so much happier now, is because she did this. she loves you so much and deserves your notice. pls, don’t ignore me and turn her day in the best as possible!	GABRIELLA JGKGKDKFKDK I LOVE U	love you more! i know that he will turn your day today	others
2634	Oomf make my heart skip a beat	Soft	Aye I think so too mane	others
2635	Anyway let’s fight. Power Up is better than Bad Boy and RBB combined.	SO ITS NOT JUST ME power up outsold this year	It truly did!	others
2636	Guys..someone wants to get me these from	First frame	Thanks mami	others
2637	laid ease i cut my hair!	oooh ur so preettyyyyy c:	thank u im gonna cry!!!	others
2638	Hi I’m stuck in 2013 don’t @ me	Top Genre: Indie	At least I’m consistent	others
2639	I do not deserve feelings if I cant even ask for a simple number from the guy I really like.	Psssh getting someone’s number is the hardest thing	I suppose it is. Wish it was easier.	others
2640	I learned today in my law class that companies count as “people” legally.... but we still can’t accepted trans people as a real person?	May I pose a bigger question... does that mean companies get votes...	They have been through years. They afford the lobbyist and fund a lot of politicians	others
2641	if i have to see this image so do you	Lmao who are the people on the right? The third one down looks dumb asl	i can’t even work up a response i’m just listening to boy pablo til i KO	others
2642	guru just a heads up I own Kamara and Brees the Tampa Bay weather looks awful !! Should I be concerned ?? Lightening rain wind !!	Just as long as Brees & Kamara will be on a football field against the Bucs, no way you can bench either.	Ok bro I just hope that weather doesn't hurt third ability to produce etc	others
2643	I Did Something Bad	“Look what you made me do”	¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Don’t Blame Me	others
2644	Ta dah!!! Answers on a postcard...and no it's not a Beatle	I can see it clear in second picture but not the first. I like it	Thank you. Backed it tonight and feel it's much clearer with the black.	others
2645	Me saying “I love Namjoon” everyday -A Thread, Inspired by  •	Dec 6: Lesbian’s are just k pop people reincarnated	December 6: Not all cuz there’s you	others
2646	this how you be when i be fucking you up on madden	boy gtf ...	lmao I’m with the shits	others
2647	I'm a very weird individual, and I always will be	Das why I love you	I love you more mamiiii ain’t nobody out here like us	others
2648	WANTED: An experienced campaign manager. Bakersfield CA23 area. American citizen contemplating taking on a corrupt political party and it's house leader who bows to a corrupt President. Serious inquiries only. Direct Message. Thanks.	No contemplating!!! Change is needed and change starts with YOU!!	Thanks K!	others
2649	Sim, a Lana vem a Portugal, great Mas já tiveram uma afiadeira que afiasse mesmo bem e não danificasse os lápis? Shit is lovely	why are u so iconic?	I can't help it	others
2650	um me and frank are playing video games at my house, does anybody wanna come over?	ah, may i come along too? sorry, i'm a little late to the party	it’s fine!! every good soul is invited :)	others
2651	Requested a test drive via the	We're thrilled to hear that you will be joining us! What Toyota are you looking forward to experiencing and smelling in person? ^DN	We’ve bought a new C-HR hybrid dynamic, nebula blue with the green accent pack	others
2652	is my babygirl thanks for coming to my ted talk	l i s t e n	im l i s t e n i n g	others
2653	1 year ago I had my last MRI for Timmy the Tumour 1 week till my next one! Let’s hope it’s a positive outcome as it was last time!!	Well wishes man :)	Thanks Paul really appreciate the support!	others
2654	Called out some bitch on Coalinga citizens cause she pissed me off. SNAPPED	did you get blocked from Coalinga citizens too? lol I can’t see your post anymore	They added me back to the 2$ page so I got what I wanted I deleted the post to be nice lol	others
2655	COFFEE.	At this time of night?!	Or maybe a hot aniseed milk...	others
2656	I love gay girls they the only ones that understand how weird girls be	I understand how weird girls b	True u do	others
2657	The famous ‘I amsterdam’ sign has been removed for being ‘too egocentric’	WTH!	I know, right !!	others
2658	shame on everyone who’s in o2 loooool shoulda chosen EE tbh	Three >>>	They have problems too lool	others
2659	drew this last night hfhfhfshfs	I FUCKING LOVE THIS	THANK YOU!!! i appreciate it y_y <3 im v proud of it	others
2660	good choice	the taste jumped out	i knoooow	others
2661	this has been me lately lol only because i type fast & catch it when it already late	pet peeve	same, or the he’s & his & loose & lose i see one at least twice a day	others
2662	I feel crap lol! I need one of those Gingerbread cream latte things from Costa's (Whatever they're called)	Aww feel better soon beaut Those gingerbread lattes sound amazing! Hope you get one soon and it perks you up A festive treat for a festive queen is 100% necessary	I think it's time of the month coming lol, extra tired and feeling hot and bothered, Hope you're ok sweetiepie x	others
2663	"DON'T GET ME WRONG, THEY LOOK GOOD BUT WHY NOW, WHY NOW SANA AND MOMO, I JUST FINISHED READING FOOL'S GOLD, PLEASE NOT NOW ""she's forgetting something important""  DJCNSNNDNDNSNXND"	you don't have to remind me of how broken i was with this fic, suddenly i don't feel so good anymore	IT'S STILL FRESH	others
2664	"So are you gonna keep dodging me? Nothing ""Golden"" about running from a match!"	I appreciate your guys’ effort Erik, I’m very much aware of the sessions / scheming you & your EC brethren are doing, most of them whom I’ve buried already. I’m preoccupied with some other stuff outside gaming right now, but I’ll let you know. <3	Forget about them, My only concern is ashing you out like i do with my cigarettes!	others
2665	This month will be entirely dedicated to QoL and performance fixes for the current version of DissidiaDB. Something really annoys you when browsing the database? You'd like to suggest a new feature? Please reply to this tweet :)	Menu translations on the JP page could be helpful for new players.	I could certainly add some sort of general translations page. I'll think about it :)	others
2666	Yea niggas gone always cheat but if you got the best head/ pussy in the WORLD, that nigga watching you sleep through the window	now just wait a min...	Nothing to see here. Just stating facts	others
2667	Bless him....	That's harsh, poor kid.	He's laughing isn't he....Unless I misread this.. I thought he was giggling all the way through..	others
2668	You know it’s warm in the desert when the stinking camels are in the shade	They are nasty beast	I usually shoot them but haven’t got a rifle with me when I’m working.	others
2669	Christmas bed!	I see someone is just as nuts about plushies as	I have pillowcases and trash bags full of stuffed animals.	others
2670	Should I sell my instead?	Barcelona is always a good idea	True. But yeah, it would be a great chance to meet	others
2671	fr	Tried wearing a tampon twice and that shit was so painful because I couldn’t put it in deep enough, never again	oof i’m sorry	others
2672	'Thanks sweetheart' says the teenager handing over my coffee at the airport. Um. I'm probably old enough to be your Dad FFS.	But you are a sweet heart	Well this can't be argued.	others
2673	Techbro 1: “hey cool i made this fancy new technology! what should we use it for?”  Techbro 2: “horoscopes, but for your face”	the interesting question is if the software would be less biased / more accurate than the humans who already do this all the time	the problem is that humans write the algorithms! also I feel like the solution to overly reductive human judgement is probably less reduction, not reductive judgement with technology	others
2674	Below are records I had the pleasure of working on in 2018 :-)  Would be nothing without these incredible artists. Very much looking forward to the new year.	+ dreams!	It’s in there :-) would not forget ever	others
2675	bullshit get to you ntwana..You blessed us with great music all year long..	These people are sleeping on Reeceaaii iss bullshit indeed	These muhfuckas are sleeping on every dope real mcee must just diiss em I'm pissed.	others
2676	So I don't think cooking now is smart	You know what’s smart??? Going to bed early bc ur sick	Ehm shouldn't you go to sleep to isnt it like 3am	others
2677	A wild	are u kidding me i was getting so gassed waiting for this tweet to load and it’s emma chamberlain	Sorryyyy	others
2678	you have 2 chuunis and a hajime playing smash and a poor staff member just watching them play	the staff member cant sleep	is it running man	others
2679	Lads I'm thinking of doing a postgraduate degree in a university in England, Scotland or Wales. Where are the best places to go to?!?!?	Harvard	Harvard is in America..... Don't know what you're learning in Canada LUL	others
2680	Just realized that out of my friends im still in contact with only Mahi and Steffi knew me when I was like self harming and shit damn	proud of how far you’ve come	I literally just looked through old pics on my tumblr and it felt so weird?? Like I know my arms looked like that but seeing it again???	others
2681	serious now. Sitting outside Croy. Why?	Hi Ross, which service? ^DB	Staff do nothing, they all hate it, they provide no update, they are rude and I don’t blame them! Sort it please.	others
2682	I need a hexagonal shape to pour cement molds to make coasters. I cannot find the hexagon. I am terrible at making a hexagon, and I want it precise. Where the hell is my hexagon?	Cookie cutter?	Haven't found that shape... YET... But yes, I've been stalking cookie cutters and silicon candy molds, soap molds (these all have bees and flowers on em)	others
2683	hey @/LeeCS_BTOB im currently studying flavors and aromatics chemicals. what kind of scent would you like to have under your name? HAHAHAHA	Lets name it 'letssssgeritonnnn' perfume	I LIKE THE IDEA HAHAHAHAHA	others
2684	Feel like I didn’t have a drink in forever lol	You was so high you forgot you had a drink	Lmfaooo	others
2685	Can we blame the alcohol bevause I don’t remember it’s proper name.	Hmm, sure.	I swear that was the name. ):	others
2686	I hate how clingy me period makes me get ): i want undivided attention and cuddles and point period I’m just fucking annoying	dude me on my first day is a MESS	FRRRRR I talk to myself like damn bitch shut up	others
2687	Beautiful, descriptive prose on the glories of December.	Thank you, Andrea. I find the natural world, supernaturally beautiful.	I love your way of describing things...it feels magical, like you’ve got an inside track on the inner workings of nature.	others
2688	i managed to get the james charles palette	YESSS YOU CAN USE THE SHADE NAMED AFTER THE TWINS	yessss i’m so excitedddd	others
2689	So stoked for the dom concert next week.	Wassup mija you get my ticket ??	You ain’t bout it.	others
2690	anyways i would just go down to austin that weekend to have fun but i don’t have rooster teeth friends anymore cause they all unfollowed me once i changed my acc so y’all hav fun stay safe i luv u	u have me tho im still here hehe	yes that’s true	others
2691	7 December 1882 marks the birth of Kenneth L. Hutchings who played for Kent & England from 1902 to 1912. Played a major role in 3 of Kent's title wins before WW1. Played 7 Tests. He died during the Battle of the Somme in 1916 serving with the King's Liverpool Regiment.	Have you read Test Of Time?	If this is the well publicized Lazenby book no but sent it as a present once to someone I know loves this period. I know it got raved reviews when it came out!	others
2692	I really need to learn French	*goes to Paris once*	lmao and don’t speak a lick of French	others
2693	Apart from me who else is not having Ghana 2pac songs..	But that guy no get song ooo	he get waa	others
2694	Lol me and Brooklyn accidentally woke up ao I turned on Disney junior and started watching Mickey Mouse clubhouse. In one of the scenes goofy said “how do I look” and Donald Duck said “you look like a ducking disaster”	Omg	I lost it!!!! you know they were getting creative for the parents who have to sit through episode after episode	others
2695	Abjectly sick of all the festive music everywhere already, but ironically now home and listening to the vinyl of Phil Spector’s Christmas Gift To Me. For the mini wean’s enjoyment obviously. He’s never seen a picture disc before. It’s the wonder of Christmas	Aw.....so I won’t request this on Sunday then?	That’s a cracker though	others
2696	TF this even mean	It’s a parody on how Conservatives are comparing France to countries like Poland (an authoritarian homogenous state)	I guess I am reading too much into the choice of Riften and how it operates in Skyrim	others
2697	Yo, Bro, You my Friend are o-muthafuckin-right in my book dude.	Him!!!	2 Real	others
2698	i'm thisclose of giving up of writing aus	:( aww sweetie, don’t say that, you do great and I’m proud of you, if you need a break from it, it’s okay everyone will understand just know that there’s people like me who enjoy them	thank u a lot baby I'll keep trying here	others
2699	Anyone who takes public transport to the airport will be familiar with taxis illegally pulling up at bus stops offering a cheap fare. Today John pulled up to the stop at the 3arena. I immediately waved him on. John lost the plot called me a p***k etc and threatened to beat me up!	Jaysis, only for declining his offer of services	Yes Tom lost the head! I’ll be reporting him on Monday when back in the country	others
2700	You may see an old lady. I see me. The fighter,the changer, the mum,wife , sister . I see beauty because only the lucky get old. Never forget that. When you breathe in the morning you are the luckiest person alive. You are alive so live , never exist x	I see a lovely lady	As I see you	others
2701	My colleague said that the Rent the Runway store in Chicago is completely self service based on scanning with the app. She checks things in and out with it for her Unlimited subscription.	wow… need to check it out. Following in your NYC footsteps next week. Nike/RH	Please tweet about RH!	others
2702	Update: is the only true stan	can i have your autograph	What’s next my national insurance number?	others
2703	I planned on saving money next year but Buku fucked that up	You have no idea. I was going only going to do forest this year butttttttt	Hell yeah I told everyone in the group chat I would only do one festival this year bc of the way my bank account is set up	others
2704	Today would be a great day for President Trump, without warning, to declassify and release every deep state document in DC. I’ve had enough of this witch hunt and these treasonous rats investigating the wrong damn people. This is total bullshit and it’s really pissing me off.	does this remind you of anything that democrats say?	Does this remind you of getting blocked?	others
2705	My friend and I had a very good dinner at some place I’m not allowed to mention	WOW your friend is rude.	XDD it’s just how the two of us express our friendship to each other. He was a part of my sea of thieves stream	others
2706	I'm so sad I hate this why am I so stupid I should have died I wanna sleep so bad but i don't know anything and I'm dying and I want to pee but I'm scared and this is too much I hate this why did my parents get horny that night oof it would be better if I didn't exist	Hey u wanna talk? I don't know you and it's difficult to trust in strangers but im here if u wanna talk. I'll listen	Thank you so much but really I'm just sleep deprived	others
2707	Hey when will I be able to add my Nutmeg account to Yolt?	Hi Eduard, we add bank based on demand. If you’d like us to include your request, head to the More tab > Contact Yolt to vote for the bank you want us to add next.	Thanks for replying, did that a while ago...hoping for this to be done soon.	others
2708	If only that shxt was that easy	man	Aye for the record a 3way n train different things	others
2709	PERO QUÉ ME ESTÁS CONTANDO?!!!	Kaneki muere	I hate you uwu	others
2710	I guess, I best be putting away the patio furniture!	Did it. Even got the garden hose put away while it was above zero the other day.	Where do you find the time! I put a stiff garden hose in the basement @ 3 hours ago.	others
2711	Remember when I did the Song of Our Decade chart in the	Are you & I bringing back too? You'll win in the winter!  Give me a call about the project when you get 5	Omg i keep forgetting !!	others
2712	Getting my passport today so it’s a good day to have a good brow day. Praise!	My friend showed me this video the other day and I thought it was hilarious! Just thought I’d share it with you on your good brow day!	Yes!! I love this video! It’s hilarious haha	others
2713	Saving to process later.	Um, I was once offered cheese to go with apple pie. Similar?	Yeah I am aware people do that... would depend on how sugary the pie is I suppose	others
2714	Quisiera tener + amigos otakus, pero no c como	converti a la gente en otakus y listo	It’s not that simple but I’m gonna make you one of us	others
2715	my xmas cold has arrived early! Hot whisky time. When is yours due this year?	Think I've just caught one from this tweet.	...send...lemons...	others
2716	Why do I get the feeling that amiibo is gonna be a feature in smash ultimate	It is???? What do you mean? Like you’ll be able to use amiibos? Cause yes amiibos for smash ultimate is a thing	Oh fuck I am retarded	others
2717	Looking at these pictures like I really let this nigga beat be in basketball	LMAOOOOOOO we gotta link soon and hoop	I’m going to the plex Saturday	others
2718	did my makeup for fun today	UMMM HEWWO,,, THIS IS SO GORGEOUS!!!	SHSHHS thank you!! I actually thought of you after I did it bc it’s totally your color pallet lol	others
2719	I need a new job. Preferably working with animals. So if you know of anywhere, hit ya girl up! I’ve been filling out apps but would love to know if any of y’all know of places also Thanks in advance!	Do you still live in Texas or?	Nope, I’m back in Ohio	others
2720	hey idiots reply to this & i’ll tell u what animal u look like	hi would love to know	tinkerbell or also maybe like. a ladybug	others
2721	It’s your friendly neighborhood	Cool suit! Where’d you get it?	From a friend of mine who has a company that makes printed suits	others
2722	From my understanding, Pruitt went all in on Freeze & it got blocked by the Administration. Regardless of who Pruitt wanted, if UT wants to be considered in the upper tier of collegiate football again, Pruitt needs full control of the team. Otherwise this is a waste of time.	Hell they prob didn’t hire him cause of how VolTwitter reacted to Schiano.	Who knows what they are doing. I'm about over it though. We are about 10 days in.	others
2723	spotify just called me edgy	JDJDJDJ OMG WHAT DO U LISTEN TO THAT SPOTIFY CALLED U EDGY	HONESTLY I??? ok I do have a playlist for lo-fi beats that I listen to when I’m studying and I have an electronica playlist that I jammed to a lot this year fjdnd maybe thats why bc I can only think of one (1) indie artist that I like	others
2724	Rip to the sandwich shop radio. It was always bopping.	WHY THERE NO KISSED BY A ROSE	Spotify got a conspiracy against batman and seal that's why	others
2725	Funny how it's the direct opposite for guys. It be the girls you have no intention of fucking at first sight you actually like. But eventually shaaaaa	Fr?	Lol for most I guess	others
2726	WANTED: An experienced campaign manager. Bakersfield CA23 area. American citizen contemplating taking on a corrupt political party and it's house leader who bows to a corrupt President. Serious inquiries only. Direct Message. Thanks.	Sarah Silverman	Yes please	others
2727	i may be in love or something	kinda glad dude who posted it have us a timeline bc this looks exactly like mid 2018 harry	he's the prettiest bub	others
2728	Go check out my sis and the cool scrapbook she’s doing for Brendan!!!	thank youu sissyyy	You’re welcome my lovex	others
2729	Anybody have any recommendations on how to clean all white shoes the best?	Baking soda and bleach with a toothbrush	You mix them together? How much bleach? I used a little bit of bleach to clean my white roshes once and them bitches came out yellow afterwards lol	others
2730	Getchu an hour or two in then comeback and show that Productive Panther Pride	I did, 30 mins and I’m exhausted. Ima try again	You got to...there’s no room for failure only progress until completion is reached	others
2731	What if college had a bell every time a class started/ended	That’s a lot of bells	EXACTLY. CHAOS.	others
2732	i’m curious what was the first song y’all heard from tøp ?? mine was doubt hashtag legend	Besides stressed out, ride, and heathens Lane Boy was the first song	lane boy is a fucking bop	others
2733	NEW: We're experiencing some disruption on the Cathcart line, services are now on the move and we're working hard to get back to the timetable.	Hey! Are there anymore trains from glasgow to Edinburgh tonight if so when is it?	Hi Tyler, when are you looking to travel? ^DB	others
2734	Anyway let’s fight. Power Up is better than Bad Boy and RBB combined.	PU > RBB. BB > RBB. PU=BB???	W-what is this equation???	others
2735	What happened?	Jo wena ngwanatowe! Ke tla o qoqela ka tsatsi le leng	Lmacool mara i can tell o bone mas**p	others
2736	Just watched School for the first time...	Interested to hear your thoughts! I’ve caught a couple... some difficult viewing in there but lots of passion too	We need to have another girlie night x	others
2737	“sorry i’m so tired” SKHSJSEJR T I WOSH I COULD BREATHE	the way he puts his head on yours omg	no no no no stop i’m crying i love him	others
2738	I can not stop chucking. When I seem my friend . I can not help but see. Their on Jew. Not The Iorn Jew. Iron please forgive me. I think it my lewd side showing. As Their on Jew sounds kinky.	L M F A O you're all good bro i get that a lot actually when people first meet me or see me raid them it's priceless every time	Well off stream I can be one of those Theirs that is on Jew. :P	others
2739	Yourube went to shit after 2014 ugh	Yourube sucks	DJHDDHFH I HATE MY TYPOS	others
2740	HATE being injured, missing football so much	Wouldn’t have lost if we’d have had you	could’ve brought another cheeky header from a corner to the table if I’d actually got any legs left like	others
2741	Three and half hours into editing someone's brief, and I haven't made it past the facts yet. What a nightmare.	Ha! This I get as I spend hours editing my books, and critiquing others!	And every verb doesn't have to be passive tense. Every single verb.	others
2742	Starting to realise why notch decided to design villagers and their shitty deals the way he did	Anti semite much?	Wow the group that has a history of promoting and encouraging education among themselves has the top jobs. Shocker	others
2743	Kindle US for one week $1.99 - What Every BODY is Saying: An Ex-FBI Agent’s Guide to Speed-Reading People by...	Just bought it! Thanks for the heads up,	Thank you	others
2744	pulling urself out of bed when you’re under an extremely soft blanket and it’s raining outside is one of the hardest things to do i just wanna be sleepy and cozy smh	this with snow	i wish it was cold enough to snow here! but i feel the exact same way about snow too	others
2745	Something was delivered to the mailbox. I'd have to put on real clothes to go get it.  Guess it stays in the mailbox, forever.	"Aren't you lucky, you get actual delivery to your door. Canada Post hasn't done that for years. We have to trudge a block down the street to our so-called ""super box"". :("	Wow that's... Why?	others
2746	If I delete this account you'd all move on	I'd miss you	But you don't even talk to me :(	others
2747	HAMLETxEX MACHINA—When Hayden finds his father murdered, he has the tech to bring him back. But the freshly revived corpse wants revenge & with the lab on lockdown, Hayden must fulfill his father’s last request before morning—or the murderer will pin it all on him	Ooh! This sounds intriguing!	thank you!	others
2748	How does one even function the night before THE avengers trailer??? Asking for myself.	mood	We're fucked bro. Rip	others
2749	thumbnail practice  for a nerd  rt and like boyos	This looks dope asf I want	thanks	others
2750	Amh vou sair pra beber com o amg q eu gosto	E onde vamos beber?	Praiana com uns beck	others
2751	instead of bringing more attention to the cc about jk you should have just deleted it. this only gives antis fuel to ac… — Or maybe I’m going to defend him?! Don’t you think we’ve been quiet long enough? Lmao	why are we never allowed to call shit out. do they expect us to bottle everything up until we literally have a mental breakdown???	Exactly... but anyways	others
2752	i just need to release some stress and yell once in the quiet floor and then I’ll be fine	This is deep	I was on the fifth floor just wanting to yell once, my chest was actually hurting lol	others
2753	omg antoniosjjsjs CONGRATS	THANKS OMG HE FOLLOWED YOU CONGRATS TO YOU	THANK U	others
2754	Lil Skies wave has died down massively.. Have you noticed?	oh i thought you said lil skies died	God no. Let’s not even go there. I get anxiety when I see “rapper” and “died” in a sentence myself	others
2755	Nothing makes me as instantly irrationally angry as biting my lip/cheek when eating	i bite my tongue. so. fucking. much. it makes me SO FUCKING MAD!!!!!!!	The worst is when it’s over and over in the same spot!!	others
2756	very nice to see all the ladies from The Favourite getting nods though, all of their performances were incredible	Is it me or was Rachel Weisz the lead?	i suppose the center of the love triangle is always the lead?	others
2757	girl u fine aF. EVERY day fym	that’s you sis	ooooh i giggled lol thanks	others
2758	YOU DONT UNDERSTAND HOW HAPPY I AM THAT MY PERSONAL STATEMENT IS FINALLY FUCKING DONE	yesss!!! writing a personal statement was the bane of my existence i feel u. what courses are you applying for?	it’s so annoying :( and photography!	others
2759	Srsly feel like all my a-m mutuals are in a groupchat that I'm not in bc they always tweet the same random stuff and I have no clue what's going on??? Or maybe I'm just old that's possible too.	Me with all my friends except they really are in a group chat without me	Ugfjzfhue ok that's rude though	others
2760	Misogyny at its finest	I have no words for how fucking stupid this person is	I'm still arguing with this dude. Idk why, its like talking to a brick wall	others
2761	1.	Not exactly the same point, but this made me think of...	Wow I didn't know they took the entire thing down	others
2762	Thinking bout taking three week mini semester classes	Do it! It’ll lessen your workload for the regular semester. Just try to take easy classes so you don’t stress yourself out too much	I’m definitely considering it. I need to catch up cuss I’m like 1/2 classes behind and it’ll help me get to where I need to be	others
2763	i hate u :(	you loooove me	maybe a little	others
2764	I’m pretty sure none of my asshole friends are going to heaven except	w-what... :(	Did I fucking stutter	others
2765	Really fighting to not let Late Night Micah back on Twitter	BRING HIM BACK	NO! I threw him in a bag and stuffed him in he basement!	others
2766	Remove this pls	Yall have that??? That’s wild	They added it to the app today (for me at least). It's weird af.	others
2767	I LEFT MY ENGAGEMENT RING IN GAINESVILLE.	Wait....congratulations !	Thank you! The hotel found the ring so that’s also something to celebrate. Hope you’re staying warm and problematic in NY	others
2768	Tech companies do not need to locate themselves in downtown Vancouver, that's just stupid.	"Why not? It's easier for companies to attract workers when they can live/work in the same area, and access services, businesses, etc. The whole point of the ""green"" initiative is to make it so people don't have to travel so far and not be reliant on vehicles."	These people can't afford to live downtown and commute an hour or more to get there. That's the whole point, put your company where people can afford to live, not downtown.	others
2769	Can't wait for my twins to come home from tomorrow. missed them so much xx	I’m sure on Sunday U said u were buzzing for peace	I was but no now lol x	others
2770	I’m so pissed this “photographer” took pics of me and this really cute girl at Riot 10 and he still hasn’t posted them wtf okay	Same thing happened to me and Haley at boo :(	Ugh really that shits annoying I was so excited she was so cute :(	others
2771	Did I need a third Tata standing doll? Yes, yes I did.	the chimmy is so cute :(	I know :( I was supposed to get Mang but winter chimmy was just too cute. I'll probably get Mang before I leave though.	others
2772	I said this too lol	Girl smh lol	One baby though lol not 2 or 3	others
2773	YouTube Executives alright we need some to silence the 9 year olds, but not enough to get any media attention  okay, let’s add his chair for a second	That trophy in the background.	oh yeah!! pewdiepies 50 mil and a KSI boxing match cup	others
2774	My internet no longer allows me to stream :(	Hahahahahahahahaha	If this keeps up I may have to start taking loans from Saad Tariq ltd.	others
2775	Or the time I overheard a group of Year 8 boys talking about which of the female teachers' 'back doors they'd smash in'. Year 8 ffs!	Shows you what their home life is like!! As a nation we are failing our kids. Children are not children for long enough now.	That's a fact!	others
2776	let’s exchange playlists!!!!	Spotify or AM?	make me a playlist and I’ll make you one	others
2777	Season 7 is sick as fuck	Is it?	Yes sir	others
2778	Added some images of	You doing Manchester on Saturday ?	on them all mate.	others
2779	Sagittarius :))	Don’t do us like that	Y’all did me like that	others
2780	Please whatever you do don’t take off tomorrow night. We’re going to need you to explain to us and to do the breakdown of the Manafort & Cohen memo filed by Mueller.	We'd be lost without Rachel!	Tell me about it. When she take a day off or two and there’s breaking news I start shouting where is Rachel.	others
2781	'Thanks sweetheart' says the teenager handing over my coffee at the airport. Um. I'm probably old enough to be your Dad FFS.	I still love being called sweetie or darl' by people. Makes me feel young!	I love it too just quietly. Just grinned and walked off. Happy days.	others
2782	Says the stereotypical self congratulating remain voter. The replies here are full of you. Like clones. Smug, full of your own self importance and judging others against your own fanatical views	Tell him kev	I felt better for sending it... For an instant. Bloody twitter. It'll cause WW3	others
2783	I love my ocs so much??? like, wow?? i would end worlds for them??	sorry for shouting but I don’t even watch a lot of the series your OCs’ universes are in *but I’m still lov because ocs are fuckin amazing people fight me on this*	OCS ARE AMAZING AND EVERY SERIES WOULD BE NOTHING WITHOUT THEM!! and its ok!! the ocs im yelling the most about right now are my own from my own story and I LOVE THEM A LOT	others
2784	So we live in a world where Bohemian Rhapsody (an enjoyable yet run-of-the-mill 3* biopic) gets a Best Pic nom over First Man (a 5* masterpiece of a movie). Wow.	It’s almost like having a narrow body of mostly alike individuals deciding who is nominated isn’t a good idea.	, I don’t mind Bohemian getting a nom but over first man! No way	others
2785	best sort of but not really christmas movie	Is last Friday referring to Friday after next ?	damn yeah why did i think it was called last friday lmao	others
2786	my PS4 has 116 gigabytes and it’s struggling to download a 800 megabyte update	I dont do maths. Is that bad?	In conclusion my PS4 thinks it’s hard to download small updates	others
2787	you've got to be shitting me why are people angry about this	(a few) people more than likely That we shouldn't give any attention But everyone gonna	it's ridiculous and while obviously not indicative of the community as a whole these people are going to be loud enough to make it difficult to ignore	others
2788	busy week.. and it's just in the middle	Welcome to the club! is the best job in the world!	don't tell them!	others
2789	Hate when people say they don't choose their significant others based off looks lmao stop lying!!	Riggght. It may not be a main factor but don’t act like physical attraction ain’t a thing	I think it's top 2 factors and it ain't 2	others
2790	ok music helps me when i’m down what’s a song you like when you need cheering up ?	“My Type” by	thanks ill check it out	others
2791	I'm so tired sdksk. Worst mistake I did was go to sleep at 3 am and wake up early for a 3 hour orientation .__.	yei go sleep when you get home :(	Hhh I can't. I have home work and other things to do	others
2792	Oh good lord .  Your move, but I suspect this is check mate.	If only I still had this jacket... leave it with me	Is this a scene from Scooby Doo?	others
2793	Hell Yeah	Only person you have to reply to is football	Looool you know	others
2794	O2 can suck on my fucking balls today	Hahaahahhahahaahha still not fixed ???	3G is being the biggest pile of wank	others
2795	i spent two and a half days listening to	this is hilarious! How do I find this on my Spotify?	yeah i guess i really like ari?!?! hahahah !!	others
2796	Part of my youth just died. RIP	Have you ever fallen if wroth someone you shouldn't have. Yeah with # RIP XX	I taped it off the radio	others
2797	Yeah but I’m still broke	Grow uppp please can you read my message	Please don’t come for me. The one I replied to?	others
2798	weLL	shut up	i breathed	others
2799	For everyone voting pads- enjoy sitting in your own blood, crackheads	I’d rather sit in my blood for hours than risk getting toxic shock syndrome from a wad of cotton I shoved into my pussy	Ok then	others
2800	laid ease i cut my hair!	she snapped! loving the look u look like a fine spice	thank uuuu	others
2801	seen this all over my tl but what song do I look like? could be literally anyone :)	pink	yes i love her	others
2802	My wife was asking about starting to read Homestuck + I recommended starting with Problem Sleuth to see if she'd like the humor Entirely unrelated, I seem to now be re-reading Problem Sleuth >->	Problem Sleuth is compelling stuff so no surprise there	It's either very smart or profoundly dumb Either way it's terrifying how much it's warped my humor - Homestuck even more	others
2803	someone force me to go to the library please I am begging you	do it	thanx	others
2804	I finished my fanart of Charlie from Humor Me by  It might not be the most accurate to the character, but I tried to get the colors close.	"Niiiice ! I love it ! she looks kinda shy but I'm sure she's just thinking ""please don't mind me ang go away"" :D"	Thanks!  Also, this just fit too well.	others
2805	Cyrus unfollowed me help	Karma	But don't bc I acc dont wanna bother him-	others
2806	i see becky on saturday i literally haven’t seen her since august i am so excited	Have fun g, tell her I said hiii	i will do!! still sad you’re not coming :((	others
2807	Reminder that Tetris Effect is the best game of 2018. Stop waiting for a sale and buy it. It's worth the $40. It's worth $60. It's the best version of the best game of all time.	"Okay but ""why"" ""do"" ""you"" """"put"" ""everything"" ""in"" """"quotes"""""""	Sorry! It's our house style on any intellectual property, and that includes games.	others
2808	I'm s-s-so c o l d.	You too? This weather is pissing ns off.	I h8 the cold	others
2809	HOLY FUCK IM	hol*	Just imagine if we get these with all the members I-	others
2810	I hope I'm always nicer than I feel.	You are better. But I hope to help you make yourself feel the best you can!	Thank you. I love you.	others
2811	Start of 2018 - Went to my first Smash tourament! October of 2018 - Went to my last Smash tourament!  God I was so late to the scene lmao Only 5 touraments but omg those were the best days of my life I love everyone I've met through smash and will continue to in Ult  See ya S4 :)	say Mario is top 10 do it	Mario is not top 10, he's 10.5 on the tier list	others
2812	I am on my third migraine of the week...	Sending you healing thoughts friend.	Thank you. I’m too full of feelings, all the pressure is building and building inside	others
2813	I was at this game, and the instant this at-bar started, everyone in the stadium knew it was on. Just power vs power and see who wins.	A. Crazy how that first fb moved so much more than the others B. I wish we could know the exit velo on the foul ball and the hr	there are so many technological advancements that i wish had happened just 10-15 years earlier for Bonds	others
2814	A strange new cat visited my garden for the first time today. I think he or she’s a bit suspicious of me	For one second I thought that was my Frank! Very similar markings.	I hope you know where Frank is at the moment! At least now I’ve got something call this cat if he or she returns, thanks!	others
2815	mother of god what an absolute unit of a UST	LORD	i am deceased  i cant imagine how much time and effort the person who made it put in its truly amazing i could never do something so complicated lol	others
2816	Dawg. Im so excited for Super Smash bros.	you copped the switch ?	Nah my podna got that hoe. Ima run that bitch this weekend tho he got another controller.	others
2817	I have been persuaded by to try the new Fortnite update. Do I stream it for an hour or nah? Send halp.	Of course not... You stream it for two hours.	Top tier gif. I like.	others
2818	My boss just got me a caribou coffee gift card & I hate coffee lol, but thank you though.	Or meee	Lol Noo I’m getting tea now	others
2819	I think I’d pay for the train ticket.	I can’t imagine how long the lines would be	Yes! Didn’t even consider that. Not worth it	others
2820	Wait what? Does she think...is she confused about what mincemeat is? Or is she implying that in the UK the things they call mincemeat pies are in fact cookies/biscuits? Help!	They are not cookies	Okay, phew. I was starting to feel like I was in the Twilight Zone. I mean my mother lived in England for a bit and mastered the art of mincemeat pies. They were my favorite as a kid. Now they make me want to hurl.	others
2821	2019 I'm planning to push myself physically. I've proved that you can drop 5 stone and get back doing bits, now i plan on becoming an absolute BEAST	Doner Meat & Chips tonight ?	that's you bruv	others
2822	I am never shooting my shot.	Hugs. Don't stop shooting	I've stopped	others
2823	I guess y'all approve of this	This is disgusting. Clearly shows intent NOW doesn’t it?	If NHL, NHL Player Safety and Players Association don't do anything about this, THEN THEY REALLY DONT CARE ABOUT PLAYER SAFETT AND WE SHOULD ALL PROMOTE, CONDONE AND CELEBRATE PLAYERS INJURIES!!! RIGHT ??? YOUR MOVE GARY!!!!	others
2824	Caught up with	Been trying to work out who it was? Or was it a random body?!	I didn't recognise who it was either	others
2825	Dickhead Mode Activated	Ma shit been activated since 15’ smh	I should've activated it witchu	others
2826	Going to miss this guy so, so much. He was one of a kind and I still can’t believe he won’t be walking into the office to annoy me ever again. Love you mate, will always miss you	Still shocked Caroline It must feel so strange and sad in the office without him. I can just picture him there now x	It’s the worst. We’re heartbroken. We’re a family at clear. A family for life.	others
2827	It kinda sucks that of the 3 places I'd consider moving to next, they contain 2 of the only 3 sports teams on earth I legitimately hate	LA (lakers), but where else?	Maple Leafs. Luckily I ain't never living in Pats land tho lmao	others
2828	i don’t even listen to music on spotify	tongue tied is the most important song in the world	u only speak the truth	others
2829	No its not good, being only child sounds too good	i second this	Im eldest of 4	others
2830	julies bff got sent to the office for smacking a kid in the face for pulling her hair AND TO THAT I SAY HE DESERVED IT	Same shit happened to me as a kid. Boy came at me and my bff so I shoved his ass and I got in trouble. I hope that girl’s mom lights up their asses.	omfg fuck that!! I hope so too. those little boys need to learn. I told julie that girl had the right to protect herself and so does she.	others
2831	okay val and i have found the best video on the internet	I CANT FUCKING BREATHE	EVERY TIME I LOOK AT IT I START CRYIN	others
2832	eu gostei dessa foto	e esse óculos de kpopper ae jksksksksksk to zoando ta lindo	the attack of san jayeok	others
2833	I got the New Age Black Armory Shader. I am now more superior than you.	Holy shit. I need that shaded. where can you get it, the Forge?	Got it from dismantling a Forge weapon	others
2834	Please pray for my Christmas tree thus far in decorating. It’s lopsided.	You should see ours. Katt Scruffington keeps knocking the damn thing over, now it’s lopsided AND curved. Like the worlds worst dick. Pictures as soon as I return to the AUG.	OMG I’m so excited	others
2835	sorry guys but i think i’m gonna do a sb spree (i love this acc and my closest mutuals so i want to feel comfortable here).... reply with a pic if you’d like to keep the mutual!!	SORRY IM KINDA LATE	DON'T WORRY EMILY, YOU'RE STILL ON TIME!!	others
2836	: a plea for A Level Frankenstein resources. I’m doing Pearson, comparing to THT but any respurces wkd help. Happy to share	We have a booklet for Frankenstein. If you let me know your email address, I'll send over what we have. We do EdExcel for THT and Frankenstein.	Oh wow, thanks. I’m not teaching it this year but can pass it on to the teacher who is: taylorl@Lydiardparkacademy.org.uk	others
2837	Petit Biscueeeet	Yass LANY	Omg come to their Boise show in June with us?!	others
2838	Psychopath number 2	Wait a second	You thought you were in the clear	others
2839	this cupcake just said she needed to win backstage so she can meet her husband jack avery and tyler called her a backstage security risk help	OH MY GOD WHWRE	OMG MY RADIO STATION HIS NAME IS TYLER HELP	others
2840	Just about to unload in the desert at Telfer. Love it hot.	Haha I have a contractor doing Telstra sites out there. Middle of nowhere?	Nah it’s not too bad.	others
2841	A tribute >>>>>>continuously bringing him up.	She can’t bring up her ex?	She bring the man up every other day and let’s not forget she left him for his best friend. Let’s cut it out now.	others
2842	Purple gin and Prosecco mixed together yeah. Top notch	This just gave me an idea. I've got some passionfruit gin liqueur that I didn't know what to do with	Prosecco and ice babe x	others
2843	Astro world is just a bunch of auto tuned thrown into each song! This new age of music is not looking good!	At least the songs are good though, The Light is Coming sounds like a btec Lemon by NERD, even that was a mess	Eh...good is a fine word I guess...there’s nothing really special about any of them. They sound like any other rap song. TBH Drake could do them all better. I honestly don’t know why everyone is so for him...Kylie?...	others
2844	5 meeting day: completed Always Cheating Advice Shop: open We're opening up a special mini-edition of the Always Cheating Advice Shop. 100% accurate answers to your dilemmas for the next 15 minutes starting...now.	Will Auba get rested this weekend vs Hud?	I doubt it - maybe off the bench tho	others
2845	i don’t even like you.	So what time am I pulling up?	you can’t read?	others
2846	Kylie’s face when the streamers didn’t drop down last night I love this woman	The best part of this video is you both knowing all her ad libs and singing them with her	lmao I’m so bad for doing that	others
2847	1D drama in 2018 huh	What	Z released a song supposedly abt 1D and Lewis vague tweeted at him calling him a hypocrite	others
2848	Jsjsksjsj that's so cute I feel bad for her tho	false alarm he accepted her too lmao	Oh I'm disappointed now	others
2849	How is this considered “cute shit”	im trollin babygirl	Nah I was asking a serious question bc mfs really call this “cute”	others
2850	I had to draw a Shiro to match the Keith I drew on his birthday, cos I couldn't let him be alone	He is so pretty!!!	thank you!!!	others
2851	Numbah fiiive	Susie mfin carmichael lol	That’s my second choice lol	others
2852	3 words... 3 words	ironic you say 3 words.. cause i did say 3 words that had you stampeding to my mentions when i wasn’t talking to you	i asked a question, you’re the only one on the defense here babe.	others
2853	My house is either burning up or ice cold. There’s no in between.	You tried killing me with that heater	You turned on the heater last night while I was making the quesadillas	others
2854	...more like 50%, for me. Do better, Momoa.	I've threatened to shank people just for folding page edges. Ripping pages out of books for attention? Yeah, I'd be knee-capping him.	I KNOW, RIGHT?	others
2855	i’m listening to channa mereya i’m going THRU it	O PIYAAAAAAAAAAA	im crYING I FORGOT HOW MUCH THIS SONG MAKES ME CRY	others
2856	Now it's officially on my profile on their web page, I just want to share on twitter that I'm now a	We're delighted to have you as an Ambassador Tina!	thank you I'm very touched & honoured to accept :)	others
2857	so my emails been hacked and I can’t login to get any emails! I’ve tried to recover my account with all the info and your still saying it’s not enough to prove it’s me! What an absolute joke I have important things on there regarding my childrens therapy sessions!!	Hi, Hayley. We understand how important this is for you. Can you provide us the link on where you're trying to recover your account/form you filled out? When was the last time that you were able to log in successfully?	I last logged in at 3am this morning	others
2858	WHY IS THERE NOT MORE HOT ALCOHOL DRINKS?! I am cold.	Literally anything in hot cocoa. I prefer creme de menthe. Make sure to make your hot chocolate with your favorite milk substitute instead of water.	i come over and we drink hot alcoholic beverages!	others
2859	Santa Ana is literally flooding lol	Same here in LA	I hope you know how to swim	others
2860	So to conclude, if you're out	That’s bizarre. I’ve shopped there loads this year and have never had a bad experience. Can never fault the service.	You've obviously never bought anything up front and had to wait for it to arrive mate. They took my money in store and now won't let me know when boots will arrive. Is a shame as was looking at getting a Garmin. Will never buy from them again	others
2861	I come from a largely Republican family, and was a conservative myself (both, socially and economically) until the age of 19, which was 6 years ago. Curious to know who else has had a similar experience/transformation/awakening?	Most of my family is establishment liberals. I’m a leftist	My sister is a shitlib, but the rest of my family are Republicans	others
2862	Hello and thanks for the follow	You are very welcome, hope you have a lovely rest of evening! :0)	You too!	others
2863	Y’all gone stop challenging me	You just couldn’t wait to post this....BITCH best 2/3 ????	Run it again then	others
2864	Ugh if it wasnt for that “MAKE it there” this would’ve been absolute perfection	I love the brand new oh oh u oh oh part sooo much	That’s so random	others
2865	Episode 14 is the  We pair this exciting with the classic album Philadelphia Freeway. This episode is Check it out on all platforms. Search 'Blam Blam Podcast'	This album hit for senior year very hard	Facts!	others
2866	Who’s had/have intro to Africana studies w Prof. Williams ?	he’s easy	It’s a woman lol	others
2867	Hodllll... whales coming in..	Eth is going to zero	I wouldn't be so sure.. that is the point..	others
2868	i gave seungmin so much love in 2018, every day of the year i sent him love in some form, and i’m going to double that in 2019 until he realises how loved he is	this makes me	i just want my minnie to know he’s the greatest thing on earth :(	others
2869	I lowkey be slaving my helper. If you’re a helper we be dogging you and treat you like disposal paper	They should be happy to have a job. Y’all paid your dues	very true	others
2870	We have had a 2nd and 7th place tonight , I'm full of tears , cnat beleave we have won a special award too .. night night pals	That face, that face... it will always be with us forever <3	It sure will that's for sure	others
2871	pregnant ladies are so sexy not only in the id smash way but like they are so STRONG and amazing for carrying a HUMAN INSIDE OF THEM like wtf that shit is so crazy	Not all i got out of this... but even girls think about smashing preggos too?	i do anyways can’t speak for the rest of em	others
2872	dec 6th, my birthday	happy birthday bub	thank u sm lov	others
2873	Joy during peek-a-boo era is partially the reason i own thigh high boots	pls she was too cute	I know!! now im just looking for the dress	others
2874	How u go to the dictionary and still wrong	how you read a screen shot, but one see one sentence ?	Bruh this convo is argue I can't argue with fools	others
2875	Night night everyone, sweet dreams!	tucks Bumble Barney and Edward into dream land with lots of hugs and cuddles. You all look so cozy and warm. Raspberry said she wanted to stay. I told her we have to let little sleeping bear get their sleep. WE love you all very much.	Awwwww! That's so lovely thank you for tucking us up so beautifully, you and Raspberry are welcome to stay whenever you want because we love you both so much! *big hugs*	others
2876	Who knew at 25 people from high school would still be acting like they’re in high school	They’ll keep doing it longer than 25.	At least I have some entertainment to look forward to	others
2877	Me: yeah I'm not going to get to go home after Christmas break until next November. Grandma: wow that's an awful long time. I'm sure your mom is really sad. and that's how my grandma made me cry today goodnight I'm going to bed see you tomorrow	Softie WOMAN UP AND GET THAT LA BREAD	I am a softie when it comes to my family so	others
2878	2-3 or maybe 3-2. Memphis is the only for sure loss. Anything else can go either way	How is Memphis a for sure loss???	They’re a really good team and it’s on the road	others
2879	The shrimp and grits I made lastnight and the collard greens I made Thanksgiving legit taste like theres smoked meat in them. But there’s not lol	Well what’s the recipe	The grits or the greens	others
2880	Honest question. If we didn't have our current president, would GHWB be getting the accolades and complimentary write ups which he is now getting?  I'm not suggesting he doesn't merit them, I'm asking would he be getting them...	no	That's what I think, as well.	others
2881	Friends don’t date friends ex’s	It happens ¯\_(ツ)_/¯	If that’s the case I have zero respect for you lmao	others
2882	Classes cancelled. Ain’t shit sweeter	Unexpected Credit alert	Yeah that’s sweeter	others
2883	No need to fear colon	Great to hear you mentioning alternatives to colonoscopies for ! Options like the FIT test are much cheaper, more convenient to patients and far more accessible - might be a great option for some folks!	Yup! Some people are scared of getting screened because they think their only option is a colonoscopy, but we're making sure that people know there's other options!	others
2884	For?	How u dont know the difference and u have a ceaser	You clearly didn’t really read the tweet	others
2885	Depression meal supreme ™	That’s a nice time not a depression meal	Ok true but every meal is a depression meal when u have bad feels	others
2886	~ We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl ~	Love that song	Me too :))	others
2887	I think in 2020 I'm going to try to buy my first house	Same dude it just doesnt make sense to rent anymore	Gamer house when? LMAO	others
2888	where can i watch the musical?? Is there anything to watch at all	// i mean,,, it isnt the whole thing and the qual is p shit but,,,	i love the songs : ((((	others
2889	Salad kits are a whole hustle. No.	and I'm a sucka for them. lol	Really. I am looking at them like these people tripping for this little bit of lettuce and a spice pack...	others
2890	Unsurprising am i right guys	7 hours in heaven babes	Best 7 hours of my life	others
2891	I am so t*rned on i might d*e aha!!!!!!!!!!	read this as torned on and i was like hm. that’s new	Nsagsvsvsvsb Honestly that too! Tear me completely apart, Seh*n!!!!	others
2892	My dudes but please	Are you deep in the next 2 races? Any single? Good luck.. would be a big score.	3 deep and 3 deep	others
2893	The fruits of my labor, I enjoy them while they’re still ripe.	*que suitar strings* Bonita Applebum You Gotta Put Me On. Bonita, Bonita, Bonita. *remix* She A Bad Apple, You'd She Rotten. Phresh 2 Death, Naturally Stay Popping. She A Bad Apple, High On The Trees. Everybody Wanna Taste, She Even Trapped Eve. *rewind* Bonita, Bonita, Bonita	That was dope	others
2894	You? Lindrea? Over exaggerating things? Nooooooooooo	You are so mean to me	I do it out of love	others
2895	I mean she used it wrong so	You actually should be able to put essential oils on your body so this is wild	I think she personally had an allergy also so I'm confused	others
2896	Worst coaching hires could make: 1. Charlie Weiss 2. Bill Snyder 3. Ken Whisenhunt 4. A feral dog 5. Audience-polled, in-game play selection	Wonder what Pepper Rodgers is up to	Also a better option!	others
2897	my ornaments are very on brand	WHERES THE PHANATIC	I don't have one get me one for xmas	others
2898	I’m now at the point in my cold, where the snot actually comes out when I blow my nose. Big day for me.	You still crook, sweet lady?	Much better today Pebbs was a nasty cold!	others
2899	Santa Ana is literally flooding lol	Dude Warner was so bad this morning haha	On 1st & Bristol there were 3 cars stopped lol I thought I was gonna get stranded waiting for the green light	others
2900	I have to get a grab bag gift for my office Christmas party tomorrow, its gotta be $10, orange or start with G need some help	gingerbread	Oh shit that’s good, I’m wandering around target looking for shit lol	others
2901	Big Trouble wouldn't start on Monday. After some complex tests it was discovered it was because the battery expired in 2009.	What a trooper. At least that's a super easy DIY fix.	Already replaced & purrin away.	others
2902	Have you any secret Santa priced tequila or whiskey based options? And hip flasks at all?	Got some hip flasks, there’s mini mezcals with the worm....... whisky stones and the whisky water... don’t ask....	I’ll pop in tomorrow lunch	others
2903	Hi will be available pls?	Give the latest EAP a try ;-)	On it! Thanks	others
2904	Love it when I can hear my stepdad insult me on how I'll do on my interview today. Real great confidence booster, yep. Saying to ignore him is nothing to me, btw, but thanks for everyone's concern, it actually tears me apart.	You should punch that bitch mouth of his.	I honestly would. He told me i should wear more perfume in case I have a guy interviewing me. So fucking rude.	others
2905	okay so I wrote this a while back and WHAT THE FUCK JIMIN??!??	Well...... did he lie?!?!? Dude couldn’t even be late coming back from class without the other giving a panic attack	you’re going to be in for treat, Park Jimin isn’t holding back today	others
2906	- total shit! 6 1st class tickets bought for 50th birthday celebrations- no hot food, shitty butties & no hot drinks... no staff only lovely Kade & Ryan who isn’t even on duty serving! Complete crock of shite	Sorry to hear that you're having a disappointing journey tonight Andrea. Which service is this please? ^JC	it’s the 2033 from kings X, Kade your food man is awesome but trying to make the best out of a terrible situation!	others
2907	Wow Kyler Murray picking baseball, less in the short term, interesting decision	Brandon Weeden. Start with baseball. Take the millions in signing bonus. Potentially fizzle out after a couple years in the minors. Go make millions being a back up QB somewhere. Boom.	Scott Boras just like	others
2908	My life...	You got it ? Lol	Yeah for like a week now lol	others
2909	Mlrt I don’t hate Hyuna btw I actually really love her music and I think she’s a phenomenal performer but like lol	Hyuna's always been for the hoes	And we’re happy	others
2910	"When your dentist uses the word ""trauma"" to to describe the effects of your nighttime teeth grinding, you've really gotta pause and re-evaluate some things in life."	Get a bite guard. You’ll get used to it.	Do you have an expensive one that’s been professionally fitted or just the kind you buy at the store?	others
2911	おはよーございます。 スマブラSP発売ですね！！	Hey There!	Good morning! Today is SmashBrosUltimate release day.	others
2912	“A word in your shell like, Fletch.” The Genial Harry Grout Remembering Peter Vaughan who died on this day two years ago.	Wonderful actor	Yes, one of the finest and a lovely man. I loved his performance in Porridge, magnetic, sinister and humorous allay the same time. He was also wonderful in Our Friends in the North. paid fine tribute to him through Folk Horror Revival and had a touching exchange.	others
2913	When you’ve just stuffed your face with a Christmas burger from	On a Friday?!	I moved it due to my Christmas party, very much regretting that decision now!	others
2914	3yrs since kfc n btown cinema, big love 2 my best pal xx	me watching the transition of u both get more indie	gotta be coming to a full circle point soon x	others
2915	Skin.	So DAM FINE	Thank you	others
2916	Lmfaooo don’t knock it till ya try it	Girl... I cannot lol I’ll vomit and throw everything off	LMFAOOOOOO, can’t be a random hook up def actually gotta like the person	others
2917	Anybody have any recommendations on how to clean all white shoes the best?	They sell this badass soap at Walmart I forgot the name but just brush them with it, and they come out real white.	Is it a powdered soap? D:	others
2918	Absolutely a joke- how can	I’ve been affected however if the network is down how would you expect o2 to message its customers?	A simple email would be good because WiFi isn’t down though?	others
2919	Haven't made an ohranger, carranger, a gingaman, or a gogov yet. I probably can't do a GogoV without breaking the family rule or throwing off the team balance in general.	Also, make the GoGoV Sixth Silver, because Titanium Ranger.	Nah, if I was to make one, i'd rather not borrow a color scheme from a ranger that already exists in a way.	others
2920	Ngl my favorite play a teammate made in a comp game was probably in s4 when blinking in as Artemis late game and getting a quadra in 2 back to back fights	What about huge geb blink ults?	Would’ve been a 5 man ult too, if it wasn’t for them damn minions.	others
2921	That's a terf reddit fyi	Oh shoot, I didn’t know. I skimmed through the post and related to it towards my gender confusion specifically, should have realized they were terfs :/	It's okay babe! Just wanted to make sure you knew	others
2922	Fascinating. This connects a	I tweeted or RT'd a few things about the events and immediately saw bots going nuts with those tweets. Most were US rightwing nuts, who obviously have no serious interest in the events here.	I think most Americans are interested in France, actually. The ones who watch Fox News are seriously misinformed, however.	others
2923	can we talk about the season 7 skins on Fortnite pls. sooooooo much better than 6	AGREE	and they give u two skins at the beginning to level up instead of just one	others
2924	i made a meem xd	Stale and bad.	Dit you just like your own comment? Xddd	others
2925	getting into the fucking time travel part of ddd	they time travelled at the beginning of the game there's no escape	OKAY FAIR but now they’re actually talking about it in depth and expecting me to listen	others
2926	Hello	Hey Leilani! How are you this week?	I have a cold so feeling a bit sorry for myself	others
2927	Cs free to play, friends anyone please	I’m down just got free time	I'm boutta play my first battle royale	others
2928	I went through a lot of trial and error to get here but I’m happy where I’m at now	this makes me happy	Luv u	others
2929	games pal.	I'm voting against	Woah woah pump the breaks a little. I get voting against current GOP but don't vote against all GOP. The worst the Republicans do is nothing, the worst the Dems do is push for gun control.	others
2930	I feel like this sums up my life tbh	Hahahaha I love that	it’s a never ending cycle of “I love my degree” and “what the fuck do I do with English”	others
2931	The Man Who Sold the World by Nirvana	this version is better	I used to have the opinion as yours but I changed my mind, perhaps because there is some kind of saddens is Nirvana's version I couldn't found in any other versions.	others
2932	Kate is impressed with how many boobies are in my sketchbook	I’m listening...	I will have to set up an alternative blog on my site just to post these. Damn those non friendly boob clauses	others
2933	Birthday girl	Happy Birthday gorgeous	Thank you pretty	others
2934	Spent yesterday up in it's coming in the next few days. Stay tuned.	what! You and I need to do lunch next time you are back in NYC!	Absolutely! I was in and out faster than the wind!	others
2935	100100110000011010001100001111010011001011000001101101111100110000011001101110101110001111010111101001110111011001111000001101100110100111001101100101	Idk what you’re up to but if this is standard ASCII, it’s literally just gibberish	Hahahaha it’s literally gibberish I know	others
2936	Filing that in “things that never happened”	Did you put it right next to the story about how you lost your virginity?	Im still a virgin	others
2937	Hey everyone - beards aren't in anymore. We all have to shave our stupid faces now.	This ain’t a beard tho	I think that's a beard. Admittedly, it looks off because of the way his face and neck look, but I think that counts as a beard.	others
2938	I honestly can’t stand two faced people do us all a favour and piss off	Nice meme and	Wow thnx just a little something something	others
2939	My new glasses are really cute	The ones on the left are bloody amazing	Thanks love	others
2940	As a fan, which fan base is most annoying to you?	Dbacks. They just annoy the life out of me.	agreed but most will probably jump ship now	others
2941	Man, I sincerely hope he never plays again. Way too risky.	hell yeah. i hate it for him too	Right. Because you can see how much he wants to be back but playing football isn’t worth the risk of not being able bodied, especially with two young kids.	others
2942	hot	spicy	wanna do something spicy	others
2943	haffi watch dis 1ya	LMAAAOOO I need to stop trolling cos I've never been so single	I literally love you, I’m actually ben up	others
2944	Words matter, and as our understanding of social justice evolves, our language evolves along with it. Here’s how to remove speciesism from your daily conversations.	So it's also acceptable to steal families' pets right off their porch and euthanize it for no reason?	For the truth about PETA's shelter, please see:	others
2945	Imagine that xx	My bank account	I’m paying but you just need to make me a golden ticket	others
2946	cait rlly out there living life on the edge	i want context to this what did i do	probably freshers	others
2947	Ruben Neves is my favourite shot map rn. His 30 open-play shots *put together* haven't hit 0.75 expected goals	He's scored 2 right? How do we quantify if he's wasteful? Is there a pass availability metric?	I think they may have been set pieces, one was certainly a pen. As for wasteful vs other options, not sure, and it’s probably as much a philosophical question as a statistical one I think	others
2948	1. Best ever Christmas song. 2. Worst ever Christmas song. Leave yours in the comments and I'll add them all up at the end and we'll have a definitive answer. *I Will only add them all up if less than 8 comments due to me being a lazy fuck and not really caring. Cheers. x	Best. Wizzard. I wish it could be Christmas every day. Worst. Beckham's kid's song.	never heard and never will Beckham's son song.	others
2949	Afternoon craft after a wet walk on the beach with	Doeshave a boyfriend ?	No... just a friends dog that needed a walk today & I was happy to take him to the beach with me &- she’s too much a to have a BF	others
2950	aw yeah that’s the ratio i like to see	okay but 1. have you watched the Christmas Switch yet and 2. did you catch their baking faux pas that had us wondering if anyone who worked on the movie had ever baked in their life?	NOT YET i’m saving it for tonight	others
2951	White people adopting awesome black kids smells like ass to me.	The kids needing to be adopted in the first place is definitely worse but go off	Tell that to all these gay couple talking about you can have a family through adoption only and not the naturalxway God intended.. every adopted child is from a destroyed broken family	others
2952	My doctor called me at 4:20 pm and I called back immediately at 4:10pm and it’s saying the office is closed. Wow	something aint adding up	Literally! How y’all call me and close in less than a minute.	others
2953	is another good documentary from B.T Sports. Can see similarities of Man Utd then and now. They are struggling to cope after Fergie the way they did after Busby.	Watched that last night when I got in good program	Was good mate. B.T do some class documentaries. The Corinthians one is good.	others
2954	One day until Smash Ultimate's release. Prepare yourself, friends.	8 hours now for the US, the last region ;n;	8 hour trip aboard the hype train. Sounds fun.	others
2955	Thinking about trying something new in the near future. Would you be interested in a Packers jersey Scramble where every spot gets a jersey? Spots would be Scrambled and you would pick your jersey based on the order of the Scramble results.	yea, how much you thinking?	We’d have to price them out. It’d be a mix of some “lower” ones and maybe one or two really good ones.	others
2956	Looks like the interstage is a write off	Do you think that is water in the interstage or a piece missing? It will be very interesting to get a good look at this booster once they lift it out of the water in port.	Looks like there's a chunk missing in the first picture	others
2957	Can’t deal with being down any longer	Get a life	Happy now it’s working	others
2958	Cheers Ellen! I didn't use to like beer, but thankfully I took my own advice!	Congrats buddy. You are almost smiling	I was trying not to show off!	others
2959	do it	Cutting one's head of is counter-intuitive. 0/10, for lack of understanding of biology.	whatever at least I’m not a stupid pony	others
2960	And CS:GO is now free to play!	Shop noch nich geupdated	Scheint so.. I think?	others
2961	LMFAO	too much fortnite and irrelevant yters in this one	i mean fortnite changed youtube I dont mind that its just who the fuck are these youtubers	others
2962	everyone, what emotion do you interpret this cat as representing?	Tired and lightly confused	GOD. what a mood dndnd	others
2963	Why we haven't adopted Humuhumunukunukuāpuaʻa (meaning reef triggerfish) continues to baffle me.	Oh contraire, my friend. I think you’ll find that particular word entered our cultural discourse more than a decade ago...	Wow I am astounded. Thank you for enlightening me! I feel so foolish	others
2964	Well, that was bad-  Their choice of memes and themes doesn’t flow together very nicely.  I think it could’ve been real helpful if the video had a format- The video could’ve been a giant battle royale or something Also.   bongocat	With that like to dislike ratio, we already know that it’s horrible	I watched the whole thing before looking at the like/dislike and comments because I wanted to have my own opinion- But I really should’ve saved some time and just looked and trusted :)	others
2965	Thanks	What happened to the rest?	Bro. I lost the whole bag. I put it on top of my car to let some friends in in Downtown Mobile and told one of them to grab it but no one did and it must’ve fell off. I’ve retraced my steps and everything but...nothing	others
2966	I've had these books all semester. I feel a sense of attachment and appreciation to them. They're getting returned today. I hope they find a nice home.	F	I deserve this.	others
2967	Jesus fuck	real eye roller of a Cory Booker quote in here	when I got to the booker quote my eyes popped how can you want to be president and drop THAT	others
2968	Him?  Not at all.  That's all her. A cutie.	Is he trying to make her melt? It's working.	It's only the truth.	others
2969	Last ever Sideline View tomorrow evening. Will be sitting down with Davy Fitzgerald ahead of the Jack Lynch Memorial game on Saturday & I’ll be picking my highlight from my time in Clare FM!	I’ve argued with you a few times Derrick but the best man to keep a foreign lad up to date with the local stuff! Best of luck in the next venture	Appreciate that Noel	others
2970	Give and I 10min topics... go....	Gender roles in marriage...I often find myself not fitting the feminine role (breadwinner and work full time) and I beat myself up all the time for not being “feminine enough”	I’m more “he guy” in our marriage!!	others
2971	RIP to Pete Shelley, the man who sang such great songs as Orgasm Addict	Oh man that’s a bummer.	I just tried listening to one of these and I couldn’t, it’s hitting me harder than I would have expected	others
2972	Alors. CSGO viens de passer free to play & à sorti un Battle Royal. J'ai rien contre le BR, mais rip le nombre de smurf qui va je pense augmenter pour ceux qui jouent encore activement en ranked.	Csgo free tu est limité tu peux pas faire grand chose	What is included with CS:GO? CS:GO (now available for free) is the full game. New CS:GO players will receive access to all game modes, matchmaking, and a limited set of item drops and weapon cases.	others
2973	Lyft launched in 2012. Took 6 years for it to make it's way to Sask. Which is right on the average of the 5 to 10 years we are normally behind everywhere else	got a strip club yet? no ok I'm not moving back	Nipples are only ok if alcohol isn't being served....nnless it's for charity.  Honestly its a non issue for me, never been to one. But I should be able to if I wanted to. Instead we let a very small group of no nipplers decide what's right for everyone.	others
2974	This is so accurate!!!	Yep. Style for me. With a tiny bit of Black Space lol	Creepy!!! It made me super happy!	others
2975	hi best friends!!!!	hi bestie	hey bestie x	others
2976	Well, your surname says it all	Its not funny	sorry sis	others
2977	You know you’re stoners when your roomate gets a tooth out and can’t smoke (bc dry sockets) so we talk about nose dabs	Honestly, genius and plausible	Thank u for the support!!	others
2978	For everyone voting pads- enjoy sitting in your own blood, crackheads	we will	Good	others
2979	You know im a pc gamer.. for a long time now i didnt have a console but now i experience the joy again unpacking the console and setting everything up! feeling young again :D	O boi, which console? :O	switch ofc :D smash poggers	others
2980	Ready to go home now.	You are not a tree. Move	I do work for the government of Jamaica however. I would like to be paid come next week.	others
2981	Tweeting from Washington D.C.  Lobbying for new gun laws, I guess.  Which will be slapped down by SCOTUS.	Hasn’t the Hogg boy retired yet?? It seems like he’s been haranguing us for decades.	He's not making very much progress. Mainly because he doesn't understand the friggin Bill of Rights.	others
2982	a maior chacota do brasil se chama eduardo costa	Vc também é um bosta	thank u, next	others
2983	hi best friends!!!!	Hey, How are you?	i’m good what are you up to :)	others
2984	not having finals in high school is all fun and games until you don’t know how to study for finals in college!!!!	Not having finals in high school makes no sense!! Not preparing kids at all for college	Literally!! I remember them saying “the reason we’re doing this is because most colleges don’t even hand out finals anymore” lol WHAT	others
2985	"COMMISSIONS OPEN!!!  (Taking 2 more sets of for March.2019 completion) FAQ:  Keep your indoor clean and tidy in STYLE with ""Suit Sneaks""! ***Available in many styles and colors!*** DM me for a quote! RTs appreciated!"	Those too kewl. Can we see the bottom?	It varies from pair to pair. This most recent order had rubber paw pads on the soles.	others
2986	“We stopped the privatization of laundry services and this is better for Albertans” She says “private laundry services” like it’s the spawn of Satan Who cares who does the laundry? If private can do it cheaper, why not? Not EVERY job needs to be unionized.	Does it always have to be cheapest? What about quality of work?	Quality of work is also important. The minister didn’t say anything about poor quality of private services. (It was actually a question).	others
2987	This is fantastic	This is the best tweet of today hahahahaha	This is the best fandom I swear	others
2988	No nigga	You got drunk outta a shot of henny, you dont even smoke	Smh u lucky I just saw this. Never got drunk off a shot smh	others
2989	Can your insurance company they might have someone that can come do it for you lol	Too much effort, bring me a metal hanger	No I don’t have any lol	others
2990	Started working on a data science qualification to help me further my learninh coding, machine learning and statistical analysis/analytics. Can machine learning be applied to education? Hmm	Ofsted are using machine learning, but that’s probably not what you mean. project has been looking at this. Tom - can you forward link to that blog please.	Thank you! Something that might make improvements in predicting outcomes with a number of variables.	others
2991	Hey	Hey Peter, those meals pictured look like First Class meals. I hope you have a great trip. *TSR	Oh wait I know why I haven't seen this and I don't see eye to eye.	others
2992	Living in between towns is tiring, I just got here and now I might have to leave again tomorrow	dika nyani lanto fethu	I’m even tired of the traveling fethu	others
2993	Left a bag of Celebrations too near to the pipes so we’ve had to open them & test them	Have they gone bad?	Not sure, the first ones seemed ok but you couldn’t tell until they were digested so ate them all@to be on the safe side	others
2994	Mf’s be doing anything just to talk to you ...	You cute tho	But ppl look dumb with useless info lol like now I’m just annoyed	others
2995	cant wait to come home and hug my friends	hug me too x	always < 3	others
2996	State’s tax structure still broken  Bottom 10 business tax climate  Top 5 worst legal climate	Louisiana Earns Ninth Consecutive Top 10 Spot Among Best Business Climates	Not really relevant for small business. Site Selection’s rankings are more focused on issues relevant to large corporations. The companies that come to Louisiana through these major projects don’t have their board rooms based in Louisiana like small business owners do.	others
2997	Dude, I was going to pass on Ultimate since I rarely use my Switch, at least for a month or two.  But then I heard Kirby Star Allies' final boss theme is on Fountain of Dreams. And I'm a Kirby main. (Pit too, but y'know.) Y'all about to get it.	COME OVER YOU A S S	YOU SAID TOMORROW AND I HAVE MY FINAL TO TAKE	others
2998	The liason gal at work gave me this, says we all need to be in the Christmas spirit. It says jingle. :)	Aww... that’s really cute!! That was very nice of her!!	She's really great	others
2999	long sleeve pants	Who said this	Paddy	others
3000	Someone needs to warn Willow that three of Michael's former girlfriends are dead.	Should we warn her though?	I haven't made my mind up about her yet, but Chase needs a love interest...	others
3001	Well, that’s it, we are now the proud owners of a house that lives on a willie.	We can’t ever look at kintyre without thinking of m’s biology teacher spluttering her way thru explaining bout da reproductive organs	Pahahahaha no really, I cannot see it as anything else	others
3002	Do u fucking mind, thank god my glasses cover it up	Your eyelashes are so short wtf	I know :(	others
3003	So someone said “what’s two things you do at the same time?”Right away the other person said “ poop and Twitter “. Wow I’ve never related to something so much	That’s literally what I’m doing rn lmaooo	BUAHANANA it’s literally facts	others
3004	what the fuck does this mean	he looks like a watermelon sis	i wa thinkin strawberry	others
3005	Any game v Forest on October 27th was shown live on Sky? Or anyone got a complete list of all our games that have been on Sky?	Yep 5 30 Saturday	Cheers - I was just confused because I was sure it was yet in the Reading match-day prog it wasn't listed!	others
3006	Anybody? For free? Just shipping? It makes me sad to think of throwing it to the waste	By the way, may I ask where you're sending them from? I live in the Netherlands :) I'd also happily pay a little extra, just shipping is a waste for you and they seem to be in good condition!	Shipping from Austria and I’m using Hermes Service. They’re quite cheap! And yes everything is in good condition, specially the „newer“ stuff is barely used.	others
3007	But Robert. Why?	You know why	LMFAOOOO	others
3008	i KNEW a star is born and bohemian rhapsody would win golden globes how can they NOT	YESSS	i’m not even surprised they’re two of the greatest things that happened in 2018 they deserve more	others
3009	I kinda want to get my nose pierced. But like how do nose piercings on big noses work?	Lol it dont hurt it’s hard finding a loop tho	Yeah I’d want a lil hoop honestly	others
3010	hi best friends!!!!	hii wyd? :)	i’m good what are you up to	others
3011	I'll have some little watercolor guys at the gallery this Friday.	Do they have names? Or do the bears not care at all what you call them?	Bears don't care. Until they do. And then you don't want to be around.	others
3012	I crave condiments. Is that weird? Honey mustard just sounds delicious to me rn but obvs w some fries	I knew I was pregnant cause I craved mustard. I was excited for the day you’d finally be pregnant so you could feel similar things but the way you’re twinning is giving me life	Honestly! I feel like we’ve had all the same symptoms so far!! It’s so crazy how that works. Now only if would hurry up and get pregnant	others
3013	Quietly smug I switched from O2 to Three	No one cares ya prick	Such a charmer	others
3014	Madison surprised me with an early Christmas gift at work	Double twist gawk gawk? Or smash ultimate?	Dude I dont even like you, leave me alone	others
3015	Heard	Omg, yes! This happened to me a year or so ago. “sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind... the race is long, and in the end, it's only with yourself”	So true. What a genius	others
3016	James Charles can choke	What he do now	Black makeup Twitter is hypocrites lmao... buying his pallet but forgot he stood by his best friend he when called Jackie a gorilla...	others
3017	would anyone like to go eat with me?	On u??	no ho you pay for yo own food i pay for mine but i’ll drive	others
3018	Over it baseball here I come	That's my mood with basketball	You play basketball	others
3019	no. thank you, next.	ummm u were just complimenting his taste! pc is his fave	I just don’t want to see a movie where he’s paired with either of these ladies dassit	others
3020	you hella bad hoochie	thank uuu you need to post more photos so we can really see your new hair style	got you I will I’m getting it done today too , thanks	others
3021	Sometimes I spend most of the work day making minor adjustments to video/audio. Sometimes I spend my day making Irving Finkel gifs	I have not been to the BM in years, but he was always my favourite keeper. A pure joy to listen to and learn from	Q&a with him at 16:15 tomorrow on YouTube tomorrow if you're keen	others
3022	Ummm wicked	omg what font is this shes cute	it’s my own handwriting hehe	others
3023	I’m tired of hearing that “I look mean”. The fuck does that mean?	You have R.B.F... basically you’re out here minding your business and people say,” Smile sweetheart it’s not that bad..” and you’re like “Bitch I know.. TF.” Its because you have Resting Bitch Face. Ask Kathy about it... and ya mom.. no shade lol	You always talking bad about my mother on twitter like she won’t give u hands hoe	others
3024	US-based SOPRANOS fans, if you purchase THE SOPRANOS SESSIONS now, and upload your proof of pre-order to the link below,	there's a lot of things i can say right now that i'm not gonna say	At least she didn’t suffer	others
3025	I haven't even got Crossfire yet! I can't keep up ;) x	It's great, particularly Part 2!	I'll get round to it eventually ;)	others
3026	jay cheated on Beyoncé ain’t none of y’all safe lmao	Naaaaah Beyonce gave lazy head. Lets fight lmaooooo	anyone who slanders the Queen is not worth fighting. Thank u, next.	others
3027	Anybody else wanna fly to Madrid Sunday to watch the Copa Libertadores final 2nd leg	What’s this mate? I’m in Madrid at the weekend	Boca v river plate at the bernabau	others
3028	For those of you with WoT character accounts: do you consider yourself to be a lot like your character in real life?	Please disregard one vote for 'not at all' as my fat fingers accidentally voted when they were intending to scroll	I do that all the time. LOL.	others
3029	Where can I purchase gift/e-vouchers?	Hi, you can do this through your account on our website . -Andy	where on the website as I can’t find i anywhere, just the terms and conditions?	others
3030	We know we have price-sensitive consumers.	Right; everyone immediately jumping on the bandwagon that this is somehow evidence that a reduction in price generates significant mode shift.	No, that's not what I said. We know that metro users are price sensitive consumers--we have tons of empirical evidence on how consumers in LA responded to fare hikes and discounts. It's entirely possible we simply have regular transit users using transit more, not a mode shift	others
3031	ME when i end up smoking weed again after quitting for the millionth time	i got a fuckin problemmm i can go a strong week then fail again like i gotta be stronger than this	On gahhh	others
3032	LMAO sure maybe if we're including the figures after the decimal	or extreme inflation and housing will cost 10 figures	Also true!	others
3033	5K FOLLOWER GIVE AWAY / RAFFLE! Follow	do we pay for postage or is most of the raffle digital?	I’ll cover postage :3	others
3034	One day until Smash Ultimate's release. Prepare yourself, friends.	I get to prepare myself until next week cause target decided a preorder should come out a week later!	Oof, that's gotta suck. Sorry.	others
3035	Do you guys actually shop around when your car insurance is up, or do you just renew?	shop around cuzzy	I don’t think we’re cuzzies you know	others
3036	just got my nails done laid ease	Tell Jongin I want mine done too tf	i’ll ask him	others
3037	I’m in a bachata mood	Or you mean in a sick mood	Both ! Lol it’s the Domi in me that keeps me relaxed	others
3038	What’s your favourite	The oscar outfit but theu are all sinsasional	Yeah her Oscar one was fabulous, if I could of uploaded them all I would of bloody amazing!!! Hope you have a good day	others
3039	omg i hit 1k ! ilysm ♡	congrats	thank u ♡	others
3040	not to pre judge but obviously we only have one side here...	That's completely fair. I didn't handle this situation well by any means. I'm glad to own my own mistakes.  I've never pretended to be perfect. I don't shout into the phone at her once a week though. Then apologize for it after.	well if you did that it would be like u were married...isn't that what our wives do to us...lol	others
3041	Solo stans are honestly worst then antis can they be removed from the fandom?	They're not part of the fandom	True...i just wish there was some way to keep them away from all 7 of the boys.	others
3042	What is my hair doing!!!	ur skin omg holy	The sun is nature’s photoshop!!!!	others
3043	My palms are sweating!!	Let me guess... Knees weak? Arms heavy?	Oh but I didn’t have spaghetti tonight. Damn	others
3044	who the fuck thinks pidgeons are cute	we don’t have them in Indiana so idk how I’m supposed to feel about them	Brasil literally imported this shitty things during a period because the dude in charge wanted us to be more like europe	others
3045	can anyone remind me what the point of christmas is	presents	i'm buying for myself only	others
3046	Me, as a grad student who hears this all the time: “uh, okay, then I quit”	oh, i was just super stressed this morning. But you are right that i shouldn't make it seem like i have no free time since being a lecturer is a privilege that a lot of people don't have.	Oh, no hard feelings. I’m just more open to non-ac jobs now because of how much I hear this, and I think that’s a good thing.	others
3047	With coming up soon what are you looking forward to? Playing Games? Opening presents?  Seeing family?  Eating the Christmas Dinner? Anything else let us know!  Also if you don’t celebrate	I'm looking forward to it being over...	Looks like we have a Scrooge right here!	others
3048	You can follow me and not clearly stalk me and like occasionally lol x	Haha only sometimes dan only sometimes and stalking really made me laugh	Cyber stalking I've not caught you in real life yet	others
3049	Alright no bullshit is blueface really fye to y’all?	i can’t tell if they’re fr or not either	Yea shit is scaring me a little	others
3050	1. Best ever Christmas song. 2. Worst ever Christmas song. Leave yours in the comments and I'll add them all up at the end and we'll have a definitive answer. *I Will only add them all up if less than 8 comments due to me being a lazy fuck and not really caring. Cheers. x	Best: Merry Christmas Everyone by good ole Shaky  Worst: All the Band Aids apart from the first one cos that was ACE	I like the Shaky one.	others
3051	Idk why I can’t stop laughing at this	IM FUCKIN CRYINNNNNNNNN	After I rewatched it I was weak af	others
3052	$50 AMAZON GIFT CARD RAFFLE  follow +RT (can unfollow after) no quote RT it’s a physical gift card, so i’m actually not sure if it will work internationally Ends 12/15	Saw your nice giveaway on my feed but staying for awesome Twittee feed and Pancake, show us more of your kitty!	AHH that’s so sweet!!! Here is some more Pancake!!	others
3053	Would love this	10 mil just give him back ehh.. sure lol	he gets the pay day he deserves, we get to keep him for at least another season. I’ll take it. Plus he loves CBus and that’s	others
3054	People really do change huh.	What because I wouldn’t dab on my stream?	not about you, bot.	others
3055	She’s definitely going to make a stellar journalist one day	Awesome work, friend	Thank you!! Miss you and v much	others
3056	Terrible people ***	We ain’t	You a lie.	others
3057	Anyone else get really nervous during automated car washes?!?	yes used to be too anxious for them now i’m too POOR	I honestly can’t even handle them	others
3058	Twitter thinks any tweets I make with links are automated and won't let me post them :/	I find I only get these errors on mobile	This was on desktop! :s	others
3059	It’s leg day but all i want to do is stay home and watch movies all day	No let’s go to the gym	I just gotta charge my earphones	others
3060	about me: toxic, controlling, manipulative, self-centered egotistical, know-it-all ass hole who doesn't care about you or your feelings, and will yell at you under any and all circumstance eat my fucking ass.	Nop	you don't think so?	others
3061	I have every right to be left handed. So why am I right handed?	question science STILL can't answer.	I'm offended I was chosen to be a righty	others
3062	The best way to wake up and be ready for whatever is thrown at you that day: set your alarm to your favorite song.	Do not set the intro of Kill The Lights as your alarm song, you'll need to be peeled off the ceiling, I speak from experience	Haha good way to get you out of bed tho.	others
3063	Am a person full of nice gestures and a like to make ppl happy right but a think one of the cutest hings av done is surprising Sara n Beth wae DMAs tickets reaction was priceless x x	too true!!!! was so grateful, always will be xxx	U were so happy and it made me happy x x	others
3064	Thank you	That means so much you don't even know, thank you	Your music has brought me relaxation in trying times this year. I hope you keep making amazing sounds for a long time!	others
3065	My grade ten girls were offered roses today, as we recognize the National Day of Remembrance & Action on Violence Against Women. Shoutout to all men - young and old- who treat women as the incredible human beings they are, worthy of love and respect.	This is awesome	Reileyyyyyy!! YOU are awesome, love . I pray university life is treating you well. Don’t forget to pause and remember how incredible you are - gifted, intelligent, beautiful, personable. Keep shining my dear	others
3066	便乗させてください	47	LOVELOVELOVE♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡	others
3067	Yoh ghel u so good but go easy on your hands	Yeheni Zandi	lol seriously though. She’s soo good but the hands kill her vibe.	others
3068	What’s the best food/drink you’ve ever snuck into the movies?  One time I put a whole 6-pack of coors light in my bag and it was lit	omg what an amazing idea. imma sneak a 4loko into one now.	When it comes to 4loko the motto is always YOLO	others
3069	The only important size is That of the heart	Have a beautiful day!	You as well my friend	others
3070	Well, that was bad-  Their choice of memes and themes doesn’t flow together very nicely.  I think it could’ve been real helpful if the video had a format- The video could’ve been a giant battle royale or something Also.   bongocat	and no pewdiepie	I miss when he was included :’(	others
3071	Interested to see if the use Ware more in the passing game this week since he isn't likely to get much on the ground. He is a good receiver & was handling pass down work when Hunt was there.	Do you think Jordy Nelson is gonna see close to 10 catches again this week?	I think they'll have to throw it a lot but that's not a bet I'd wanna make	others
3072	how I glaze apples in a barrel follow me on YouTube	Very nice :)	Thanks so much Daria	others
3073	Shoulda got a job at McDonald’s but I like curly friessss	Archie’s is the way forward my g x	It’s a song you bag of shit skskks	others
3074	hi Jane, do u like crime novels?	I do	Cool, pls watch my book trailer & tell me if u like it:	others
3075	Slowly but surely I've been collecting Bee related Twitches. Teehee :)	Check out as well.	NSJSMDKSKS THANK YOUUUU	others
3076	15 mins in and I have abandoned Sharknado, it was too bad for even this cheese-lover to endure. Time to try Cabin Fever.	If you are into cheesy movies, have you seen Tremors? Hubby likes them. They've made 5, but I just can't watch them. Way too cheesy. Hugs	Tremors isn't cheesy, it's awesome, lol, one of my all-time faves. I have it on Blu-ray. Tremors 2 is good too, but after that the films go way downhill. There's even a TV series with lots of weird things going on.	others
3077	Lightning Collection	Still waiting for a shot of someone being struck by lightning!	I think we will need the editor for that there’s a mission that makes lightning strike really close to you. I got a snap of it hitting the ground beside me. Im sure it would have hit me if I walked a bit closer.	others
3078	Fuck YouTube. This year's rewind was just another example of YouTube leaving out of their biggest creators because they don't agree with them on how the site is run. Instead we get fortnite and Will Smith. Not surprised it's got more dislikes than likes.	tho i thought like youtube rewind was supposed to be all youtube stuff, yet there was a lot of like ?? not youtube stuff just 2018 internet in general stuff	Yeah. This year was just memes	others
3079	Working out this site for some cookies! I'm not good with websites but I'm working on it lol.	I have to keep clearing my cookies out on my pc	Don't order anything yet from the site. I'm working on a shipping ordeal before I sell them. It's a quick fix and nice pun lol	others
3080	Okay let’s be real. The shit that Netflix adds is just that. Shit.	payton I love you I literally agree with everything	Hahahah that’s why I love you and miss you so much tell your momma I said hi and I love her too	others
3081	N.O is still a banger	omg your mind	It’s so powerful pls	others
3082	i’m back i guess yo i really did not miss twitter. maybe i shouldn’t deny my mental health	i missed u	loml missed u more	others
3083	I have a job interview on Tuesday and I’m trying to stay positive but the recents ones I’ve had, well, I’m not holding my breath! Also, it’s not even 10 minutes from my house...	You got this...as Geoff would say	Haha Thankyou! I must remember this	others
3084	The way scott looks at children is too much for my little heart	You know the face I’m making at this, it’s too much	I just can’t deal rn my worlds are colliding and idk how to cope	others
3085	since everyone is doing it wrong here is the correct order of signs ranked best to worst - cancer - scorpio - sagittarius - virgo - libra - taurus  - leo - aquarius - aries - capricorn - pisces come at me so I can have the clout yeehaw	i really appreciate u for not putting scorpio’s at the bottom. what an angel	ofcc	others
3086	With self-care identified as a trend by Apple, I'm going back and re-reading this article I wrote in 2016 about games of care. I cringe reading my own writing, and my thoughts have evolved, but much of my motivation and inspiration is still the same.	I'd like to see an immersive sim (a highly systemic game with a detailed plausible setting) like System Shock/Dishonored/Thief/Deus Ex, that was based around relationships/gardening gameplay/relationships as opposed to exploiting systems.	I can't wait to see one like this. !	others
3087	Psychiatrist is having me try out taking ADHD med (as needed) in addition to my antidepressant for 30 days. Here's hoping it doesn't cause any crazy side effects.	I liked it, did not experience any wild side effects. But obv, your body chemistry is different and your experience may vary.	The way he explained it, it shouldn' affect anything but my ability to focus - my issue isn't hyperactivity, its inattention. My AD works well though, so I am mostly concerned about a new RX negatively affecting/interacting with it. And with a stimulant re-increasing anxiety.	others
3088	Dinner tonight: a recipe from Nik	That's looks amazing aside form the yoghurt, is often all vegan or easy to veganise?	Yes, all vegan except for the raita, but if you replaced it with a something like fresh mango salad that would be even better	others
3089	i started digital art in january so i know i'm not good but i think i've improved!!	you've improved so much!!!!!! i'm so proud of you	thank u sm!!!!	others
3090	hi best friends!!!!	hiii, how’re you todayyyy x	i’m good what are you up to?	others
3091	Don’t forget to have fun when you play games. Winning isn’t everything ^.^	WHAT IF ITS ONLY FUN WHEN YOU WIN	That happens but it’s not good	others
3092	I wish Spotify allowed users to see more data about their music habits. I’m tryna see more than a Top 5	more Kolohe Kai would show up tho lmaoo	That’s actually true lmao. I had all of their music on repeat for like two months straight	others
3093	samuels, wilson, AP	AP over McCoy? McCoy always seems to play well against the jets	correct. ap has a juicy matchup and should be focal point of offense in a good game script	others
3094	:( why Australia	Please help me The condition of my house is very bad, help me with God for help. I am very compassionate and help with me, I do not have to spend the house with me, please help me and help me and I Thank you very much	I hope the condition of your house improves :(	others
3095	wtf why does almost no one talk about how great of a rapper wonwoo is FUCK YALL	WE GOTTA CHECK IF OUR COMMENTS GOT MORE LIKES ON THE YT VIDEO	i dont think so i would've gotten a notif probably	others
3096	being left alone	Well that or a subscription to a Ron Paul news letter	I can... live without that. HOWEVER. I am pretty interested in this Renaissance/Mach podcast stuff. I spent a bunch of time getting Braudel's work slapped across my face by a prof who claimed to be descended from the Mach himself!	others
3097	I can see a side stage	Trying to get some photos of Jon’s thighs for	Like this?	others
3098	This is one of the best songs of all time prove me wrong	Me showing	You don’t fuck with this shit? I didn’t say the best song i said one of em lmao	others
3099	Fuck drugs, you ever been addicted to a white girl?	Nigga shut yo gay ass up	nigga where did you come from aint heard from your ass in centuries?	others
3100	This but also with people walking into Winston bubbles	oh sure stay on the other side of the enemy orisa shield this is a smart and good engage i say, crying as Ana	Why am I getting no heals?! Mate you walked into a Winston bubble. *literally 10 seconds of silence as the idiot realises they have made a huge mistake*	others
3101	Yeah, why shoot for a seat at the big boy table, when you can just be happy with whatever scraps they leave you? Good grief, what a blindingly ignorant take.	Do you really expect better from PAWWWWLLLLLL at this point?	I expected him not to be a talking bobblehead. Shame on me.	others
3102	Holly fuck followed me.	hey I don't follow swearers.	***** **** followed me!	others
3103	My surge protector just died, and it's the only piece of equipment thats lasted my entire career starting in college. thanks	That's impressive. Another reason I only buy APC backUPS.	meanwhile I have to update apple products every year	others
3104	"This has been a fucking awful year regarding wrestling deaths. The Dynamite Kid passed away on his birthday yesterday, now I just read Larry ""The Axe"" Hennig is gone"	It's sad that all the wrestlers from our era are passing away	Yeah, man. Volkoff, Vader, King's son, Anvil, and now Dynamite Kid and the Axe in back-to-back days. And that's just to name a few	others
3105	9. Working	10. Trying to get my life together	Yes that's me too !!	others
3106	X-spells tribal is a tough nut to crack, and I haven't gotten it right yet. I'm leaning toward the opinion that it's a trap archetype. You have to acquire to much mana and then leave it up or burn it all too often to feel like it's efficient. Has anyone else cracked it?	you going mizzix? riku?	I've tried it with a few different commanders. Most recently Kynaios and Tiro.	others
3107	First Thursday with the tribe is the best.	Go home please and take everybody with you	Dude, my friend has his mother with. It's way too early for them.	others
3108	This nigga had 3 weeks to do this	how you get that	I’m in Exploring Entrepreneurship and he had us do y’all grading shit	others
3109	yesterday was my half birthday and none of y’all fake ass friends sent me a bday gift i see how it is	U never got me a gift for my real bday	bitch i stole an entire sword for you	others
3110	Hi you’re prolly spammed by me bc i say it all the time but i love you	I'm loving the world 'PROLLY' way tooo much and that is both of your faults still love you tho	Hihihi oooops i use it way too much but i prolly just love it too lol	others
3111	What term do U prefer?	The question is why do y’all refer to sex with a woman using abusive words ?? Why do y’all look at it as a conquest.? Like she’s beneath you or you defeated her.?	No, the question is which term do u prefer as opposed to the ones u previously mentioned.	others
3112	2018 is saved! kidz bop did youngblood	I saw the first one	listen i got a better quality video leave me alone	others
3113	Present	But you're not ugly	smh if you say you’re ugly which you’re not i definetly am bro	others
3114	Working on the next	The hashtags! And I love the color but sorry you will never be able to replicate that particular blue	That‘s true... I will never truly get it. But I can try to come as close as it gets.	others
3115	"A major appeal for a podcast creator to have their show a network is ""I like this show on the network, maybe I'll like this other show on the network"" Personally, I avoid listening to stuff on the same network because I get really sick of the same ads over & over"	That’s why it’s nice to be part of a network that has no shared ads (and barely any ads at all!)	True, If joined a network, we would want that as well.	others
3116	Shouts out to Bristol Airport for still having a smoking area after security......totes life saver with delayed flights	Da fuck you goin now?	Thup north innit!	others
3117	I'm sure the Vino is a Red Blend? Whats your fave? I might be able to reccomend some!	Are you asking what my favorite wine is or my favorite varietal?My faves are Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, and Malbec. Fave wine is Artemis Stag's Leap Cab Sauvignon.	I will have to ask her if she has any suggestions, though!	others
3118	Caralho Microsoft eu só queria conseguir instalar o Management Studio depois de instalar o MSSQL Express. Mas o seu instalador simplesmente não funciona.	Can I help you there?	Hey, I've installed the SQL EXPRESS 2008 R2 but now I'm trying to install the Management Studio.  First I've tried updating the already installed instance. But I got an error, then searching I've found that I would need to install as new. So I've done that +	others
3119	They say all men are created equal	But you take one look at me and then at samoa joe, and you know that statement, IS NOT TRUE.	SEE NORMALLY IF YOU GO ONE ON ONE WITH ANOTHER WRESTLER YOU GOT A 50/50 CHANCE OF WINNIN. BUT I'M A GENETIC FREAK, AND I'M NOT NORMAL.	others
3120	Avengers 4: Monsters with Misdemeanors  I’m into it,	Actually. If you get it done then I’ll come play a private show for 5 in philly! Or get a song on a campaign. Or I have another idea that I’ll dm you about	I’m not going to stop until I get a song on a campaign or something even greater. I want to hear that other idea.	others
3121	Fav g girls — hannah, georgia, faye x	love ya	love u	others
3122	i love instagram	You mean you think you're really funny	yeah i am fuckin hilarious	others
3123	I can’t believe becca bought a bloody headphones adapter bc she didn’t realise the new iPhone headphones had the adapter already attached	No no no let’s rewind! When ordering my phone my dad told me to buy an adapter because when he got his he needed one...I’ve just asked him and turns out he hasn’t even opened his earphones that came with his phone and just assumed I would need one	hahahahahah I literally cannot believe it tho why didn’t you check first you lemon	others
3124	Me @ all my friends lol	imy :(	I miss you boo	others
3125	Gotta love a player friendly glitch.	Just makes you all warm and fuzzy... And thanks for watching, francesca! :)	Yes it does. I started watching you only recently. I saw your video on how Bethesda games helped you and can totally relate. My husband has poor health and gaming helps him and us both to cope. Now with 76 with can wander the wastelands together.	others
3126	Join us for this awesomeness, Portland-area peeps!	[J] I GET TO SEE YOUR FACE? YAAAAY!	Bwahahaha I shall wear a mask just to thwart you! Okay the mask will just be my face so I guess it would be about the same effect, really.	others
3127	i am the worst human being alive	But you made it through a semester with me. In fact, I believe you wrote on my survey, “I can’t believe I survived this class!”	haha i still can’t believe it!	others
3128	I was just watching YouTube and a bug fell in me. RUDE	he wants to b ur friend	I literally thought someone threw something at me but it was a crawly boi	others
3129	"UNPOPULAR OPINION: Spaces, because a space is always a space. I recognize that tabs are ""more efficient"" (e.g. use less space (no pun intended)), but I may not prefer the same tab-width as someone else."	It was a Yes/No question :-)	And I voted yes. :-)	others
3130	I can't believe people are legit surprised FIRST MAN (yeah, and WIDOWS) got buried at the GG. There's nothing Hollywood hates worse than commercial disappointments; it was a non-starter.	Better to be a December release in NY and LA and not have any box data, seeing as how many Oscar noms often have crap box office	Essentially, yes.	others
3131	Feel for being down. Luckily I've seen theres an issue & know its an O2 problem not a Tesco problem	Hi Kevin, we're working hard to ensure that this is fixed as quickly as possible	Hey Tesco, I was implying that I feel sorry for today. Poor guys. Gotta feel for the team running their twitter etc today. & the software team that caused the issue. Hope you're all well though!	others
3132	literally cant tell u how lucky i am to have lara and kelly as my best friends. don’t know what i’d do without them they’re the best	I LOVE YOU	I LOVE YOU MORE	others
3133	if plane tickets weren’t so expensive i would’ve been going cause my grandparents actually bought me a ga ticket but if you’re going i hope you have the best time this weekend	:( I wish u could come	i love youuu & me too especially after i finally got tickets :( but have fun i wanna hear all about it afterwards!! hug mr nick mara super tight for me and tell the boy i love him	others
3134	I know the media likes to suggest that Hillary is giving Trump the cold shoulder... But in her defense, I think the back brace she is clearly wearing underneath her oversized coat is preventing her from turning her head.	It’s something else besides a back brace that is causing her to sit so straight.	Guilt?	others
3135	These are FITS how am I supposed to decide?!	Red	The long sleeved dress is red tooooo !	others
3136	How do I do this	Use this link	Yeah got it im wilding lol	others
3137	A very fit young gentleman at the gym just told me he was now heading home to cook himself ten eggs and then go to bed. My youth was much wilder than this.	Yeah you’d be on the yokes instead	That’s a very clever joke. So I’ll be stealing that and blocking you.	others
3138	We talkin about the one I’m think of?	YUH	That was a good time man	others
3139	went to target for foundation.....here I am..$136 later	So proud of u	I feel sick	others
3140	please stop tweeting reminders to drink water, my bladder is exhausted	What about Gatorade	how much are they payin you, buddy	others
3141	Im just ridiculing how much kwesta loves dickriding AKA, that shit is just too much	I know. I took it literally and figuratively	Maybe that's the case	others
3142	i stole this form my tl but i want to do this so badly!!	76!	new rules by dua lipa	others
3143	Does anyone else’s stretched lobes feel super dry and peely on the inside? Idk my lobes feel like chapped lips on the inside idk. It’s weird.	Moisturiser	Yis I know. I moisturize them like twice a day and still........and still	others
3144	uhm hello? lets make it a girls trip and get an airbnb. imma start saving now	ME	YES love its a fuckin road trip!	others
3145	I want this to happen to me my mom will be like “what are they doing” in Spanish	HAHA	I really want my mom to interact with Christian, she doesn’t like him much	others
3146	I have one JB signed MWAVE if anyone wants to buy it. No PCs. Photobook and sleeve are also JB. $35 shipped in the USA. or $32 if shipping with another item. I also have an unsigned JB version with JB sleeve for $12.	wait me	If you want it DM me.	others
3147	Friday 7/12/18  Nap 2.05 Exeter - DE RASHER COUNTER 14/1 Sky Bet  Nb 1.55 Sandown - EARLY DU LEMO 14/1 Coral  Iwac 2.25 Sandown - ALSA MIX 16/1 Betfair	Do you do you do any ew mate ?	I back ew 5/1 or bigger generally	others
3148	This speaker says short term rentals are in fact businesses and should not be operating in residential neighborhoods. Says he did not purchase his home to live next to a business.	Short term rentals are an issue in Schuyler County N.Y also.	I’m sure. Beautiful area is a big draw.	others
3149	I just ordered 9 bathing suits. In December. Someone help.	NINE? oh girl.... lol	I’m taking them all on my trip lol	others
3150	15 lbs down, I can finally fit into my favorite clothes again! my hard work is paying off. I am proud of me.	Secrets please	I’ve been staying away from bad carbs, bread, noodles, sweets, and red meat. I’ve cut down on alcohol a LOT too and try to stick to vodka with real juice or wine when I do drink.	others
3151	أسمح ليكم تدخلوا تفقعوا بلونات بيرثداي حقي	Happy birthday	Thank u	others
3152	I’m fkg poor	ah ouais ?	Yaa bih it’s so sad	others
3153	Who got the best tree in Cleveland	Me	T A E D O E call my phone	others
3154	someone write an amanda x anne hathaway fanfiction before i cry	write it yourself coward	no it’ll get weird	others
3155	In the 40-44 demo...	Was in my 30's, dinner at a restaurant in DC, friend insisted they'd be good and they were. Confused my sister when I made them (pan roasted with bacon) as part of Thanksgiving dinner.	That's how we make them. Soooo good....	others
3156	I loved my birthday present, hyunjoong860606 !!!:') Thanks so much to	Wow! Lucky you!!! Congrats!	Yes! feeling so happy!!!	others
3157	WHY ARE THEIR NO AIR MAX 97's in size 2 , why are my tiny feet being discriminated against	You’re still wearing size 2. At your big age	I can't help me feet okay	others
3158	I couldn't relate to Tohru but I DID relate to Hana Also feels when I shipped Hana and the third friend ajfkkskds	hana is the best and also good taste	Thank u thank u *bows*	others
3159	finally, almost three years since the last bellring album.	So looooooong though	that's idol albums for ya.	others
3160	My 7 Year Old Doesn’t Believe In Santa	That’s around the age I didn’t either.	Well i guess she just won’t be getting anything PERIODT	others
3161	I’m adventurous, I like that..	Lol, is Jane McDonald considered ‘non-mainstream’?! Only played by the very gayest?	I don’t think they meant Jane really, I listen to a lot of 50s, 60s & 70s music, easy listening as they used to call it, I hope they meant that more than Jane	others
3162	أسمح ليكم تدخلوا تفقعوا بلونات بيرثداي حقي	Happy birthday to you	Thank u	others
3163	Fashion nova & Pretty Little Things is definitely playing with my damn packages	It’s also Christmas time as well lol	Idc idc lol i need my stuff	others
3164	Another slick and insightful video from the maestro that is	Absolutely agree, they are too class!	Mario did me proud with his	others
3165	how’s this jester face	Oh She’s Awesome ! I usually imagine her being a little Chubbier	this is just her face rn i haven’t don’t the rest	others
3166	In exactly one month it's my birthday. Can it be my death day please. This world is too shitty. I don't want anymore.	No! no! no! please don't say that!!! You shouldnt think like that, im sure that you'll feel better soon enough!  You are an amazing human being and you are needed in this world! Iyou and im here if you ever need to talk!!	Thank you:) it means a lot to me:) I love you	others
3167	i think its either gangnam style or electric shock	Run Devil Run by SNSD then I left and came back to 2ne1.	run devil run is one of the very first kpop songs i heard but not the very first . i knew 2ne1 when happy got released	others
3168	I wanna try some oxtail	Bomb !	I’m tryna find out	others
3169	So busy printing stuff out for my SEPJ I missed the ironic! Nice to read through everyone’s answers about the first placement though, I’m trying not to think about leaving the school too much it makes me sad!	Don't feel the need to print lots of paperwork for your SEPJ - you can keep evidence digitally and your LORs will provide the richest sources of evidence	Thanks Kelly! I’m thinking of doing this for placement B, I find the physical work holds me more accountable but I’m not sure the planet is thanking me!	others
3170	He making more money than your ass, let Soulja cook!	they must've never had some bootleg movies sold to them to find out it's a whole different movie	Who tf buying a souljagameboy thinking they’re about to be in for a new authentic gaming experience, dumb ass tweet lmao	others
3171	Works do is so far fun and incident free.  Here's my mate not playing golf.	"Is that you calling him ""the white Tiger Woods""????"	No.. I'm mainly laughing	others
3172	I agree	I had know idea Des was on Twitter! It’s ok I won’t become a stalker	He's here's 10% of the time.	others
3173	You don't need to paint...	Always love a cat photo. They're gorgeous!	=D me too, love seeing them	others
3174	S U P E R E X C I T E D for Sat,	Good luck to both sides. Great to aee the progress your company has made	thank you- that means a lot.	others
3175	quarter-century	Happy birthday, and onwards to a full century and beyond!	Thanks a lot ! I look forward to it	others
3176	Dwight a cold piece of work for leaving that piece of the letter in the doctor’s desk.	Wait is this a rewatch?	It’s a never watched	others
3177	Who's gonna be brave enough to call out the lance fetish artist on main--	is it that russian person? i dont even bother calling them out cause my mutuals seem to like their edits shfkkfkf	Yea it's them they're fucking nasty	others
3178	Having to hotspot from Lauren’s phone as nothing works	True friendship if ever I’ve seen it	Everything is back on and I don’t know whether it’s good or bad	others
3179	A few Canadian Boys	But Lindholm is Swedish haha	Not according to the book of Don since Patrik Laine is also a good Canadian Boy	others
3180	I wanted to book a DA and Mother Nature barged in. Why pls?	Woow GC style	I was ready. But so was Mother Nature.	others
3181	Nothing negative in 2019. Tryna make this a good year.	Shut up	Ouch	others
3182	renewing my railcard but how do I change my DLA evidence to PIP?	Hi there, I would advise contacting Railcards customer relations team who will be able to advise further on this.	Still have not had a response from the the team and it has been four working days	others
3183	Got a question for y'all. If I was a character from any anime or manga, who would I be?	Avatar the last airtender	It's not a anime, dude. And The Last Airbender was Aang, but thanks. I like that.	others
3184	Future Minuteman Zac Jones	So I love this Freshman and Sophomore class, allows UMass to be good for years even when Makar and Ferraro leave due to depth and talent. You know best...is the incoming class next year talented like these two ? (Albeit smaller class) same with year after?	Yes. From what I can tell the incoming classes are relatively highly ranked. Top 20 or better	others
3185	The first two and now you one of my favorite people on here	really?	Yes! You’ve been so kind to us since the accident. I wouldn’t trade that for anything in the world	others
3186	Does ignorance come free with the pram I wonder?	Take it easy Joey. You don't want to turn into me!	Easy tiger not at that level yet....hopefully ever x	others
3187	who has the best deep wave or curly bundles/frontal?	You don’t like luscious nomore?	I never had they deep wave or curly hair or frontal	others
3188	me bevendo la mia sesta redbull della giornata sapendo che mi addormenterò comunque a mezzanotte MA mi sveglierò 7 volte prima delle 6 e dormirò di merda	SIX redbulls in a fucking day??? i think your heart would stop or sumn skjksjs	THATS nothing i did worse	others
3189	i miss zoey 101	drippin	so drippin	others
3190	I was thinking about posting my old art and gifs here. Especially in a thread... but NOPE I CHANGE MY MIND! Better leave it all in the past and not remember the embarrassing stuff I drew hahaha.	you can try to bury twerking miley Neta but you can never forget!	WHY ARE YOU REMINDING ME OF THAT?! I wish I didn't draw that... but I did... FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF---	others
3191	Markelle RUINING the sixers	Markelle is literally going to be Harden 2.0 the day he leaves the Sixers	or, more likely, he’s bad elsewhere too.	others
3192	be quiet astrology hater ur place is with the old edgy men >:(	I LITERALLY NEVER HATED ASTROLOGY U PEANUT I JUST SAID.... IT RLLY BE LIKE THAT .	BRAT i know ur type... just so u know this is very capricorn of u .	others
3193	X-spells tribal is a tough nut to crack, and I haven't gotten it right yet. I'm leaning toward the opinion that it's a trap archetype. You have to acquire to much mana and then leave it up or burn it all too often to feel like it's efficient. Has anyone else cracked it?	I've seen a Vial Smasher/Kydele list that had only cycling spells and x spells. Was neat but linear.	That seems like a hot pair. Mana production is crucial.	others
3194	I have a to give away. The beta will start on on Dcember 14th. First person to reply will win the code.	Hi there! Am I the first person?	Yes you are congrats! I will DM you the code.	others
3195	People are hyping up the Lakers but when the Nuggets bounce them in the first round y’all won’t know what to say	Don’t think they’ll play in the first round	I mean if they’re the fourth and fifth seed	others
3196	NEXT QUESTION: Based on the number of hours you've listened to 5SOS, what are the odds you could DOUBLE THE NUMBER between now and the end of the year? Asking for science (and maybe give-aways).	i mostly listen to the album on the actual cd instead of spotify so idkkkk sksksk	The streaming is what gets them up in the charts, though!	others
3197	: >	helo	"helo from compy! check out ""fite"" mode, and look at the other images 4 more info! :]"	others
3198	My guess for possible Bryce Harper destinations in order: 1) PHI 20% 2) WAS 20% 3) CHC 15% 4) NYY 15% 5) HOU 10% 6) LAD 10% 7) BOS 5% 8) LAA 2% 9) STL 2% 10) CHW 1%	Just curious why you're so low on the White Sox? Definite need there and money to spend.	Imagine he wants to win now. CHW 2 years away IMO	others
3199	First snow in Lunelle too~ ♪♡	how do you edit your town like that now i’ve tried the online editor and it doesn’t work for me	Oh I don't use any editors all just time and patience lol a lot of plot resetting with this town!	others
3200	VIDEO: THE NEWMAINS UNITED CHRISTMAS MESSAGE in association with  Director & editor  Camera operator	Brilliant, well done & good luck	Thanks Rab appreciate it!	others
3201	Sad to hear the news	very sad.. One the first bands I really got into. Managed to see them a few times, always great..	Neat that you got to see them! I listened to them a lot when learning guitar in high school	others
3202	We’re off to	Megan and I are going too, let’s meet up!!	That’s what Megan said! Find me! Let’s get some drinks! Maybe we can get in on chugging a beer or something. After all my party pants are on. Bring yours Marinn!	others
3203	One of my favourite gigs of the past few years was Buzzcocks in The Academy, November 2016. So much energy and fun from a band who seemed to enjoy the gig even more than the audience. RIP Pete Shelley. A band, and singer, whose massive influence was worn so lightly.	Lovely words Joe as usual. That was a great gig! We're the lucky ones.	A memorable night! Deadly gig, some craic.	others
3204	Okay not gonna lie this one had me rolling on the ground	I bet that’s a lie	Okay, rolling on the ground is a lie, nearly falling off my chair and having tears in my eyes from laughing isn't	others
3205	Aulas wants £80-90M for Tanguay Ndombele	Worth it	Another Canuck !	others
3206	sis u need new ears	i haven’t used spotify in months tbf i’m an apple music girl my music has definitely somewhat evolved	nicki, 6ix9ine u still need new ears :(	others
3207	HEY who’s all going to TFF because I feel like it’s...a lot??? Of pals????	I WISH But I hope y'all have fun <3 I wanna hear all about it when you get back!	;; I wish so too	others
3208	Mango, gare batle magapu	Wena le mang?	I'm just saying lines. I Love both fruits	others
3209	Tuff. Very tuff	very! it’s what we signed up for.	True but it’s all worth it I bet	others
3210	Me rendí con mis fotos de wpp, ahora tengo esta de perfil	Same pero tengo otra, mira	remil same	others
3211	OH btw i loved mob psycho and i heard it will drop its new season in January 2019 so i watched it right on timeee	Time for me to finally watch it!	it was niceeee so good ^o^	others
3212	Can I.... tattoo this on my forehead	yes let's do it together	Its either that or I’m gonna turn it into a giant poster and wear it or something	others
3213	my barber was feeling inspired and he cut my hair too short i am about to kill myself	Your eyes	it’s the snapchat filter	others
3214	People usually say Canada is amazing due to its free healthcare. They don't consider how lazy that healthcare system can be, where someone can be sitting not properly diagnosed, crippled in their home for five years waiting months at a time for referrals only to find out (1/3)	I've seen similar stories from Americans that do pay out the nose either directly or for insurance. I think it's a human problem more than a system.	Well, it'd be excellent to meet the rare good humans already. I'm losing my mind.	others
3215	Will 2019 be the year I finally make it to primavera? probs not	Am goin	All I needed to hear	others
3216	Champ is re the fuck tarded	When the next time you going home I need you to take nana something	Girl I’m here now	others
3217	Maxo Kream - Punken	Hmm. Never heard of dude. You think it’s top 10 this year?	Its number 1 to me	others
3218	you could censor a tweet about a group l*k* *h*s and ppl would still find it	I literally guessed oomf’s *** without getting context	guessing is usually easy i mean when u go out of ur way to find ppl talking shit abt ur faves	others
3219	Who do I get to drag this to? Which one of you is willing to be my victim?	Hard pass	Hmmmmmm.... I would have thought you would be first to volunteer, Dan!	others
3220	Tez has moved up to my favorite member in BFOD, sorry Ave.	Well fuck me right?	All that shit talkin when you’ve came to my house? Solid 5 brodie.	others
3221	Sam Adams Boston Lager  Sam Octoberfest Sam ‘76 (for beach SZN)  Cherry Coke Zero Water	Bud light Water Chocolate Milk Shake Bissell Brother's Swish Bud Light (in case I break my first finger)	Good call on the backup finger, that’s why I went with 3. Now that I think about it if ice still existed I’d box water and sub it with chocolate milk	others
3222	I don’t care	You so rude	I’m nice to you lol	others
3223	My eyes are fucking spicy	ok now that’s pretty epic	It is	others
3224	GW16 - CHAPS CHOICES We've combined our regular Punting For Gold and Calculating The Cleanie articles to create a team of Draft Fantasy Football players for  Hope you guys like it!	Love it! Makes perfect sense and is a novel way of combining your punts and cleanies. For the record, I own 2 of these defences in one way or another in most leagues Happy Days!	Thanks mate.. seems to have gone down well and gives us a bit less to worry about! Felt pretty good to do a slightly different style of article	others
3225	My 2:30 cancelled and so now I have a full day to myself... what to do, what to do	Have you gone gift shopping yet for the party?	Doing that right now literally at the store lol	others
3226	I now know what it feels like to be bullied online and I won’t stand for this	who making fun of u miles, tell me where they at i’ll go talk to them they don’t want this smoke	If you want to fight Lenarr’s shrek built ass, go for it	others
3227	I think this is good please untag people lmao I dont want to blow your shit up	Sob_emoji	I TRIED TO TAG U BUT NOTHING SHOWED UP	others
3228	moots who know nct pls who is this	ten!	ty!! he's cute ;;	others
3229	My basketball team is better than yours.	You ain’t a Duke fan STFU	Just Plumdogg Millionaire	others
3230	Couldn't pack him but I gotta bring him, imma carry him into the plane	When is your plane? I gotta wake up at 4am	Like 2 pm lmao	others
3231	I am currently a combination of every single one of these.  I’ve got one entire week of it to get through.  This is beyond brutal.	Sorry if I hacked you off today re the invoice stuff hope it goes well at PRide tomorrow x	Don’t worry about it, lovely - but this is definitely proof that I need to WFH more	others
3232	Pedro Gallese is on the transfer list! He's FINALLY leaving Veracruz, so where is he gonna go? Club America, Boca?  Universidad Cesar Vallejo...	How true is this?	Saw it on a few of the main sources on google. Type in Gallese and you'll see it. There is interest from the club and that's where the danger comes from. They have money and Gallese will take it if no one better comes knocking, which is very likely.	others
3233	"This actually didn't bother me bc the creed is a profession of faith. I'm Catholic, but don't expect others to ""recite"" if they don't believe. The singing on the other hand... that's just good manners. Isn't it"	Protestants say the Apostles Creed; isn’t Trump?	I don't know but from what I have seen, he makes no pretense about not being a churchgoer.	others
3234	more tomorrow	Good night Mark	Nite, gales tonight	others
3235	Further lessons from doing ebike/train/ebike to work: the panniers are indeed waterproof. All the chicken noodle soup that spilled out of my lunch container definitely stayed in the pannier.	next step, toss salad in transit	probably a viable strategy	others
3236	Lots happening in gravitational waves land	Does this change anything about the likelihood of black hole DM?	I don’t know! Not something I think much about. I’m not sure it tells us anything except affirms that stellar mass black holes are as common as people were starting to think they were.	others
3237	Nothing beats the excitement of a new Fortnite Season	Uninstalling it was pretty exciting.	You usually hate on things when a lot of people like it, so I’m not surprised	others
3238	Dogs don’t make good gifts if people return them.	We agree. Everyone in the household should be involved in the process. A gift basket or gift cert could be used so that the recipient can help pick out their new love. Unless of course its the parents of kid & they want to surprise their kids, then the commitment has been made.	Yep! Agreed.	others
3239	Dudeeeeeee. My brother works at their UK head office and I told him I’m leaving their network!	how did he take it?	He was like “don’t be one of those people”	others
3240	With my contract now being up, today is a wonderful day to cut the cord with	What about net?	Keeping my Internet service with them. There's really no other choice in my area.	others
3241	what do i do y3ni now suicide or what	you come over	yes i would fuck u	others
3242	If you are here illegally...	Taron speaks hate.	I welcome any person, from anywhere with open arms, who wants to come to this country legally. So you can take your false claims of racism and try to pin them on someone else.	others
3243	GUYS HELP ME TO GET EXO’S DMUMT ALBUM  i need  1056 rts  1496 likes  YANG BANTUIN GW DOAIN HIDUPNYA LANCAR JAYA SEMUA URUSAN DIKELARKAN AMIN	Done rt and like	thaaank u!	others
3244	You in winter weather: *sits in car trying to avoid the walk into the gym* Us:	Having a gym at workplace is a blessing. I make sure that i hit the gym first whenever i reach office.	A dream come true!	others
3245	James singing during the trial has proved how much time he’s spent around john	james in his reindeer outfit tho	it’s amazing	others
3246	I did a thing	Welcome to the fam Lol I see you weren’t kidding about the Mario Tennis	Yup and I love it. I'm in the middle of the flower cup and it's starting to get challenging	others
3247	I m tired of this Glo network but I just can’t port cos their subscription is the cheapest	Ntel is cheaper......I think	I don’t have 4G enabled phone	others
3248	I came out of retirement yesterday and I don’t know about y’all but OH MY!!! I haven’t lost a step!!!!!	Snappathon luhhh Rihh Rihhh	just a little baby snapathins real quick	others
3249	Sorry I can't take part in tonight folks. In Sheffield trying to convince myself I have a future in stand up comedy.	Ooh how did it go??	I'll tell you in about half an hour when I've been on...	others
3250	You’re the highlight of my day	thank u pookieee	welcomee boo	others
3251	is full of nonsense, misunderstandings, culture being confused with Islam, and blatant lies. As expected.	Couldn't handle people saying the truth about islam instead of doing taqiyya?	I’m not Shi’a. Taqiyya is not a thing Sunnis do. It is only permissible to say you aren’t Muslim if your life is in immediate danger. It is not permissible to knowingly lie about our religion or its tenets. Please learn about Islamic concepts from someone who actually knows Islam	others
3252	Also....all of my top songs were Linds songs....what can I say? She’s great!	Haha! Curious to know what was number 1?!	Hahaha Criminal! Followed by Good, By the Way, Mint, and Castle in that order! Criminal makes sense with spending a lot of the year promoting it and it being the go to song to show off Linds cause it’s most likely someone will have heard that one!	others
3253	This continued support for Dunham is indicative of the fundamental problem with white feminism: it has always been about shifting power to white women, and no one else.  By	Thank you for beautifully putting everything about Dunham in this piece. I've observed her negative behaviour and have always been wary but never had the energy or the info to write about it as you so perfectly did. This was a great learning experience!	and I wrote this together—the praise should go to both of us!	others
3254	This is Bob, last week Bob summoned enough courage to talk to the love of his life Anita. On his way, he met u, his heartless roommate, u killed Bob and he died single. Surprised u are still single?  Fam, u will remain single, Karma is coming from the animal kingdom!!	You mean the roach I killed now is the reason I'm single. Now I see why that mo'fo refused to die until I hit it 5 times. He refused to die because of a girl	Lmaoo, Guy u don kill me with laugh	others
3255	Jesus	looks like she hasnt had any dinner for a fortnight	I was more thinking is that a snake or are those legs	others
3256	I'm still the best rapper I know.	Twitter finger flexing...	Oh I'll prove it in a minute	others
3257	"Okay I was tagged by for 3 songs, 5 tags-- ""Severed Goddess Hand"" Meat Puppets ""Big Barn Bed"" Paul McCartney ""Gorge Upon My Soul"" Skeletonwitch I tag"	"I loved the Meat Puppets when I was in High School Here's 3 from me 1. ""Building Steam With A Grain Of Salt"" - DJ Shadow 2. ""Makebelieve"" - Prick 3. ""Hazumu Rhythm"" - Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra and Puffy AmiYumi"	I'm obsessed with the Meat Puppets I just dragged to see em live like a week ago haha. And Prick!! Takes me back. Love that album!!	others
3258	sigh	i love you whas wrong	i just got sad idk ksjfjs	others
3259	Hermione Jean Granger is always brilliant student in Hogwarts. And Draco Mafory needs to work on being kind to Hermione and not call her name. Have a heart! Learn to be kind with others! Make new friends just because their in different house. Doesn't hurt to be friends with other	I agree sis. Be nice to each other. Our mom and dad taught us that.	That's right mom taught us to have very kind heart. Show them we care	others
3260	This is hate speech	I didn’t think I could feel more rage today than I already did. I was wrong.	"i'm SOOOO tired of these ""hot takes."""	others
3261	don’t pretend that radioactive doesn’t slap	Yeah hun that was 16 years ago can u honestly tell me you’ve heard any of their songs from this year	....... uh...... believer 8D?	others
3262	Haven't made an ohranger, carranger, a gingaman, or a gogov yet. I probably can't do a GogoV without breaking the family rule or throwing off the team balance in general.	What about Gekiranger?	xD Monkey themed orange ranger. First one I made actually. Need to find my notes for his plot-line.	others
3263	Fairy tail, as long as I have my friends around me I’m pretty much GoD	I'm dead	It’s true	others
3264	99% of the Pisces I’ve dealt with I wanted to kill	Aquarius are pretty bad too	Aquarius comes second to Pisces. You ever been wronged by a Pisces? Ripping your heart out isn’t enough for them, they go the extra mile	others
3265	On Jesus Christ	Says Mr “my neck hurt”	Who said that	others
3266	...Does this makes her hate herself too?	Kid, it's called misanthropy.	I know that. This thing is a joke and so everything about you, so get lost you second rate phony loser.	others
3267	good morning i love my girlfriend	I love you more	HEWO CUTIE ♡	others
3268	"This is the ""I don't date black women"" special. You see a hairline like this and you KNOW he don't fuck with us"	LMAO!!!	Did I lie, tho?	others
3269	Cop	This is where we are now? Breakfast cops? I don't remember that in 1984...	It's all implied I'm sure	others
3270	After that drinking session with bestie —— , food sounds nice .	If he wishes, she can cook him some food. She is just happy him and Jalter are safe--	A-aaah , was she worried ?  Sorry —— ,,  J’Alter is fine though !  Dropped her off at Galahad’s .  food would be nice ~	others
3271	my lists make me laugh, for the to do list i just constantly check and uncheck those three things depending on what i need to do lmao i needed to add a christmas section but i didn’t wanna change the “To _____” format so this happened.	I wish you the best of luck with consistency in your list. That gym membership is brave.	i had one earlier this year and cancelled bc my friend stopped going. in the new year i’m just gunna start going alone, but i’m really excited for it.	others
3272	I seriously need prayer. I always try to pray and RT everyone's prayer request but it doesn't seem to be reciprocated.	I will pray for you.	Thank you, Betty ! Read what I tweeted several minutes ago, that explains what I need.	others
3273	hoseok... sweetcheeks.... my banana bread.... my pound cake.... my blueberry muffin, just come home PLEASE	hoseok: yall hear sumn?	im gonna wait for him like the jobless fucker i am BET	others
3274	Has anyone watched the film Parkland about JFK & if you did was it any use??	Absolutely brilliant film watched it last week ..	Yeah I thought it was done from a great perspective xx	others
3275	That meek shit wasn’t really that fire	You really drunk I swear put the E&J down	Y’all hyped it too much	others
3276	Happiness is in my high box on this wet rainy day!!	There is my beautiful gorgeous sweet bluebellwho is your friend on the other cushion	She not me fuwwiend sweetie.. She a gwumpy ole kitty fwom next doow.. She not like me & me not like hew.. She always hisses at me.. Daddy feel bad so he look at hew until hew mommy come home! ~ Missy	others
3277	My playlist is making me rethink my entire life.	What’s on it? Gimme the 5 song highlights	1) Napkins - Riz La Vie 2) One Track Mind - Thirty Seconds to Mars Feat A$AP Rocky 3) Waiting- Vanta Blvck 4) Slow Down My Thoughts - Zachary Knowles 5) Make Me - BRIDGE	others
3278	Ben he's an inspiring journalist leave him alone	At least we tried eh “best player in the world” after a hat-trick against Cardiff, yehhhhhhhh man	Nah nah I have an android I gotta go. Never watched Chelsea I gotta go. I'm blind I gotta go. Smh	others
3279	My 2018	Mine is almost identical	Woman after my own heart....or whatever that saying is	others
3280	Tonight I received a million messages from colleagues as to why I wasn't at the office Christmas party Two left the restaurant back to the office to try and find me. Oh dear.	Awwww at least you were missed.	Surprised at that! I'll be back tomorrow 9am like a machine	others
3281	hello there Genny, thank you for following back. How are you doing today? Bless. Sb.	I am good thanks, its been quite an exciting day. Hope you had a good day too.	I am doing my best under extreme circumstances. Thanks dear. Bless you.	others
3282	I'm so confused The mailroom supposedly closes at 2pm on Saturday, and there's a sign that says that there even if they had closed early. What are you doing	Do you still need assistance? ^KWR	I was able to work things out, but I appreciate you reaching out to help. :)	others
3283	add if we're mutuals so we can smash (also if your name is diff, reply with it or i wont add. sorry!)	Oooo.	we're not mutuals and idk you that well, so please don't. sorry!	others
3284	i NEED to talk to someone right now i’m overthinking	what’s up buttercup?	can i dm you?	others
3285	Were do u live?	In canda but Will be there soon	Boy or girl?	others
3286	I need a haircut so bad	I’ll pay for you to get one this weekend	Oh really	others
3287	All these Nigeria's bad bad roads can sag someone's brezz	Don’t use bad roads as an excuse  If press no Dey,stress no Dey	So the jumping up and down on bike or car aren't stress abi	others
3288	I'm missing out on Smash rn pepeHands	Let’s go halfies on a switch	i would wanna play it all the time	others
3289	One of my foster piggies has given birth this evening! Baby guinea pigs are the cutest thing ever!	I had no idea they came out hairy! I thought they’d be like pink and naked SO CUTE!	Haha most people think that but they're born fully furred, eyes open and ready to go! They were eating hay within an hour of being born, it's incredible!	others
3290	ye	who dis	u kno who	others
3291	You GUYS. I don't know if you can see it from these test buns but one of	Test buns...	OMG you are twelve, aren't you	others
3292	Hey Pls retweet so I get a nice big sample and I’ll summarise it for you x	"I asked her advice about a SEND child. After a long discussion (which cleared my thinking) she said, ""What do YOU think?"" Then she left me to write what I needed to. Those 4 words stayed with me: What DO I think?"	Wow! That is ace insight...need a new column in the spreadsheet!	others
3293	Not overreacting or anything but has anyone known or heard anything relevant about Eden Hazard for the last month? It’s just weird considering he’s the best player in the Premier League.	Come on bro he got an assist against Wolves which proves he’s obviously the best player in the league.. no one else can achieve that man	Ffs I’m sorry, you’re right man	others
3294	So what does everyone think the Avengers 4 title will be???	Avengers: hype train	That’s the current title haha	others
3295	PPR Winston or Watson, Jacksonville or LAC def and the k Question LaCosse or Herndon this week? Lol! (Rd#1F.F.Playoffs)	LaCosse, Winston, Chargers, Championship! Go get em!	Here is want we are working with 6 teams constructed similarly.. should be a some winners!	others
3296	Could really do with an iPhone X for the camera quality... anyone donating??	I’m feeling generous	What a guy	others
3297	this is a weird question but what’s your favorite name — skfhjdj ive always wanted to call my kids (if i have any) alexa & lucas so	alexa	ITS BEEN MY FAV NAME FOR LIKE 5 YEARS	others
3298	Oh no.	Desperately sorry to see this, saw them at the Portsmouth Mecca, twice I think, in 1977/78.	lucky you mate - brother used to do a few covers with his band.	others
3299	IVE GOT 3G BOIIIIIIS	Don't get to excited. I had 4g earlier today for about 30mins before I lost it again. Hope you are luckier though	It’s on and off and VERY slow. Oh well hopefully it will be sorted soon	others
3300	Já ouviu Now United? (aproveitando aqui pra divulgar o grupo KSKSKSKS)	só ouvi Summer in the City, mas pretendo ouvir mais	"Escuta ""Who Would Think That Love"""	others
3301	If Mrs May thinks the British people are going to go quietly into that good night she is going to be rudely awakened. The british gene, buried in most of us is starting to wake up. We are a proud nation even now, although we have our share of wimps, tossers and traitors.	Unfortunately, our share of wimps, tossers and traitors all hold seats in Parliament.	Won't be long before they are stood in front of a people's court. Their luck can't run forever behaving like they are.	others
3302	ʸᴬ ᴷᴺᴼᵂ,ᶜᵁᴹ ᴵˢ ⱽᴱᴿʸ ᴰᴱᴸᴵᶜᴵᴼᵁˢ~	He grinned softly and came up near her head, rubbing her chin and tapping his cum coated cock to her lips. “Then you can go ahead and clean it off then~”	Well,Well,Well It looks nice But Someone Like You would never give me A Huge amount of seeds. Don't mind her,Its just A cheeky phase,how Unlucky for the male One~ But do not listen And Fill Her Mouth for a surprise.	others
3303	no	LMFAO HES A FURRY	out of all of the characters they chose to be a furry, they chose MY MAIN	others
3304	idc what anyone says brazilians never get easier you fucking liars	They’re pretty nice people wdym	A+ joke hope it was worth it	others
3305	Wanting to forest but needing a group :(	Lmao I'm going alone as of rn who cares live a little it's the forest!!!	I’ve never been so I would be hella lost	others
3306	How the fuck do y’all be this damn beautiful?	Bitch look who's talking LOL	You from what I see. Cuz it ain’t me lol	others
3307	The normalization committee dem set up still no get any roadmap for Ghana football yet ?	Be like the job overly over them	e over dem chale. Till date nothing better dem do.	others
3308	lmao you don’t agree?? they would’ve had to change up the backstory a little bit of course but i think it could work	Not gonna lie, I read Weasley Pipes & couldn’t contain my laughter. Snipes would’ve made a great N’Jobu though. Njobu was refined. As Erik, he’d be a bit... too smooth. There’s a roughness to it, a wildness. He’d definitely play crazy enough, though.	LMFAO AYE WHAT!! & nah i see what you mean! i was thinking the young version of T’Chaka too	others
3309	Yes! Billy and Camila sparkle together! People can deny it, but we know the truth!	Out of all his recent scenes chad seemed the most at ease/happy/calm with Gabi!!	And you know the behind the scenes stuff, which I won’t mention. DM me if you don’t know what I mean, Chris.	others
3310	dis old but it's probably the most fun i've had with artin' in a while should dick around w pixels more	dude this is so good	graciasssss i might like? try doin RPG sprites of people's dnd characters for comms someday shrug™	others
3311	Teams for doubles tournement tomorrow night	What’s this ?	Just kick off mate put a whole night into creating all those needed	others
3312	Just had a fabulous idea for a research project...how to fund it and find a supervisor though...hmmm....	Let me know if you figure it out	I made a word doc so i wouldn't forget...i'm gonna email it to some people i know and see what they think...	others
3313	See in this Mosconi cup how come you don’t always have to pot all the balls to win a rack???	You pot in order but if you have the chance to get the final ball (9) by hitting your current ball on to it, you win, as far as I can gather	Aaaah I see, cheers	others
3314	long ass stream where i just marathon all the movies paramedic mentions in her codec calls to naked snake	MGS3 except every time they bring up a movie title the entire movie plays in full	"snake, have you ever heard of 'godzilla?' ""can't say i ha-"" [OPENING CREDITS ROLL]"	others
3315	service is poorer each year but the fare prices are higher each year.. why???	Thanks for the question Raisa. Our fares have been frozen as part of the Mayor's commitment in his first term.	Well you choose not to comment once the truth is out in the open! Good strategy.	others
3316	Stays, can you help us by answering the form honestly? We only strive to grow forward to continue to give you the content that you all deserve!	"You guys have worked hard :"") I am really thankful that stray kids and stay have you guys really... 화이팅!!!"	Thank you! -	others
3317	Pablo	Piss me off	“ Let me tell you a secret “	others
3318	GUESS WHO JUST GOT HIRED AT A FULL TIME FINALLY. THE PRICE IS GOING UPPPPPPPP	congrats lovely	Thank youuuuu Mama D	others
3319	I can see him ending up as a Highschool coach who is drunk most of the time because the income isn’t the same anymore but he still loves the game of football no matter what lol was that to deep?	nah g he’s going to Cleveland	Just when you thought they had every position filled lol	others
3320	I make 7 times the rent money, my income from stocks is going great, so I think it's time for another car. What should I get?	Civic like mines ..	If it wasn't for the CVT transmission I would lol	others
3321	write in the comments the name of someone who you think is a t h o t .	van	i knew u would say that	others
3322	A piece born out of my irritation at the dishonesty permeating the parliamentary debate on Brexit:	We are already signatories to the EEA (whether we remain or need to reapply post Brexit would be a key legal debate) and we don't need the EU's permission to join EFTA.	We are by virtue of our EU membership.	others
3323	because I’m not crossing a picket line!	can i facetime in from Ames, IA??	I bet you’d rock it if we did that!	others
3324	Got pink triangled again 2day	f loll	This happens like twice a week now I did not know wisconsin would have such a vibrant lesbian population	others
3325	Finger me.	Okay which hole	Hmmm why not both	others
3326	mudar é bom - khazix	who	i don kno	others
3327	Hey Smashers,  Before we all play Ultimate for days straight, make sure you go out and get some exercise and fresh air!  Also 1 mile under 5 minutes	Weird flex but okay.	Not sure what's weird about accomplishing a fitness goal but okay!	others
3328	you know what i still identify as O- the only people who need to know i’m not special are the doctors. please don’t assume my blood type.	Pls don’t claim something ur not. You’re actually O- fishing rn	blood type is a very fluid spectrum, just because i’m physically O+ doesn’t mean i feel like that’s who i really am	others
3329	Good Thursday, all. Also, DON’T LOOK AT YOUR 401K, ALRIGHT!!!!	Oh no. Why?	The Dow plummeted this week. As did our 401k’s. They’ll bounce back, but it’ll give ya a heart condition if you look at the balance now. Don’t do it!	others
3330	sample candy cane!	S’fine. I’m sure &teachingbuddy	He can’t not now! Keep pestering him	others
3331	my favorite trope in books is a tight knit group	S AM E	maybe it’s because i’m a lonely bitch but idk i’d die for that shit	others
3332	rihanna is the weakest link in this situation lmaooo	Bitch dont you EVER.	let’s be real for a second, they shitting on rihanna talent wise	others
3333	Feeling overwhelmed right now. Thank you to the people who supported me, if it wasn't for you I wouldn't have this. I'm in love with my first PC	Congrats! It’s a great feeling.	It's such a great feelin. Especially when everything runs smooth	others
3334	i cant believe KOD came out 8 months ago.	I saw a theory that the off season is dropping on the 9th	man i still ain’t ready lmao can’t wait tho	others
3335	25 years young	Happy birthday to my fav cousin , iloveyou	I love you too	others
3336	Share ways T	Confidence grows slowly-stick 2 it. 4 individual Ss-I write notes, chat privately in hallway b4/after class, applaud improvement or a good day (privately, quietly), email Ps. Whole class: a series of skill-based self-graded assessments b4 final one, Ss C own growth & weaknesses	Appreciate you taking the time to share these strategies, Jeri!	others
3337	me vs. my to-do list before friday PM	YOU DON’T EVEN WATCH GOT	don't act like you know me	others
3338	Kh3> smash ult> red dead release> bo4 release	Fortnite>	if you don’t get that dumbass reply out of this tweet	others
3339	We don’t do a bunch of trades daily... in fact came in flat on swings today, but you don’t have to trade a lot to make money! Get that out of your head. In fact our swing is boring  Added 1 lotto today: > 100% Added 1 swing today: up 75% Easy to follow, easy to manage!	no losses?	We have losses... every trader has losses. Just not today! 2 trades today. That’s it	others
3340	if dina doesn’t play the krusty krab theme on her flute at my funeral, my soul will haunt her  dafür stehe ich mit meinem namen	i would have to listen to your lame jokes for thr rest of my life-	you’re saying this as if you don’t LOVE those lame jokes ;) don’t lie to me	others
3341	Looking for an advanced AE Pixel Sorter 2 user who is interested in creating a tutorial using the new features. Please contact us here:	Don’t know how you’re going to find an advanced user since the creator himself hasn’t made any tutorials. is totally blank. Pixel Sorter 2 is the first AE Scripts purchase I’ve regretted due to no documentation.	This is why we want to create a tutorial :)	others
3342	I love my Ford Escape.... not sure the pups like being confined to the back en route to adventures.  Safety First!!	Gracie’s face	There is only one Gracie, but she has a million faces.	others
3343	H U G E thanks to	Well done good on yers you deserve it	Cheers lad! x	others
3344	disappointment of the year	Why is it not	because you don't have battle royale, sweetie	others
3345	The oranges I sucked tonight ehn	That's what it's called now	Legit oranges fam. I dunno what you talking about	others
3346	Play Counter-Strike: Global Offensive Free Edition Free for offline play against bots and spectating matches through GOTV. CALM DOWN	no, it's not updated on the store page yet	Uh wut, ok. My bad...	others
3347	I heard this girl screaming outside so I look out my window and see this guy holding her up on a wall and then punch her so I go outside to help her and it turns out she cheated him, I’m having a go at him and then the girl takes his arm, pulls him away and walks off hand in hand	Is thisreal wtf	I’m still confused loooooooooool	others
3348	Not what I wanted to hear	See what I mean crawly	Not good	others
3349	this why I cant fuck with twitter so Im in the lobby waiting on my car to be fixed so I hop on Twitter to pass the time this old lady sits next to me look at my twitter bc she don’t know bout it so I’m showing her what it is and this is the first thing to pop up on my tl	Damn	I was looking at her like	others
3350	Wisconsin's 2019 roster could be special with the additions of incoming freshmen Logan Brown and Spencer Lytle.	TJ Edwards is arguably the best ILB ever at Wisconsin? Huh? Literally just a few years ago we had a guy that was B1G freshman of the year and ended up as B1D D POY at the same position, and was inarguably better. Borland was the best. Period.	Both were great. Edwards could be named first team All-American for the second time in as many years. I think this shows how 'arguable' the point really is.	others
3351	what would u do if u saw this man doing this in the street	give him all my money	HE'S WEARING BRAND NAME JNEFWNKJWF ICB	others
3352	What’s good to eat in this weather that’ll smack	Broth ! Shabu shabu in cerritos for sure.	Ima have to check this out one time	others
3353	My stress level is through the roof	Same girl we need a beach week or something lol	Man I can’t even explain the amount of stress I got lol	others
3354	It's great that	Bloody hell mate, thought it was just hijacking this hashtag	Sadly I can't be there so I might have over compensated	others
3355	sorry forgot to tweet that i bought. still a good buy,imo	OOpps! Just glad you told us AFTER you positioned	still posted during the market hours and texting that I think it is still a buy today...	others
3356	Apparently I’m obsessed with Kizomba. I don’t agree	Lol sis.	What’s happening	others
3357	The hardest I’ve made	Aka the best u made	Thx I will get better I am on mobile tho	others
3358	Leaving a match with 1 second left shouldnt give you a 30 minute ban	sounds like you already left a couple of times	Just remembered it counts that you have left even when the match is pretty much over, my mistake.	others
3359	Yo ass jiggle that shit ain’t little	mine jiggles! lol and it's little.	That means you got meat so it’s not really little it’s not huge!!	others
3360	I want to watch munna bhai rn like ABHI ke ABHI	Try YouTube	I have it downloaded in hd on my laptop , that's not the problem lol but thanks	others
3361	How to break into comics: burn your money.	don't burn it, give it to me	I am, Claire!	others
3362	I'm elated to announce that I will be joining the Syracuse University Political Science Department ( ) as an Assistant Professor starting in August 2019! I'm looking forward to working with such fantastic faculty and students! (1/5)	JENNNNNNN YESSSSS	I'm sooooooo excitedddddd	others
3363	I love Nicki, but is this the pre-Grammy zero nomination meltdown? What's good, sis?	Lawddd what she doing now??	Check my last RT's and/or her timeline. I just....	others
3364	subtle asian traits is slowly consuming my life	???	It’s a Facebook page for Asians and they share dank memes	others
3365	Establishing a sleep schedule these past few weeks had done amazing things for me! Who knew that a normal sleep schedule was this beneficial? Now if I could just get rid of these caffeine withdrawal symptoms the would be the best! See you guys tonight!	How many hours are you getting now? Glad it's helping, friend!	Like 6 it's so many!	others
3366	Everyone's year was different, but this is how 2018 sounded to me. Get yours.	we have 3 out of 5 top artists the same literally We	dude my top 5 songs all being frank and suf? sharchelus	others
3367	People like this probably drink soda on a Daily basis	What u tryna say	I’m trying to say you’re unhealthy af, I still love you though	others
3368	My prediction for top 25: 1- ZeRo 2- Nairo 3- Leo 4- Dabuz 5- Ally 6- Larry 7- Salem 8- Tweek 9- Mr. R 10- VoiD 11- Abadango 12- KEN 13- ESAM 14- Mistake 15- ANTi 16~20- Marss, Samsora, Kameme, Zack, Komo 21~25- Zinoto, Cosmos, Fatality, Shuton, Ranai Let's see how I do!	I think Cosmos was already on it	Oh u right. Idk who replaces him	others
3369	ok i’ve tried sushi THREE times now. the next person that tells me to try it one more time bc it takes time & it’s an acquired taste..... no bitch, the shit is nasty.	did you try the fried ones	no ma’am, but i just think it is not for me lol	others
3370	Oh is that Fleur hogging the limelight.... Again	Why has she not been voted out yet!?	I have NO idea, she does my head in... Look at me, look at me, look at meeeeeeeeee ffs lol	others
3371	NO GOOD MSA ELECTRICAL XMAS PARTY YEAH ????	Will there be thotties?	Bibs is a lil bitch so yeah	others
3372	selling cmg user “Trusty” $2500 earned hmu	$1.50	you can have it for 5.45	others
3373	I just found out that you can connect each AirPod to a different device! Like wow Apple great job	Slow man why you soo slow shamwari lol	Aiwa you were the one who told me they didn’t do that in the first place you lied to me	others
3374	A q ponto chegamos Kk minha mãe me ameaçou por causa de política ksksks	O que ela disse?	Can’t say it here	others
3375	1st or 2nd?	both imo	My bank account says no	others
3376	im depressed	why did you post this this is rude	If I had to see it u did too	others
3377	I had fun highlight the names that were familiar to me just to see how many I knew. Not surprised I knew less than half	I know less than you	Wow. A bunch of the people in this year’s rewind are just random people. They completely brushed over some of the biggest names.	others
3378	If she truly believes this she should just shot her cat with the gun she’s always carrying	Imagine her cat having and an emergency, she tries to take it to a vet, vet recognizes her and just tells her animals have no rights	It’s what she deserves. I also saw that this girl got her degree in zoology. The audacity of this person.	others
3379	Omg thank you Emily! “You did one yesterday” Thank you! Somebody tell Fleur she needs to stop craving air time.	Yeah but she said it like a child. She should have told Fleur to piss right off and be assertive.	Yeah that’s true, if I was Emily i’d fucking boot her into a ditch.	others
3380	Nice thing about the Blackhawks sucking is that I may be able to afford to take my daughter to her first game soon.	I'm really hoping that remaining on the season ticket waitlist is finally gonna pay off.	If this continues I bet we have another year or two tops.	others
3381	Current situation	Sorry	My legs feel like I've got goosebumps but it's just mosquito bites	others
3382	I’m a fat fucking piece of lard	you are not a fucking piece of lard, you are not your lard. metaphorically; if you have depression, you’re not a depressed person, you just have depression, and not your depression.	I’m insecure then and my insecurities make me feel fat but I can’t differentiate if I am or not because my insecurities tell me I am even when I was 15 pounds lighter	others
3383	S*lling/Tr*d*ng acc*unt w*th 3k and wereverwero & Werevertumorro f*llows  Pr*ce 5$ / CAN TR*DE F*R D M S .	need nick Jonas, rihanna dms?	No sorry	others
3384	I've just emailed you . How will you represent my views in Parliament, and the views of many other constituents who share my view? In Cheadle we voted to Remain in 2016. How are you representing us?	According to the list put out by Sky News tonight, she’s voting FOR.	Indeed so. I’m hoping that after reading the wealth of information advising a contrary stance, Mary might reconsider.	others
3385	autocorrect will be the death of me	Did you mean autoerotica?	maybe I did, maybe I didn't	others
3386	Am I the only one who remembers getting SO HYPE when the substitute would play these videos in elementary music?	THE BEST	RIGHT? I have such vivid memories of these videos	others
3387	That girl wanna fight fay forreal	Unlock your tweets wack ass	It’s locked a reason I don’t want ppl I work with following me	others
3388	.⁦	Awesome!	...except for the hat.	others
3389	제 생일 이야.I'm 21 now. It would be great if I could get a birthday wish from bts members on my BD, then it would complete my birthday. Thanks for saving ours life. Love you guys	Happy birthday	Thanks	others
3390	Who would believe you were arguing with me just last week?	Lmao I don't remember	Of course you wouldn't.	others
3391	I’ve cried tears of joy today . & I just want to thank the man above for it all !!	Congrats on whatever it is	Thank You	others
3392	|| Expected my mintues to be higher.	this list	Trust me, it's at least half wrong. You've seen what I keep on repeat lol	others
3393	I’ve prayed for PETA on several occasions yes.	You’re annoying	If I weren’t, yal would think somethin was wrong	others
3394	yeah, after the police has intervened	Be nice	i am truth	others
3395	Lowkey down....	Highkey broke as fuck and work until 11:30 but I’m down	Same but it’s 2 for 1s	others
3396	How you not cuffin Nomo thots but whole time .. was Fucking around on gal ?	i spoke to chief .. he said this was it	I’m Fucking dead	others
3397	He be havin me cryin man lol  Talkin bout Skip be dry snithcin	Damn I love Shannon Sharpe	Me too bro. That's my cat	others
3398	Does Tennessee even need an offense coordinator? Just put that 2 million dollars into illegally paying high profile recruits and be done with it!	Its going there anyway...	I mean, you ain’t lying	others
3399	These are FITS how am I supposed to decide?!	Three and four	FUCK!	others
3400	zebede gets into warrior cats drama and thinks sunning rocks belongs to thunderclan	its on THEIR SIDE OF THE RIVER HOW IS THERE EVER A DEBATE ABOUT THIS	cuz THUNDERCLAN is a FILTHY HOARDER and doesnt know how to SHARE	others
3401	We adding on to this thigh tat?	That's a dumb question....how does Christmas break sound	That might work lol I gotta think of an idea first.	others
3402	DC never cared about the recession, because there never was a recession in DC. It was Boom Times the whole way. 1/2	I beg you for the following feature: Make a bot account that posts Ace's sidebar to twitter. Call it AceOfSidebar  I beg you	I've told Ace he puts too much long-form content on the sidebar. He keeps doing it.	others
3403	i’m home alone, my cat has bought a live mouse into the house and she’s chasing it around in the bath how’s your night going?	not as fun as urs	pls i wanna die, i hate mice sjdjsk	others
3404	Feeeeeelin like shit my dudes	ily	I love you too	others
3405	Lovely therapy, the best of all. Animals have the power of healing our illnesess and our hearts....	See, that's why I always say that keeping six cat nurses is still cheaper than going to hospital. They work daily inclusive weekends, never go for holidays and don't ask anything for extra hours. Top rate medical care!	Veru true!!!!	others
3406	That episode where this guy was wanking and was getting blackmailed to do shit or else the video of his wanking would go viral was weird to me from the get go, because who's gonna judge a guy too long for having his nudes leaked???? All that work wasn't just for wanking	"Black mirror... I was legit screaming ""dude its just wanking"" can't be that bad. Until the end .. I was absolutely disgusted"	I knew it wasn't JUST the wanking, if it was a women id understand	others
3407	Should i change my @	Did u came up with an @ yet??	I think i did but i will dm you	others
3408	The robots are coming. British Basketball League to test automated TV production	can we get the robots to watch the crap TV too?	No.  We're going to need a lot more humans to watch a lot more television over the next few years we're going to see a huge surge in crap TV and will need many more watchers, to view the adverts and click on the websites and perhaps even buy products they don't need.	others
3409	Waiting for	I will return soon.	I miss you	others
3410	More from the	how have I never seen this extremely cool U of M logo before????	"All I see is ""L11"""	others
3411	Great Rant..fucking excellent rant..well done ..	Good Job, 'mate'~~M~the unrepentant EGG	You may be an Egg M .. but you are our egg	others
3412	These are FITS how am I supposed to decide?!	1,2,&4	YOU DONT LIKE A VELVET JUMPSUIT WHO R U	others
3413	You obviously feel threatened if you have to act out like that	and obviously your boy feels threatened because he never responds :( like a puss	Why would he waste his time responding to you... you’ve got a problem, not him	others
3414	Have been on Orange then EE for 20 years. Probably a bit pricier than other networks but never had any network issuesand the 4g is quality. You get what you pay for!	EE are shite. Today's been shit being on O2 but I've generally ever had any issues with them so I'm happy to let it slide	Never had any issues with Orange/EE. Ive got a quality deal as have 2 phones on a contract and have 4g to watch racing on the go anywhere.	others
3415	بنحط صورة في الريبلايز وقولولي اما لون	اللي يقول برتقالي امشي لدكتور عيون	I TOLD HER	others
3416	DO NOT LET THE FACT HE PLAYS IN CLASS 3 BLIND YOU	Thank you for always being so kind and supportive!	That is what It doesn’t hurt that he is a really great kid who is easy to root for. Ya’ll should be proud of the Godly son you have raised	others
3417	Man this is just annoying at least Loz was tolerable	Tbh this would've lasted and been fine if it stayed as a meme, Loz just sounded tired by the end	Looooobutlowkeylozwasavibeoooool yeah true	others
3418	looking to edit for a content creator.	Remember free if ur relevant	i wanna do it for free at first so i can build a portfolio	others
3419	Oh my, in less than 24 hours my weekend went from being pretty vanilla to swinging (pun totally intended) into the theater tomorrow for an early screening	I'm looking forward to both those movies! Let me know how BumbleBee is. It definitely could be great. Already know Into the Spiderverse won't disappoint	I most certainly will!	others
3420	James hasn't done a trial for a few days so it's fair he does a trial. Fleur just wants air time.	It should of been Emily with James not Fleur she’s an attention seeking bitch	Yes! I completely agree. Her true colours are really showing.	others
3421	is anyone able to download the new cs update? nothing showing up for me	It’s not out yet	wtf u mean	others
3422	You know what, good for Cardi, I know she’s hurting rn but no more dealing with a nigga that’s not faithful behind her back & shit, she’s got her own money and career, Offset I’m sure is going to be paying child support, so she’s straight af, she’s free from the bs	Free from the bs	You too lmaobs	others
3423	how so?	do you hear michael or calum as much as you used to ? i literally can’t type rn but it’s apparent everywhere if you look closely	i get what you mean, no worries	others
3424	I sent my 8 year old brother a picture of me smiling and-	What a pure boy	he's adorable. I can't	others
3425	qual sua maior fraqueza? — minha cama	errou, sou eu	onde	others
3426	Fake elves are the worst elves.  Those pointy ears come right off!	Had no idea that fake elves were even a thing!	Species cosplay is a thing. It's crazy.	others
3427	No ammount of words will Make King Kaka's win legit.  Clear RIG. 2in1 is clearly the better video!	Having many people in your video doesnt make it viewers choice..	You reason like a baby	others
3428	Debating going home! Don’t fancy 11:00pm piss heads tbh! I’ll do ‘One’ last job!.... Outside Moorfields ‘Harry’s Bar South Audley St please Sir’	Due to work tomorrow night. Thinking I might do the Saturday shoppers instead. I’ve had drunks at 4pm this time of year	Worst spewed ever 4pm in the afternoon! I brought Essex Rd to a standstill for 30 mins! Old Bill the lot! Long Story	others
3429	is it just me or yall hated it too?	Wtf is this???	A sad sad sad sad video. with a terrible edit	others
3430	The thing is... nobody even asked how to break into comics.	A crowbar, some duct tape, and a Swiss Army Knife, right?	I say play hard to get. Let comics break into you.	others
3431	Again... not your typical ITU wean but it works! Use the ventilator as a resting tool not just something you need to wean down	Have you been given any notes on this Caitlin? Would be really helpful with uni x	Hey Grace! Yes I do. I can send you through copies but I will be probably doing an IST. I can send you the date of when I do that and also send you on my presentation :)	others
3432	After years of hating on him - I’m officially a LeBron fan.	I'm still not.	He's really good though lol	others
3433	Please tell me that ain’t Cadet at 21 secs	Him, krept and konan on the remix. How much you wanna bet	ur mockin it	others
3434	My dads cat almost attacked me for trying to walk down the hallway.	He’s such an asshole	I don’t know why he hates me so much	others
3435	Are we surprised? Nope.	How did you listen to music for 64 days this year	this is a great question that I do not know the answer to, it probably runs through my veins at this point	others
3436	y'all ever take a shower just to flex on the people at gamestop	it's funny you mention that because when i don't have the spoons to take a shower but need to go to gamestop for whatever reason, i feel completely comfortable walking in there because i know they probably see worse every day	I just want to let you know that you are absolutely valid for this and honestly I have done the exact same thing now that you mention it	others
3437	Y con él un pedacito nuestro.	Noooooo	Terrible.	others
3438	sammas eve slide show!! there's a weird fan sound but whatever I am very tired. happy birthday sam!	wow Z....... wow	;) I work hard	others
3439	The red wedding	Nothing compares to Stannis letting his daughter burn to death for a damn witch	that was jacked up , she had the worst parents a kid could wish for	others
3440	Did @ZoenLanosca get suspended?	D: nuuuu, I hope ve is okay	Me, too.	others
3441	"could try and clear up what exactly the ""of the make"" wording in the regs means?"	According to the definitions at the start of the document the make is the complete car. I guess that means the production car rotational speed is unlimited, but Racecar speed is limited. I will check!	Update apparently aco released a statement, and its kind of what I thought in that the 25 unit production opens a new set of rules. You don't need 25 units. Production based power train is more open	others
3442	My fave	now that an entitled tootime vixen has quite tweeted me maybe matty will recognise my amazing dance skills	I acc hope he sees this on his tl bc this video will forever be hilarious	others
3443	I love the rain but I also have my SADS light deployed today because sometimes things you love can also hurt you.	This is why I don’t think I could live in OR or WA, even though I crave their cooler climates.	Esp as climate change intensifies, cooler trumps SADS for me, esp since I can use light boxes more cheaply than AC.	others
3444	Hey and I have be wondering if you call your fans Zaddys?	I wanna be a Zack Zadek Zaddy	A Tri-Za as the kids are calling them.	others
3445	Is Inside No 9 worth watching?	Please do and then talk to me! I just started and binged massively. Some are SO dark	Yassss sounds amazing! Just started! Coffee next week?! X	others
3446	Good luck to in the next round of the FAYC. Fantastic hospitality from all the staff last night. Especially those working in the directors box....a club with an amazing history...the photos of Sir Tom Finney were evocative of a golden era for the club. JF	What did you expect Jose? = class club!	I was thinking of you all the time at Deepdale Gavla.....	others
3447	Also those shows are just FIERCELY good at continuity gonkery. Constantine referencing Sting. Thawne referencing Danica. These are all deep cuts but they're presented universally. If you know why it's referenced, you laugh. If you don't, you laugh because it's funny.	Enjoying LEGENDS enormously. Hoping against hope they'll find some reason to have Ray Palmer have to disguise himself as Superman.	I am all but certain Brandon Routh has pitched that at least once:) Also him and his wife getting to play PuppyRay and EvilNora is one of my favorite things:)	others
3448	i thought my day was already rough but now that i come home, all i see is betrayal they decorated the christmas tree without me while i was at school-	throw the entire family away	everything but the dog goes	others
3449	REDO; im curious to see whos sane and who isnt: what do you put on your toaster waffles?	nutella binch	just sat u want to ruin ur breakfast with chocolate	others
3450	lisa	you're welcome	thank u	others
3451	What so not was flume, this still honestly trips me out. Two of my favorites were one.	whaaaaaso flume did release new music this year	Flume was a part of what so not before parting ways, this was years ago though	others
3452	I've reached that pre-travel stage where you eat random combos of things to get rid of them before leaving. Currently drinking a cup of heavy cream and noming on tomato slices covered in mayo...AKA living my best life.	Where r u going	East coast: ATL and NY to be with family for the holidays	others
3453	"I'm split between""Hold the door"" and Viserion's reawakening."	hold the door w/o a doubt	But I loved Viserion so much. Like we watch ol boy hatch, grow up, and catch a fish all on his own. :(	others
3454	Find yourself an org manager who shaves your back the way that	That’s your missus job lol.	didn’t want to	others
3455	"I wonder if people actually know what ""getting approved by Apple Music Artists"" means"	I don't	It means they've approved that I am the Hanna who released Gimme and Alive on Apple Music and have given me access to edit and view my insights for my artist page.	others
3456	Gigi is not saying anything. Basically.	I doubt it would be easy being her rn	Tell me about it!! It's all over her face.	others
3457	not to be a phillie on main but thigh	OHHHH YOURE A CLOSET PHILLIE ARE YOU OHHHHBB	FHSHJF I CAN APPRECIATE A MANS THIGH OK...	others
3458	Entries for the drawing comin' in hot! I'm excited loves!	woooah, that's thicc I suppose I am here even I can't see me in the pic,,,	Haha there's still ones I haven't printed yet	others
3459	NEXT QUESTION: Based on the number of hours you've listened to 5SOS, what are the odds you could DOUBLE THE NUMBER between now and the end of the year? Asking for science (and maybe give-aways).	It’s super hard when you don’t have premium	I don't even use Spotify, so I feel you.	others
3460	Don't forget you have one finn with u always	Joo sinä olet ju niin rakas minulle	AWWWWWWW PERHAPS I MELTED your finnish is so good bbyhyvä rakas	others
3461	Happy Wednesday (hump day!) I've recently started working out again after taking 2 1/2 years off (whoops!!) It feels good to be working out again, but I never feel like I have enough time in a day. I need more time! Do you workout? How do you juggle your…	I should... but I don’t.... lol but I think I’m going to start an aquasize program for the 3rd trimester cuz I am on the way becoming a beached whale again	We have a home gym, so I have no excuses.	others
3462	Is anyone else unable to listen to Mac songs because they get sad?	Blue slide park especially	I know. All the feels :(	others
3463	George O’Malley died. I’m not watching again abeg	More people died. Continue	No thank you	others
3464	Good morning all	Hi!	It’s a great day so far	others
3465	oh my god i went to bed at like 7 last night and woke up at 6 what is this life why do i feel so good	wish so fervently that i could relate, congrats on Premium Sleep	it was beautiful i feel like a new man	others
3466	should i do an unfollow spree?	If u do one please dont unf me bby	of course i won't!!!! u my bestfriend fo lyf!!!	others
3467	After my Body Shop order was delivered to my apartment door and then stolen, BS agreed to send again, no charge. New shipment just arrived, again left at my door, and again I'm not home. I specifically asked it be left with building supt. Sigh. Will it be there when I get home?	Yell at the delivery company.	It's Purolator, which is Canada Post. So annoying.	others
3468	Making loud awkward painful grunt noises for my show probably has people thinking i'm having extremely rough gay sex	:P	I ain’t gonna CHANG that	others
3469	taste the rainbow	WOW	I love you	others
3470	The كتاكيت of my heart	They’re not كتاكيت anymore	Shhh let’s just ignore the fact that they’re not كتاكيت anymore and focus on their cuteness in the pic	others
3471	That last pic has me dead TL Wildin	I’m a meme now	For sure keeping it so when someone say some dumb, I’ll pull this gem out	others
3472	Well this fucking sucks	FUCK! Just saw them last year and he sounded great!	Well records, like books, last forever so at least there's that	others
3473	Look how cute Addi and Jason are!! Can we make them a thing? Don’t you have that power?	What? Where? Me? Nope, I have no powers, I'm not a god yet. Yet.	Damn I thought you had some kind of power!? But look how cute they have been today! Awwww!	others
3474	An open letter to British Wrestling. Thank you for reading.	Why does kermit have no dick on this picture 5/10 not enough dicks	I had to be serious for such a important matter	others
3475	Hi, I have emailed the appropriate address with an inquiry without response (it's been about a month now), can you DM me?	What’s the issue?	it's regarding proof of residence and competing in the qualifiers from another region when I am there in my other home.	others
3476	Drinking when you're tired after a 10 hour shift is a dangerous game	Bring on the tears or gobby comments	Excuse me I'm a reformed character hun	others
3477	I can hear my family yell at me already xD they'll hate me forever but...	hahahahahaha that's the best	I'm so ready xD but it's a tad warm	others
3478	Including the sharing it online bit?	No, see my reply. That’s the bit I don’t like.	Ah ok. Posted at same time so didn’t see it.	others
3479	Can’t wait to go to the Christmas markets with my fave person	Aww thanks I can’t wait either	Can’t wait to treat ya	others
3480	The Tree of Light	Brilliant Jane.	The estates and Comms teams worked their magic and the health in harmony choir filled the air with liquid gold ... touched my heart x	others
3481	Oldest daughter: I got a parking ticket.  Me: Did your meter run out of time? Daughter: I didn't put money in the meter yet. I was only here an hour, the sign says two hour parking so I get two hours free right? College educated, amazing job and why the future is scary as hell.	hahaha I shouldn't laugh, but my daughter would think the same thing.	She's been driving for years, so I'm just...	others
3482	This does hurt the “all you need is a good guy with a gun” claims.	To be fair two rare examples don’t disprove the hundreds if not thousands of success stories	I know it happens and I personally know people where a gun saved their lives. This just shows that’s not always the answer	others
3483	Gangland landlord, Luca Brasi 3, and I don't have a 3rd yet	gangland landlord good.. not better than 1 Up Top Ahk tho..	I felt like it's just as good. I recently went back to it and been playing it a lot more than when it first dropped. A lot of music came out around that time. But I'm burnt out on trap music. I need unique styles again	others
3484	folks what are ur fav sta/rbucks drinks for the winter. also do u prefer hot drinks in winter or do u not care	i don’t rly care for the most part i’ll order hot drinks in summer and cold drinks in winter but as for fave winter starbucks drinks creme brulee latte and if you’re not a fan of coffee or just love sugar white chocolate mocha is good	ohhh yum... :O	others
3485	I have to admit I sometimes struggle to maintain that healthy balance between home and work but there's no better feeling than finishing for a whole week to recharge the batteries	Have a lovely break.	Thanks I will	others
3486	I'm so over Anna. She is such an annoying hypocrite she's going after Olbrecht because she almost killed her son and it's like Anna your kid is the reason why her son is dead yet he's free from charges!?!? liesl got every right to come after him.	Lies deserved to be caught!!	Albeit Faison did kill Nathan if it wasn't for Peter letting the secret out that Nathan was Faison son and basically bringing Faison back to Port Charles Nathan wouldnt be dead.	others
3487	besides bath and body works where can i find good candles ?	marshall’s!!!!	Ooouu i never even paid attention to any in there	others
3488	Last RT comes from scrolling through the delightful	What a great account, now I want to go to an airport just to pet the dogs	I know!	others
3489	Fleur is doing a trial AGAIN when Emily wanted to. First they don’t let her cook when she wanted to and now she can’t do a trial. Seems a bit unfair to me when Fleur has already done so many	I agree. It’s very selfish of Fleur. It seems like all for the last week Fleur has done trial or dingo dollar every day	Yeah I feel like she just wants to do it for all of the air time	others
3490	Seriously all I’m looking for on twitter is tweets should I be worried.	A little bit yeah	Maybe I need to get out more.	others
3491	Truly feel like all the sauces on First We Feast are just different degrees of salt. I would slay that.	You mean Hot Ones? I wanna do dat interview & smash it so bad eh  But I kno some ah dem sauces eh no play ting	Yeah. I just can't take American Hot Sauce seriously. Even so, bad mind would take me thru FOR SURE	others
3492	"Can someone tell me how inflatable boats can make it across the Channel, one of the busiest shipping channels in the world, without being run over by a vessel or seen whilst still in French waters. They're always ""rescued"" a mile or so from our coast."	It’s as if they are dropped off half way across, as if by magic. I might be a cynic though.	I think they get on their magic carpet from Iraq which turns into a rubber dinghy a mile from Dover.	others
3493	Does anyone know anyone who fixes treadmills?! Mine’s stopped working, display not coming on and just making a clicking sound	probs couldn’t hold your weight ya fat fucker	Knew this would be a waste of time posting on here	others
3494	any update on a potential live holiday Patcast?	not gonna happen	In fairness, it’s a tough ask over the holidays. Maybe next year!	others
3495	UC Berkeley must pay $70k, and change policies to guarantee free speech for conservative speakers. The campaign of the American left to silence conservatives on campus sustained a massive defeat this week. A big WIN for the	BIG WIN !	It is.	others
3496	me being an absolute dork in my happy place	That place looks so peaceful. Where is it?	i was in milan	others
3497	Ok... I found my Christmas Gift	great until it lands on top of your house	Thank you for this I am falling of my Chair! You know how to ruin my Parade	others
3498	the trailer....not revealing the title?	WHAT	apparently theres a good chance it wont... lol	others
3499	oh wow. i feel like crap today.	;; I hope you get some rest or whatever you need to feel better !! I love you you're important and deserve the world !!	aww thank you so much dear! i've been feeling kind of dizzy lately but i already scheduled an appointment with my doctor so eventually i will be okay! love you!	others
3500	How am I, a Belgian, out of chocolate?	Me, as a Finn, still have a lot inside the kitchen cabinets	I ate my last one last night and was too lazy to go to the store today :( WILL GET MY CHOCOLATE TOMORROW	others
3501	*is sat with Sapphire in the living room as I play with her* I can’t believe your almost a year old sweetheart! Who’s a big girl	*comes through* hello *smiles*	I know your just 6 months but your almost 1 *she frowns at me* I don’t think our daughter likes me today *laughs*	others
3502	These ugly ?	Yea . Just cause of The pf flyers bottom	I think that’s why I like the shoe cause of the bottom	others
3503	I'm actually surprised that Margaret hasn't shown up to talk to me yet...	was that the old lady we thought younwere seein’..???	No, the fortune teller from the culture festival last year. She usually shows up and bothers me whenever I do anything major. But this time, she still hasn't...	others
3504	Life is just kicking my ass	Fight back , show them how niggas from the 40. Fight	I’m either not showing up anymore or fucking somebody up either way I’m getting kicked out	others
3505	If ever a driver demonstrated irony perfectly, its this one. He tells me he can drive safely whilst using a mobile phone..... and then....	What an utter numbskull. The diatribe, the alright Jack mentality, I trust he's surrendered his driving licence out of sheer embarrassment.	Ha. I wish.	others
3506	"check facts it was the ""plan"" Sally Yates went running in & then the leak goes to the press & Chris Wallace hits VP with Q circular info same as the rest why haven't leakers been arrested"	Now your talking Q conspiracies not facts	I have the facts. .I also can think anytime someone doesn't agree out comes the conspiracy card. .Not buying and wonder about which side your coming from . .b/c it seems your anti truth & facts to me. .but your entitled as I am to our opinions	others
3507	My top song of 2018 is God’s plan I really auxed at frat parties too much :/	Mine was Africa	That’s too bad :/	others
3508	how about if a room was this haunted would you stay to document it and take the risk of being possessed	"I would definitely stay and document it. I have no fear of bring ""possessed"" by a negative entity as there is no entity more negative than me - I scare them away."	same with me its all about your aura like you Im a spirit repellent	others
3509	I got my baby shower invite today!!!	i’m so excited i hope you can make it	I won’t miss this!!!	others
3510	That was important and confidential	Finally you said it.	I was hacked	others
3511	Christmas is coming up and I’d love to donate to small streamers and friends who work hard and deserve it! If you know anyone, drop some twitch links below and I’ll check them out!	i hear this streamer	y’all are already on my list	others
3512	Ooh, art project perhaps?	That’d be my guess.	I remember seeing something similar in Hobart last year too	others
3513	In the photo i'm smiling, but for real i feel so bad, i'm sick almost a month, and i'm tired of being sick i want to be energetic again so take care of yourself and your health, please There is nothing more important than your health	take care	Thank youuu i will Btw, is it cold in Poland right now?	others
3514	Hurry up and come to Victoria BC Canada	Hopefully one day!	A store manager in BC said you were coming late 2018 early 2019	others
3515	I ordered items from both your websites on 11/27 and both orders still show in process. How backed up is your shipping and when can I expect my items?	So sorry for the delay - we are experiencing very heavy traffic during this busy holiday season. Please keep an eye out for any e-mail updates regarding the status of your order.	I understand a busy holiday season but over a week to process an order is somewhat ridiculous. Do you have any ETA on when my orders will be shipped?	others
3516	Lmao y’all have some cute usernames and I get the ugliest one.	Lmao Mensa didn’t you have a different one	Yess but I don’t remember the password. I have no idea what it could be	others
3517	30+ degrees and a raging headwind this morning.	is this a late 90s album cover	I was feeling pretty emo coming down Grange Rd.	others
3518	Just hi to the craftiest, coolest, sweetest, creative lady around! :)	You’re the best and I know I don’t answer you all the time but I love you.	You don't have to answer all the time. I know you are busy and doing your thing. Just like to let ya know I adore n respect the hell outa ya. I don't expect responses, but I smile like a dork when I get them. Lol. <3	others
3519	I just feel sorry for my mom and that she thought I was dead. I’ll never forget. I’ll always try to be a better person. I promise that.	Much love	Thanks girl	others
3520	Finished this leggy number this week. Was waiting for the perfect handles to turn up and they did	WHAT! This is absolutely amazing! God this is just gorgeous	Ahhh thanks, can’t beat a bit of Navy. I’ll re use the mirror at some point too. For now the cat is enjoying looking at herself in it for hours, bless.	others
3521	TRKLANCE IS CANON KING IS THE ONLY VALID GC	This is Adamtron Hell and Slav erasure	Adamtron is pretty valid though ily all	others
3522	I really have neglected my Twitter, haven't I?	Yes mate :) Still playing your geetar?	Oh hi. Yeah, just not as often as I used to. That might change soon tho. My son is now playing drums so I'll be playing a lot more with him now.	others
3523	Already working on a Horohoro piece for	Ahh this is so awesome, man I miss Shaman King	It's still going! haha :)	others
3524	Why have I been tagged in this	MMA that’s why	I don't see the correlation	others
3525	Eetweet'a dhomangadja odhwiike mutshi kuretweet'a mara when I try to sell things on here amuskiet'a ndje. Fokon sabotage!!	wafa inwaala okukanwa tshili, zapo and go buy your beer	Already bought and opened lol, bar is literary a minute away	others
3526	For the longest time my brain thought Jordan Peterson and Bret Weinstein were the same person. ...	all them white folk look alike?	Lol It’s just that both their stories were so long ago and very similar so my Brian just meshed them up for ease I think	others
3527	Huuuuuuuuuuh	Is grandma even amongst the living after all of those skillet head bussings?	She's resilient.	others
3528	How many white castle burgers do y'all think I could eat before I throw up	12 max, you can eat a whole pizza which I think is equal to 12 White Castle burgers. If you watch Harold and Kumar while you eat maybe 13.	When u come back we're gonna find out	others
3529	first day of school	Oh wow... this is just downright beautiful also Im crying	its ok im crying too.....THANK U VERY MUCH VEL!!	others
3530	Tumblr's new policy decided	Omg dick fingers	"And here I was thinking maybe it looked like a ""female-presenting nipple""."	others
3531	Dead ass though, if you consider yourself my friend and don’t give me the energy I would give you after accomplishing something, I’m coming for your head.	Can I just give you alcohol and call it a day?	Only if you wrap it and give it to me as a surprise.	others
3532	jongdae and kyungsoo, i put my trust in both of you— so dont	Nah they won't.....i guess..	good, if not im gonna unstan :(	others
3533	Oh World, my heart hurts for you. When are the people in this world going to realize that this will not amount to anything. That taking out all of your frustrations on others is not the Answer Love, Compassion and UNDERSTANDING leads to solutions. This is terrible	Putin acceted 1500 of these persecuted people while the western world silent.	it is true, I did not hear a thing about it either! How good of him!	others
3534	فيه notification بتيجي لقلبي كدة بأمانة	Ma 3shan r2asaa law elly f balii	Fi aaaaa da ana b-tweet 3ady	others
3535	hey i’ve never been to Olive Garden, will you take me?	I've offered to take you guys	well.. what if i want mongolian instead dad	others
3536	Keke Wyatt is bonkers but she effortlessly SANGS!!	NO ONE ON EARTH SEEINF HER RT : Keke Wyatt is bonkers but she effortlessly SANGS!!	Have you seen the gospel clip on Facebook?! She sang the churn down and I got chills even after the 4th time watching it	others
3537	The front of the U.S. yield curve “inverted” earlier this week. What does that mean? 1/8	Do you think the future slowdown will be exacerbated by the increase in household debt over the last 10 years? With wages stagnant, our ability to repay debt has decreased significantly.	Many economists are worried about them as structural drag on future growth plus aging population.	others
3538	Ticked off another in the series: 100 things that happen to a social worker on a home visit. No 33. Excited puppy takes a Pee on you.	It’s good luck......	I just smell of piss	others
3539	Hey , how long does it normally take to hear back about a compensation claim through your website? Ta	Hi Nic, our Customer Resolutions team aim to respond within 14 days, but this can take up to 28 max :) ^HP	Okey doke. It’s only been 5 days so I’ll give it longer. Thanks	others
3540	When are you gonna start using she/her already — uh,,,	??wha	that's what i said,	others
3541	Why do people hate me?	I don't hate you!	I luff you!	others
3542	I'm in love!Resin based masks never been my thing, but I came across this character the other day, and it's gorgeous! The eyes seem to have a nice mix of anthro/feral, and just really works here. A+.	aw thank you! :)	Seriously. You do a lot of rad birds, gryphons, and other critters. Always enjoy seeing your creations. Keep it up.	others
3543	part 6 of the ranch comes out tomorrow and my mom told me i had to wait until finials were over to watch it i’ve never been so sad ):	What are finials?	that’s what i’m saying	others
3544	The rain nurtures my creative spirit. It waters the earth, and also the soil where my stories grow. I'm the most creative and energized on rainy days. Anyone else?	Me too! Usually. Today I have ceiling leaks.	Oh no! Hopefully Irvine Co gets it fixed quickly.	others
3545	I think i’m in the date zone	You think so huh?	yup lol	others
3546	This a friendly females favorite statement...but dont be stiff on niggas at all but always calling niggas friendly	cap	Shiiiiiii NO CAP	others
3547	There was almost nothing for start of the year and a lot of unfinished sketches in mid year, but end of the year has been kinda decent productivity-wise I guess..?	I love all of them! Everything you do is beautiful!	Thank you!! ><	others
3548	Mother trucking urologist just squeezed my man parts so hard that im feeling nauseous. What the hell? I came here to get fixed not painfully molested	Thank God you won’t be procreating.	Well i already have!	others
3549	So many sugar dads in Lexington. I talk to at least 3 a day, asking if I know where to find struggling college girls	Point them mfs my way I won’t do nothing for em but give em attention lmfaooo I ain’t with the shits like that	You're looking for a sweet n low daddy, these mf want all the sugar	others
3550	Hangi ünlünün sizi takip etmesini istersiniz? Ben Farah Zeynep Abdullah	Etmez	ederse ?	others
3551	because you not bout it, and I don’t wanna half to embarrass you infront of all these good people	u didn’t say nun of this at the bus stop so hush not tryn hear it acted like u couldn’t speak	Nigga I couldn’t feel half my body. I was cold asf but I’m warm now	others
3552	You know that feeling when you read a paper and feel SO inferior??  There are some VERY clever people out there.	Yes I know the feeling- but it’s partly imposter syndrome! Try not to be intimidated. I’m sure you’re doing great!	aw thank you that was lovely :) it's odd - I've read now loads of academic articles but I put pen to paper and it sounds like I'm either an 8yo or writing for one!	others
3553	To anyone wondering how I am doing, this is my answer for the next 30 days : in pain (also this number will increase after the final ep of bf)	I am late and i am scared to continue	Don't	others
3554	Making good progress with my main writing project - Billy Hutchinson's autobiography. Plenty of fantastic material charting a journey from paramilitarism to parliament  Hoping to record one more episode of	Some whataboutery here,arseholes!	Muted them - wonder if they'd give off stink about Gerry Kelly the same way?	others
3555	I wish I looked good in brown hair smh :(	You do look really good with brown hair	to be fair you haven’t seen me with it in like 4+ years	others
3556	It should be illegal in this country to uses fonts that don't have macrons.	Hadn't really looked into this previously but extremely valid. Is there a rule or article on character application?	I'm not good enough at te reo māori to know when to macron and when not to, but as use becomes more prevalent it'd be nice not to have to manually put little lines above vowels when laying out magazines.	others
3557	I've got the ticket!	Who you going with	You lol Haha myself if I have to !	others
3558	Oh, you don't own me	Disappointed but I understand.	I am no one's attack dog.	others
3559	I know a couple girls who’s arms look like this	@ them	The ones I know don’t got twitter	others
3560	Some of y’all r committed to your white boy of the month crushes like Offset was to Cardi B I’m tired of having my TL flooded have some consistency and stan the white boy of the past two centuries	the white boy of the last three decades is DAVID SCHWIMMER	so you’re the reason Netflix paid $100 mill to keep Friends streaming I-	others
3561	Her match against Sasha in NXT says hello though	Why are they acting like WWE actually gave her opportunities to truly show out? Aside from her short time in NXT and recently. She did what she could with what she was given, which was not much.	People like to be controversial and rile up people now a days	others
3562	OK SO HERE'S THE TEA i have a fave in the band	who is it	ash... but pls don't expose me	others
3563	if I'm transitioning from non-techy PM work into the Cyber field, is there a technical competency that makes the most sense for me to focus on? i.e. SysAdmin, Coding, Networks, etc... I see only a small need for PM skill sets on cyber job boards.	This should get you going:	Need to work towards building lab, was recommended book 'Penetration Testing: A Hands-On Intro to Hacking' by Georgia Weidman. Is this a good resource to expand on your guidance? Is there something better/newer out there?	others
3564	Like I won’t be moving like a bounty hunter to catch these man	I have a Donny on snap that’s making them surely that’s worth a bit	Bro if it’s legit im down to ride out lol	others
3565	Hoop idea: Give Seattle and Vegas teams and move Dallas and Memphis to the East.	I like that idea but would the Pelicans or Timberwolves make more sense geographically than Dallas?	Definitely not! New Orleans is west of the original city of Orleans in France, so it only makes sense that they stay in the West. Minnesota, meanwhile, starts with the letter M which resembles an upside-down W. Gotta leave them in the W conference	others
3566	Which of the colouring styles do you prefer? The pencil colouring or the watercolour? This is me:	I like the watercoloured hat and background and you in pencil colouring! Is that even possible!? Who knows	Of course! I am thinking of doing a combo of the two in the future anyway	others
3567	lets mcfucking love it yall	5	5) party for one by carly rae jepsen	others
3568	i cant believe i actually love morgan. like i was so scared of her in middle school cuz she seemed so cool but shes actually a fucking loser who i claim as one of my best friends. im SICK	i still AM COOL	good one morgetti	others
3569	Dude left his Comfort, made Calls 2 Uber, hustled thru the hassle of Traffic & Risks on the Road. Finally shows up at ur Place, without offering him anything, U jumped in and smashed till u good. Time to go & it ddn't occur to u to atleast pay his way home. Tueh! Heartless Gays	Read and understood  But one sule is in d comment section saying nonsense with uncalled for “grammar”*YuKnowYourself*	Somehow i wana know this Sule. Come to my dm Brahhhhh....	others
3570	I have too much time to do nothing Im losing my mind	my man back there stealing ur spotlight	hes a show off	others
3571	Everything that’s wrong with this country right here	Siobhan: Takckling the BIG Issues.	When the world is completely fucked, it’s sometimes good to focus on the things you can fix.	others
3572	But relationships are just traps shili. So I have to text & call to check up on her everyday.. no man.. honestly I'm just after the punani, I ddnt sign up for all this kaa.	Shuu.. Aye wash your heart	I'm not my tweets.	others
3573	are we really surprised here	your oldest songs was frank sinatra?? mine was paul anka :(( i love	i love frank sintra:(( and dabble in a bit of paul anka	others
3574	Hello again, you.	Unnie... How even... This is amazing!	We really share the same hours of sleep, I suppose. But real question is did you get enough sleep last night?	others
3575	Good Years; o que SERÁ que o Zayn quer dizer?	Aí essa música e a thread acabaram cmg	sooorry	others
3576	Today I got myself and the toddler ready and started to head toward the door to leave. I opened the front door and felt a very brisk breeze from this 60 degree weather. I looked down and realized that I forgot to wear a bra and a shirt.	I feel way better about my inability to get dressed this week now.	I'm glad I could help!	others
3577	Walking with a group is so hard because everyone walks so slow...	No sweetie we just don’t all have giraffe legs	Yeah and having 3 legs doesn’t help	others
3578	Tetenal is in serious trouble and they need help from the film community.	How exactly should we help. Not sure I understand the requirement here.	They’re looking for innovative ideas for their photo chemical processing dept. if you have any ideas send a tweet to . They’re open to just about any ideas at the moment.	others
3579	C5	Travis Scott’s	Astroworld was top 3	others
3580	I wanna be a bartender	Lol no you don't	I do. I'll sing to people while getting them their drinks. Maybe do a dance if I feel it	others
3581	My phone without a pouch beautiful but a risk..	Like taking such risks	This one is slippery!! I can't risk it!! P	others
3582	Aye fortnite on some nut shit rn	Shits wild man	Lmao deadass but it’s way more fun	others
3583	Have you ever given someone a wedgie before? — No.	If that ain’t the most random question	I know	others
3584	Nossa Facção Não Estara Mais Jogando MCPE então Não nos marque em coisas de MCPE iremos ta kitando pro MCPC Averá vagas na fac no mcpc  Entt deixa o sino ativado  Traja sul indo pra dominar os server de mcpc por mais que dificil seja	(Tem Pc e quase 1k)	Hey Broow Oks	others
3585	I haven’t tattooed in a long time but since i gotta look at my wonderful mans arm everyday the angel was freaking me out so started a coverup for him half way there lol	I didn't really realize how fucked up of a tattoo I had until I see it in a pic like this	Lol in a few weeks second sit it will be forever gone.	others
3586	The North Flint. I can’t make this up.	Dope idea/lawsuit.	Whole ass lawsuit	others
3587	I’m off today and tomorrow but I have no friends so I’m just going to binge watch Netflix lol	I’m coming over	K I’ll be waiting	others
3588	when u broke as hell so u just sit in ur car 4 lunch	R u santa	if u wanta	others
3589	id trust a ripple top buyer before	Lmao you are nobody still	yea but at least I don’t spend my day larping as a trader sending C&D’s to ppl drawing a big rectangle	others
3590	Classic car art, custom car illustration  SteelArt By N.E.Thompson  To request a custom drawing of your ride contact me directly	I like it	Thank you	others
3591	That moment when 103lbs of puppy is SPRINTING directly at you	I miss my sister! And my little (massive) nephew!	We miss you too can’t wait to see you in a couple weeks	others
3592	also did u notice that he only started doing it when he met jess and he mostly does it when she’s around/involves she brings out that confidence in him i’m not crying	yes!!!! they rlly bring out the best in each other im so soft for them help	i’m emo i need another season	others
3593	This is beyond fucked up....but she knew how he was being they got married I feel sorry for sis but a lesson learned I hope	What if it was the other way around?....nobody says anything keep that same energy	If she cheated and he left and the law was the same for him I would be saying the same thing...the situation in itself is messed up	others
3594	Next month is prom.	hey! no more worrying about people liking you, right? if don't want to go have you considered making different plans for yourself?	Nah im me and i will be me to the end Prom will intresting dont want to exaggerate but idk if il make it out alive	others
3595	Hola! Sorry I've been absent all day. I'm MOH in my sister in law's wedding...which is this weekend, so I've been busy running around! I just got home from Target..which was a ZOO, so I'm reading to sit down and read...let's plan a sprint from 1500-1515!	Does that me 3pm-3:15 cst?	LOL YES! Sorry. I forget that we are all in different times zones! CST	others
3596	YG posted the Who's Next teaser, so according to the curse someone should leave a group or a group should disband soon.	Wanna one is disbanding soon right	That's happening despite of YG	others
3597	what part of Texas do men who look like this live @? Cause I’ll move in a heart beat	Lytle	please send them to my dm’s thank you :)	others
3598	Mayra falando que a terra é redonda kkkkkk	Ué	plana	others
3599	you’re pretty >:((((	you re so cute please but no >:(	u need to accept the facts	others
3600	Acquire!	You got it early?!	It's 8:30am Dec 7 in Australia, I got it late compared to my friends who downloaded it on the eShop at midnight here :p	others
3601	My bad	Lmao wow is this what has become of us? Smh	Thinking alike?	others
3602	hell yeah	i feel like its been AGES since i saw a selfie from u...... this looks like a good color on you	It's been like 2 months since I last posted a selfie!! Thank you!!!! I feel like I'm merging into a lot of grey and brown recently	others
3603	Troll Pele? I want to see them try.	They said he scored when there was no offside rule, meanwhile Messi is scoring and assisting from center circle	I actually forgot how shallow those lot are	others
3604	I miss gi's ass I don't even remember the last time I saw her :c	why do u always tweet about me i'm not that interesting	because you're important to me and the love of my life	others
3605	Gang if it's anywhere as resilient as its buddies Drugs, Poverty, and Terror then I think Christmas is going to come out of this War even more ubiquitous than it was before	I made the mistake of visibly laughing at this and then having to explain it to my 14yo, who had no idea the War on Christmas was a thing.	They've got to pick a side!	others
3606	Apparently I really have a thing for song titles that are more than four words	Idk you but your music tastes are very good	Thank you!	others
3607	Bo4 F/A PS4  NA Lf To4 20 Able to travel Play pps/2ks/leagues Long term player  Can take a L and learn from it	Dm	DMs are closed	others
3608	Need to cutting my body fat again worr. Argggghhhh	Not fat lah. Is that the army trunks?	But i still need cut my bf hahaa	others
3609	Last day being Mister Eric Feelsweirdman	Oh shit. What are you changing things up to?	u want da scoop?! ill give u da scoop....tomorrow	others
3610	baek really been getting on my fucking nerves lately if he keeps acting up i just might have to ult	Pls do let’s become baekhyun stan besties	girl LETS	others
3611	Family goals	That’s vanno and liva and you’re Derek	I'll take that	others
3612	That's not even considered plastic surgery. Its not surgery at all.	....plastic surgery isn’t considered plastic surgery ?	Nigga were u not talking about botox???? I can read.	others
3613	btw if dbfz doesn’t win best fighting game that’s cap . (tekken winning is cool with me too tho)	SFV: AE	YEE HAW	others
3614	Are we starting that whole is the dress white and gold or blue and black thing AGAIN ??	Wait do you see navy blue?	No but I just thought you were trying to scam us	others
3615	That’s terrible news. In my top three Manchester bands Buzzcocks, and always an engaging chap when I’d seen him interviewed. A sad loss.	i went to a Q&A earlier this year - so glad I did now	The fact that Mike Joyce talks about how giggly he went post Smiths when he stood in for John Maher on Buzzcocks reunion tour and Mike Joyce is a Smith says it all. My band covers Ever Fallen in Love great track.	others
3616	i don't understand the unwarranted hate directed towards sehban.. y'all shippers have an issue with him cz he's one of jenny's closest friends who's been with her through thick and thin? i just don't get it, what did he do wrong?!	exactly mhan ! they’ve been friends for 8-9 years , since dmg. idk what they’re insecure for ???	EXACTLY! i also find it weird that people actually think they're dating, just my personal opinion. like they're really good friends and have been so for the longest time, wahi and sehban are like her buddies.	others
3617	Bites into an orange slice	How fucking dare he do such a horrendous action.	Because he can.	others
3618	. Is the James Garfield Miracle happening again this year?	Probably next week.	Hooray! I look forward to this every year; usually ends up with me crying in my classroom while buying toys for kids on my lunch break. So glad that I can help some folks out.	others
3619	ya know what day it is happy birthday to meeee	Happy BirthdayHB. Have an amazing birthday!!	Thank you Coach Brad!!	others
3620	I don't enjoy seeing same sex people kiss.  You are welcome to do it; just can't make me like it.  That's not bigotry; my attraction to males only is in my DNA.	My wife just stopped watching the Y&R after 30+ years because of that!	You can't change your DNA. My DNA makes me feel REPULSED when same sex people kiss.	others
3621	Duke is paying them idgaf	& boogie ellis.	Y’all still find a way to choke	others
3622	I love the exclusive and intimate nature of writing my blog via email — but I'm not quite sure how to overcome the lack of discoverability. It may be that it simply requires a slower growth model than your typical marketing mantra...	Set expectations for when you will send it and do that consistently for a year. Ask people to share the newsletter with friends. I bet it grows.	That’s what I mean by slow growth. There’s one channel of entry: subscribe. I kind of hope it grows mainly through word-of-mouth.	others
3623	His autotune outdone T-Pain legacy	Skdjsksk	Loool it’s bare catchy anyone that says otherwise is hating	others
3624	Btw, I caught a slight cold. We’ve 8 days left to the movie. It’ll be okay, I’ll make it	You can do it my friend! ネタバレをおねがいします！	Thank you my friend! I’ll LINE you when I watch the movie	others
3625	This $15 coat I found at the thrift store next door!!	Omg LOVE that color!!	Me, too!!! I'll say this over and over again: small thrift stores have the best finds	others
3626	If any members of got a girlfriend I would still love and support them would you?	Fuck yea and whoever do3ent just shows who they really r	yep agreed!!!	others
3627	I hope this is canon	Wait hold up I know I been Mia from rooster teeth in a minute... but joined FUNHAUS?!?!?!	Yeah she is funny	others
3628	Ppl always accidentally bumping into my boobs Im honestly immune to it	I wear a 12 1/2 to 13 and people always step on my feet and I’m not even phased by it anymore but they always apologize profusely.	Lmao that’s the only reason I even realize anyone’s done anything bc they’re immediately like “oh wow im so sorry” and I’m just like it’s coo they’re in the way	others
3629	Today I had the pleasure of team teaching with my wonderful participant	No, thank YOU Miss! It was a pleasure	We made a formidable team	others
3630	it’s new york, baby, always jacked up ♡	THE PRETTIEST COZY ANGEL	I LOVE U	others
3631	This right here!	That last one used to KILL ME !! That place right around the corner from my crib	I know y’all ain’t forgot about “It’s Tuesday... we’re closed”	others
3632	I don’t like secret Santa with strangers	Lol my job doing that mess	Same and I’m not here for it	others
3633	Omg i've reached 1.3k tysm and ily all	CONGRATS	Thankkk u and ilysm	others
3634	Can someone tell me who’s number 1?	The quarterback from St. Joseph	Where you at?	others
3635	What’s a fun, kind thing I’ve not watched that I should watch? Pure froth, I can’t emphasise enough how little thinking I want to do (and not the Maisel thing)?	Parks & Recreation from series 2. Joyous.	I’ve watched it too many times and need a break so yes spot on	others
3636	Colonna sonora sì, ma best film...	quale?	A star is born.	others
3637	isn't working...	Hi, Robert. Thanks for reaching out about this. Would you mind trying the below link, and letting us know if that helps? Thanks! -Ryan	"It sure did, thanks very much! Before, when I clicked on the twitter link, it said ""token expired"" and wouldn't go anywhere. The one you sent me worked perfectly! Cheers!"	others
3638	enjoying some beautiful ...............	mine?	dm me one of your tiddies and i will determine (for FREE) whether it’s the right or left one	others
3639	Anyone taking intercultural communication online next semester?? I’m selling my book for the low.	Hefacat now you know I’m tryna get in this class	Some people might already be enrolled in it though. I’m trying to make money off of the book instead of giving it up for free	others
3640	|| Haven't been much on this acc lately because some people said I suck at being Bakugou. So that kinda killed my muse.	[ everyone portrays him differently, fuck what others say >:O ]	|| I think like that as well, everyone is free to change the character they rp as if they want to and other's shouldn't pour shit on them because they disagree. But it still feels bad to hear those things.	others
3641	FASP member	Huge numbers!!! Bigger than expected. Not much movement in the stock	Oh, there is now movement.	others
3642	90% of ”freestyles” at these radio stations are not freestyles	Then they need to stop calling them freestyles. Who allowed this to happen lol	Well what most people don’t know is that Freestlying was originally a written rap with no particular subject. Just a flow of bars. Somewhere around the 90s people started calling off the dome rapping freestlying. thats how it changed	others
3643	"have you listened to that ""Teachers Pet"" podcast?"	Yeah bro. Pretty good, a little cheesy but you know I like cheese. Happy to see that piece of shit behind bars.	I hadn't even heard of it. Shame when journalists have to do the police's job for them	others
3644	God told me take this month off lol so I’m enjoying this whole shit	BDAY MONTH!!!!!	Yesssir and he wants to take no breaks in 2019....I had a dream	others
3645	someone pls shoot me every time i open ms paint on a college computer	Hahahahhaa didn’t want to say but you’re definitely obsessed	I'm not well	others
3646	Idk what this girl is tweeting about half the time	She tweets like a ghetto local	I think she still believe she black	others
3647	Tagged by the sweet  In no particular order 1. Supernatural 2. Shadowhunters 3. Haven 4. The Alienist 5. Law&Order SVU Tagging	I found out Tge Alie just just last month and I'm also completely in love. Can't wait for season 2. *hugs*	Yay, finally another one who watched it. It's brilliant. I love everything.	others
3648	Is this for real i hope he got arrested aint that like harassment he followed her home.because she didnt use the turn signal and called the police.	hope you'll put your turn signal next	Hope people will mind they business he aint have no business following her home you called the police go on about your day	others
3649	Yikes. I was scared for a second that our new office was being torn down for a condo. Nope! 3 doors away	when do BBH move into the new HQ?	February 1st is our move in. Just building it out now.	others
3650	Everyone's year was different, but this is how 2018 sounded to me. Get yours.	2 years in a row que j’ai Djodje	Lmaooo that's real love! I'm gonna have to check it out	others
3651	I’m so sick rn, someone kill me pls	I think i got u sick	Lol it’s okay	others
3652	Would you like to suggest to   Customer Service is the key to their longevity. Several people have started mentioning trading standards and returning kits. At this rate I will joint them.	Swytch Bike hasn’t delivered anything as far as I can tell. I ordered over a year ago and they stoped replying to support emails months ago.	They do reply. They use their delivery timescales as a guide for when they should reply next. Stephen Willis emailed me on Wednesday, I replied, now I just have to wait and wait.	others
3653	who wants these HD wallpapers?	me plz link .	I'll uploade em on my drive	others
3654	never was a fan of the rain til i got older	Same. Then I got dogs and hate it cuz u gotta wipe their damn paws every time they go outside to pee	this is true	others
3655	taking the bra off at the end off the day like	This is the most genius use of an emoji ever	ty I've always called it the exploding bra emoji	others
3656	Please,	Yes it would spread the cars but does it just move it to surrounding streets?  This is a project for heads and ptas at each school to drive so getting them on board is key.	I'm sort of hoping that cars get left at home, leaving room for the bikes to enjoy the road. Parents should walk or cycle with their kids. Why not?	others
3657	Runcypherpt3houseofcardthetruthuntold voilà ma chanson fav	PHSKSJRJFKSDKKSKSKS	G oublié liefirstloveseesawsingularity	others
3658	So glad your pupils enjoyed the panto. What did you see?	We went to see Robin Hood and the babes in the wood.. it was amazing and the children’s eyes were on stalkswas amazing to see	I need to take my children to	others
3659	Can you say a DUAL gloW UP?	Oh my gosh y’all are some cuties	Thanks girl!! miss u!	others
3660	“Kevin Durant is the best player in the nba, the fans just have to accept it”	he be bms him and Chris Webber	Don’t get me started on him, *warriors down by 15...” look at how selfish golden state is, they play the game the right way”	others
3661	Not a bad effort from	We'll let our Food team know what you've said :) All feedback is helpful for future recipe reviews! Thanks, Emma	Great! Sushi vinegar = rice vinegar with salt and sugar (not sarson’s). It would be so wonderful to eat authentic sushi in the UK.	others
3662	It exists! What's missing from this though are all the BIPOC and queer people who came up to me afterwards to tell me their stories -- *that* made all the difference!	Loved it! Glad I finally got to watch it.	Let’s schedule that chat! DM me!	others
3663	Hi, how’s things? How’s Chris doing? X	She's still the same at the moment she's not talking to anyone at the moment Dr said its normal but to keep my eye on her because she's not to good how are you xx	I’m sorry to hear that. Grief affects everyone differently but at least she’s following a normal pattern. How long are you off work for? I’m good thanks, busy writing my first novel Hiw are you feeling? It must be hard on you too xx	others
3664	my dad drove me around all day today bc he didn’t want me driving in the rain :’)	I can’t go to school today bc if the rain and finals are next week	I’m still mad none of our professors cancelled class for reading week but instead gave us essays and projects due	others
3665	Binge watching Jeffery vlogs rn	The Bros Involved	I hear lonzo in the back	others
3666	For some reason I just CANNOT get into the winter/Christmas vibe ? I don’t know what it is, I feel like Summer ended yesterday and I am not craving the holidays season WHAT IS HAPPENING	this is so sad omg, get christmas lights to put in your room, a christmas tree scented candle and watch all the bad christmas netflix movies and see if that helps	They put a tree in the hall of my building so it’s helping a little !!	others
3667	clink clink!	you’re so cute omg.... our senior pics are so ugly @ my school	frick ily lisa ty!	others
3668	Rudy Giuliani probably eats potatoes just like you’d eat apples	Lmao bro I am crying this is too good	Thank you g	others
3669	. how does it feel to be on a sucky team now?	Do you think he read this?	It makes me feel better if I think he did	others
3670	I would like to congratulate	I'm frustrated here Helen. I appreciate that many of us want to show us the more traditional aspects of leadership. However, please tread lightly, we are in dangerous waters. Let's get through this together and without harm.	Had Corbyn shown some leadership we wouldn’t be talking about harm and safe waters... had he chosen to stand shoulder to shoulder with other parties at the referendum his then support base would probably have averted Brexit	others
3671	Another girl. Looks like she was caught between the car Field's car hit and another and never came into contact with Field's car at all. Heather did.	I have braided my hair then put in a bun... though I find this interesting. Show me where Heather was in the photo of the crash. I looked and do not see another 330 pound woman wearing black.	Here's the gif I was trying to post.	others
3672	Lmaooo	I'm dead ass lol. Not playing them type of games	Nah I feel you lol.. Especially how mfs are nowadays a prenup is a must	others
3673	DM - I can play the role and make the schedule	My B i forgot to put 18+	Im 18 come April - So unless you are going to some LAN soon...	others
3674	did you poll you customers of color before you decided to keep friends..im sure the other races would appreciate programming that represents them we're TIRED of fucking FRIENDS its a REMAKE of LIVING SINGLE that only white ppl watch and im offended	Jackie	i had to stand up for myself lmao	others
3675	Finishes a paper ...	ugh so proud <3	Ty, I love doing the bare minimum <3	others
3676	NEW BLOG POST ALERT! Marriage isn't always easy, but being with someone who loves you unconditionally makes things a little easier. Feel free to read more about some of the things my husband and I have been struggling with lately.	Amazing post! I tried to leave a comment on ur blog but its showing some error. :-/	Thank you! I will try to fix it	others
3677	where’s this from ?	nct seasons greetings	thank u!!!	others
3678	When do you want to start getting ready for your date, ?	Soon, soon.	Are you okay?	others
3679	holy crud	Yay! I hope as people give it a shot, we continue to show them that we did try really hard to make a good game. ^_^	Well imvho, you did. I'm having a blast playing it.	others
3680	Pretty sure this has to be one of the worst league shops out there lmaoo??	Yeah my shop didn't make sense neither, out of all the skins it put on, only one champion i had actually played >.< but your shop is just nastyy	I think it really didn’t know what to give me (haven’t played much lately), and Rito never gives me sexy skin rng so all that remained were cheap leftovers I didn’t own already. I’m glad someone else has acknowledged it’s awful thank you probably punishment for not playing	others
3681	Sarriball was a fluke?	Judging a system guardiola took 2yrs to implement 6yrs on and your team ain't g@ no system or plan	This is a funny assessment but let's argue over it. Each manager has his own philosophy. It took Pep 2yrs to implement his and Conte less than 6months. But who survived the scare? The main reason I want Jose sack is he has had the best of these 6yrs but got us believed the.....	others
3682	My baby hasn't pooped in four days. So...	Fletchers castoria	What is that? i can google...	others
3683	no one is going to play smash with me tonight... im gonna cry	I WILL ON SATURDAY I JUST HAVE COLLEGE AND WORK	BUT THE CONVENTION I HAVE TO GO.. TONIGHT MIGHT BE THE ONLY NIGHT I CAN PLAY TILL MONDAY ((((((( THATS LIKE A WHOLE YEAR I HAVE TO WAIT ALMOST	others
3684	CSGO IST JETZT FREE TO PLAY WAS	Warte was	What is included with CS:GO? CS:GO (now available for free) is the full game. New CS:GO players will receive access to all game modes, matchmaking, and a limited set of item drops and weapon cases.	others
3685	For fuck’s sake. If you really cared about animals and the planet you’d put your energy where it really matters. THIS doesn’t mean shit. I’m a vegetarian and I won’t stop saying these idioms because that’s all they are. No one actually kills birds with stones. Fuck off.	This is why I love you. And also yeah, they’ve always been like this. I was hoping they’d do better but then I see shit like this.	Ah thank you Yeah they’re extremely hypocritical! They’re giving vegetarians/vegans a bad name. I do not support PETA.	others
3686	My mom came through her surgery just fine, and it looks like they got all the cancer. Great news.	Great news,indeed. I wish her all the best for her recovery. Hugs	Thank you. Been stressed so much worried if it spread.	others
3687	"Can you guys out there help a ""Good"" friend of mine please. He needs some love(some followers). His name is"	Ey Adam, we know you as a very optimizer in technologies (f.ex, lightest radio in the market). WTF do you do with Bluetooth ON wasting battery?	Have a better look..... 71% battery @ 5:03pm with hungry dual SIM phone, that's optimised!!! Screen brightness down, bluelight filter always on :)	others
3688	To all the haters that said I wouldn’t make it	PLS don’t forget me when ur famous	Kendrick Lamar taught me to be humble. I’ll never forget where I came from	others
3689	I just can’t wait to finish work early tomorrow, get home, and make Nintendo characters beat the shit out of each other	Then come for drinks with me.	Haha IF I get tired of smash bros	others
3690	NO. NOT PETE SHELLEY. D:  Goddammit. The Buzzcocks were the best. His solo stuff was underrated.  Goddammit. Thank you for everything, you legend	It will forever be one of the highlights of my life that Pete Shelley kissed me on the lips. I'm miserable. What a loss.	Oh god! What a memory!	others
3691	1	Faq	I know	others
3692	Day 69 update: *insert update sex joke here*	Yes flint , this is exactly what I wanted.	Well when a mammy tweet and a daddy tweet love eachother very much...	others
3693	It’s an important part of his story. How many people of his level of power and importance kept the same parish church for 50 years? (Aside, I’ve also been attending St. Martin’s since I’ve lived in Houston and it’s a special place.	Oh, agree, I was just joking about the sloppy headline wording.	Aha ! I thought you were serious !	others
3694	I’m bored anyone wanna flirt for a few days and then move on with our lives respectively?	will probably do it	Shhh this was supposed to be a subtweet, Lyndall...	others
3695	Kinds Of Men, a taxonomy of the men in Rosemary's Baby, being also a taxonomy of men in patriarchal society:	Sara this is stunning	thank you!	others
3696	So uhhh	And I thought I was crazy with 20	Won’t stop listening until I can thigh drum along to every song in Mental Knife - still working on it...	others
3697	is hiding	We are sorry about this! Please visit our Customer Service link to issue formal feedback for follow-up: Thanks!	Why? It won’t do any good. I won’t be returning to this store	others
3698	Agent would be great today, but new writer friends make pitch parties worthwhile too. Still new to the friends!	Since you are already stuck with me... I will sit here in the corner and wish agent for you ;)	Thank you, lady!	others
3699	delete that/provide context or else ill tell rin what her gift is	you wouldn’t	i wouldnt but delete that now or no wonwoo pc	others
3700	Had a dream I fought	who won	Idk I punched his eye and then he disappeared	others
3701	"He walked on up to , presenting him with a blunt. ""It's been a while. You free?"""	Daaaaamn, you pulled up just at the right time, homeboy! Blaze that shit up!	I wouldn't be a real man if I didn't. A true man always shows up at the right time. He remarked with a chuckle, lighting up the blunt before passing it over to Lyon. Once the other had his, Elfman would pull another blunt out for himself, lighting it and taking a hit.	others
3702	Holy crisis communications scenario training,	Hey thanks so much for listening!! :)	You’re a rock star! Thanks for an awesome presentation.	others
3703	One of my main characters just decided to go a different way than I planned. Whoops.	When my characters do that, bad things tend to happen to them.	Well he’s already supposed to die later so	others
3704	clink clink!	OHMYGOD UR SO BEAUTIFUL	thank you pretttttiest girl ever	others
3705	Why does this man keep harassing me	Dude I got that same snap	Jesus he’s such a creep	others
3706	red dead tonight?	Yessir...wat time?	I just got a couple shit to do. I’ll be on by 6	others
3707	He’s a Demon	I’m pretty convinced at this point	Back in 2015 when he did this...thats when I knew.	others
3708	Another miles in the bag for	that is one lucky dog!	Aye, got him out of the traffic & he was happy. Kept rolling over onto the pavement for a belly rub.	others
3709	Opinions?	He hit u before turn 2 pushed u wide how’s he in a esports	Ano try’s to blame me	others
3710	I really want to know who started calling me PC b/c everyone calls me that now.	Connor really said I gave myself the nickname coco. I was like uhhhh no I’m pretty sure porsch or bri gave it to me when we were on cheer	Lmaoo yes it was definitely us	others
3711	Girls are so hard to buy for wtf	TELL ME ABOUT IT DUDE	Can you possibly throw me a few ideas?	others
3712	Honestly, credit to for literally showing me what to do when someone has a seizure. Saw the signs, caught her before she fell, put her on her side, and called 911. Took her pulse and checked her breathing.	What??	Yeaaaa she’s on our IT team and has epilepsy. She was helping me with something and saw her eyes glaze over and she started to lose her balance. Pretty crazy	others
3713	My Twitter secret Santa pick has got me super excited.	Me neither I didn’t see this in the manual, what page was it on? Was it in the DM section cause I skipped that	You need to catch up. I know who has your name !!	others
3714	進捗状況です（ ･ิω･ิ） 下書きの下書き。44～45P	Aaaaaahhh I loved this!!!	thank you(/o^∀^o)/～	others
3715	my head is massive	A yam	Lol, if I decide to say what's on my mind eh. Angel Gabriel will blow the trumpet for me to enter hell alone.	others
3716	hell yes!	Ana a7la warda	ofcc you're<3	others
3717	That’s my girl! Confuse the enemy!	These times its only cause you guys are beefing	I don’t who you’re talking about but whatever	others
3718	Curry arrives to the table: “Sorry, we’ve changed our mind on that one, don’t want it now.. unless you want to give it to us for free?!”	Need to make a rule where once ordered and it’s cooked and brought to the table it’s a 50% cancellation charge once being served.	You wouldn’t think you’d such a rule *sigh*	others
3719	Honestly didn’t even dislike fairytale of New York until I discovered how much straight people love belting out the word f*ggot. My “maybe just stop using a word that reminds your lgbtq friends of trauma” is done for the year	My gay mate has threatened to bum me if I stop singing it. Genuinely his favourite Xmas song	All this proves is that gay men can be wrong too	others
3720	"BK, I am 110% positive that you gave even more to TCU than we gave to you! - Chancellor Victor Boschini  ""Blessing"" is an UNDERSTATEMENT when it comes to my time here. December 15th at 2pm, the degree is secured. 3.5 years with a B.A. in Journalism. All Glory be to God"	What an accomplishment!! So very proud of you!!! Mr. TCU- you will be missed for real!!	Thank you so much Mama Nutt! You got the first glimpse of me in Honolulu right before the journey started, I hope I've made you proud since then	others
3721	Send him my venmo	No he’s mine	u can't have em all	others
3722	i can't feel sorry for these ppl losing their money ...it's fine with me	You would be surprised how many former Milo supporters are turning away and if we extend our hand we can make a lot more progress than if we turn our backs to them	ah sure  still not feeling anything for them  but a good laugh at their wasted time and money	others
3723	Would anyone in the Texas/Oklahoma panhandle be interested in doing a strip till demo if we were down in the area in the next couple weeks?	I’m interested. I’m right off US 287 north of Dumas, TX	That is a good location also	others
3724	Really? Really, really?	Ugh. I actually clicked that.	My commiserations.	others
3725	im missin the boys like crazy i cant wait to see them again~	lucky ihavent seen them	they are really sweet I hope you get to meet them soon!~	others
3726	When you’re good to your body, your body is good to you.	Indeed when I eat healthier I just feel so much better honestly	Right?! Isn’t it so nice	others
3727	no network all bloody day... i cant believe this i hope you are compensating us	What all 40p of lost data?	Was i talking to you?	others
3728	Chuffed to bits with this.. Vets conference could boost Manchester's economy by £110m - Manchester Evening News	All you need now is the annual taxidermist conference at the same time and ... ... whatever happens you get your dog back!	Ahead of you already - we’ve got the Uberdermists coming - 3 years away, no hang on 5 now - oh no 8 - aah damn they’ve cancelled	others
3729	Do i wanna get this tat or go out to eat	Go out to eat	I do lol	others
3730	coconut in 2018!!! you'll never believe how he looks now	CUTE WHAT THE FUCK	anyway i love u	others
3731	Ever wondered what tourist guides do during winter? Here is friend and fellow	What a brilliant idea. This would certainly have brightened up the morning commute	It certainly did. Unfortunately didn’t manage to capture the reactions of passengers getting on tram on way to airport. It was ‘pure magic’.	others
3732	My message to those people who think (1/6)	If it is critical to you get a PAYG backup SIM on a different network. It's not hard.	Clever idea, and would just require me unlocking my phone, not replacing the phone altogether? (I assume?)	others
3733	Karma is a bitch, Milo.	I had to google who the heck he is because i have never heard of him and frankly dont want to know now after i read about him.	Totally a bad hombre.	others
3734	do me wrong do me wrong do me wrong	ur track record isn’t gr8	Ur face isn’t gr8 but here we are	others
3735	ALSO. genre question: where do you shelve/categorize a fantasy novel set in the far future with numerous technological advances that do not yet exist?	"Fictional/ future science is sci fi. Imo it's only fantasy if the emphasis is on ""ooh, magical, not possible so I'll hand wave it away"" as opposed to ""ooh, science, not possible so here's some obfuscation to get you to believe me"""	what about objects/etc that users of the science/technology accept cannot be explained by science, such as gods though :(  like 'welp there goes a god'	others
3736	Anyone wanna make $30 to play with my dog tomorrow? I’m a double but I don’t wanna leave her locked up at my place all day.	You should just start bringing her to me in the morning so I can take her to Noah’s for daycare	When I get her spayed and give her the last round of shots I will. I need to take her ASAP I just never have time	others
3737	Yeah but he is using the Warriors.....	Houston took them to 7 games last year.......	Bro it’s 2k, get outta here	others
3738	Sike I’m gonna finish my homework then continue writing my Johnten au where Ten is a music box ballerina toy and Johnny’s a detective	Can help you to write	It’s good my dude I finished it already	others
3739	I thought I’m gonna die but I can’t die because I’m already dead.	The heart is still beating	But the soul stopped breathing	others
3740	idk what my issue is	Ok but when are you joining the AMD marketing team? Literally dreaming about their products. Lol	This isn't even the first time	others
3741	Incase you were wondering if Grapes has matching pants for those jackets we’ve been making fun of for 40 years	He’s so insane	I mean honestly I wish I had the insanity or confidence to rock half of what he’s don’d over the years…	others
3742	Tantos errores en un solo twit: 1) ser homofóbico no es un pensamiento. 2) decidí tu discurso pq hablas de la libertad de pensamiento haciendote el dueño de la moral y terminas bardeamos por la apariencia Es que gente básica en San Juan sobra	you're doing amazing sweetie	Lov u	others
3743	"someone said sabrina needs to ""work on her style"" for her to become a huge star ??? literally she never gives us the same thing twice so you're always expecting something new and other artists continue to change their style all the time so i really dont see your point"	What tf does STYLE out of all things have to do with anything	they mean like her music style	others
3744	Failure is the price we pay for standards and, because mediocrity has consequences both real and harsh, standards are necessary.	You're very tweety today!	FB boring me, don’t like the new Insta build, Snapchat =	others
3745	Under The Influence Above The Ignorance	Suh I damn near didn’t notice who you were! Almost shot my lil jumper at you!	helll nawl lil bih lookin like a ehole snack outchea !	others
3746	Could your customer experience been any shitter	I'm so sorry for any complications which have occurred up to this point Sarah, please DM me the tracking number so I can help. Kind regards, Amrick	I don’t have one. It was supposed to be a present so as the recipient, I don’t have access to it.	others
3747	But some y’all ain’t got enough dick for marriage so what’s really goin on?	trip to paris & the mercedes . fuck the rest.	I just want the money periodt	others
3748	All the time tbh	Well, I have always had that feeling as well. I never fit in. But as I have become more true to myself the last year, I feel I also attract the right kind of people for me now. People I do fit in with. And that's such an amazing feeling. I hope you can experience this as well. x	I will soon and I hope it is soon hahaha	others
3749	They will tell some of u to shift inside bus, u'll do mouth like pigeon and not answer.. Nonsense attitude..	Otidun werey wo nipple	Please I'm not werey let's behave ourselves	others
3750	WHY IS MY TOP SONG LIKE THAT DHAHDHA	ikon is on mine if that makes u feel better	I HAVE X ON MINE SAY SIKEEE	others
3751	Can you cum with just nipple stimulation? — With a set of rough hands and filthy talking, anything is possible.	Or if the hands are too smooth but skillful... she chuckled and adjusted her hair.	❛ Oh— and with Felicia’s hands, of course. ❜   Flickering her gaze to meet the feline’s, candied brims would display a feminine smile.  ❛ Couldn’t forget my favourite kitten now, could I? ❜	others
3752	now her stupid annoying ass is about to try and make it about social media being toxic, she loves being a victim	literally	it’s so tired	others
3753	WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HEREEEEEE?!	Why would you bring this to my timeline	I saw it so someone else had to see it too	others
3754	Asked my mom XD	Afaik having internet access basically all the time has really changed the way we deal with information? Like nowadays you don't have to know/remember as many things, but you do need to know how to use search engines to find what you're looking for	"Agreed. But alsol ike my mom knows a lot of random trivia. Sometimes it still works to just ask her because it's easier than googling ""who's that guy who played the dude's brother in the thing with laura from that show from the 90s?"" XD"	others
3755	Hello Christmas	Y’all some hoes fr fr	You mad b	others
3756	My dearest angel, I always knew that I was missing something and when I met you, I felt that I was finally happy and complete. We will always be connected even with so much distance My miracle	Cute	Ownt	others
3757	Yesterday's stream ended up me picking any word and using it as a pick line. , are right behind! So, can give you me your best pick up line? I'll read them out loud on my stream later!	Do you like vegetables? Because I love you from my head to-ma-toes.	OMG I've never heard that! Hahaha!	others
3758	113 days until the Settled Status application process going live for the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK. 113 days to iron out bugs. According to the ratings on the Android App Store about 50% of users are happy while 50% were very unhappy with the App provided by the Home Office.	can we download it on apple phone now?	No, sorry. No Apple support	others
3759	Ain’t Kendrick one?	Idk is he really? I gotta read up	Ion think you gone find a pic of his moms off the snap, crackle and pop pack but he does mention it in a song or two. Especially “you know that we crack babies cause we born in the 80s”	others
3760	What’s a fun, kind thing I’ve not watched that I should watch? Pure froth, I can’t emphasise enough how little thinking I want to do (and not the Maisel thing)?	Have you watched Forever (on Amazon) ? I can’t say anything about it without it spoiling but it’s funny and just short half hour episodes.	That sounds spot on - will give it a go	others
3761	Just so you know there are a lot of people that are wondering how I’m doing so don’t worry about me not having friends ok?	What does Corbin want you to suck?	A dick	others
3762	Kaskade, Lane 8, and some weird shit in between. What would we do without music	Good Charlotte	Yeah I’m still not sure about that one. Blink for sure but I’m not a fan of them.	others
3763	THIS IS SO CUTE PELAEUEH	oh i’m blushing, hh thank you so much!	I'M SOFT	others
3764	If your pattern does not require enlarging or shrinking and it's just ready to go the scale would be 1:1 (or 100%)	basically all my patterns are ready to go, I don't mess about with enlarging or anything like that, if something doesn't fit on the paper I find another way around.	Okay, then it's 1:1 or 100% My guess is the person has come across patterns that need enlarging cuz it prints out too small so that's probably why they said that  Other books I have use percentages (ie. Enlarge on scanner at 120% for proper size)	others
3765	got an offer from manc uni n im so excited ive dreamed of this moment just got lots n lots of work to put in now !!!	OMG I’m so proud of u!!!!	thank u my love !!! hope ur ok	others
3766	Please, DON'T BE this type of person tracing other artists artworks they traced even one of my commissions  A kid or not, there's no excuse to do this type of shit.	that doesn’t make sense??? it’s obviously blantantly traced? it makes no sense	IKR??? like... why??? what's the point of tracing someone else's art;;	others
3767	wish I was as pretty as this donut	(You are)	Don’t make me blush	others
3768	Thanks I hate that I get this	For the record I haven’t been keeping track of which photo is for each person but glad u enjoyed it anyway	No I mean my brain connected this to that Cursed Fic so I hate that I understand it	others
3769	Gift from work	Damn that's pretty slick! Very Gmoney Esque	Word. Going to wear it to special occasions	others
3770	The GoFas Racing 32 team has a driver and I must say, Drunk Brian wholeheartedly approves and thinks they will be a great combination.	Does know yet?	I hope so!	others
3771	Actually lost my fucking head, legit what is there to do with NO WIFI bored to fucking tears man	Go to the pub	God I need friends for that	others
3772	If it isn’t your intro of the year we aren’t speaking	WELCOME TO THE DARKER SIDE OF TABOOOO	ALL I GOT PERMANENT SCARS AND TATTOOOOS	others
3773	como ahora todo el mundo empiece a escuchar a fun. me voy a cagar en todo eh basta ya que los llevo escuchando desde que tenia -103 años	Lol siguen vivos?	obviously	others
3774	it can't be that if your brother in law is gay then if he gets married he and his husband are both your brothers in law. right? that sounds bizarre	"don't think this is homo/heterospecific, it's a weird property of ""in-law"" that the second degree always confuses people"	I think it feels a bit less weird in the hetero context because at least you get to use different terms for each spouse	others
3775	Like. Where the seasoning?!!	i’m dead lmfao but i feel you	I’m glad someone does lol	others
3776	Game of thrones go crazy wow. I been sleep	Told U. But you’ve seen absolutely nothing yet	Them white walkers some savage mf’s lmao	others
3777	well !	WHO	some french stan I quoted cause they were saying some dumb shithsjsj	others
3778	Leave to Chicago and 8min wait is actually 30-40min. Way to pile everyone into 1 lot and create a traffic jam.	What lot??? . What lot are you catching Uber’s in?	It’s the lot they are dispatched from. It’s taking 30+ min to get out of the lot and to the airport. The lot is close to airport.	others
3779	Top 10 candidates per my MVP model so far this season:	why is AD not ranking at all?	He's 11th.	others
3780	who put on the best live show you saw in 2018?	Either Bas or Amine. The energy at both shows was amazing	yeah that amine show was fire. i gotta give it to buddy though.	others
3781	You can call me King of The North! Wait until you see what we bought for our next Fast N' Loud build	A tractor? Lol	Funny enough there was a sweet would have murdered me	others
3782	Trash ?	Shit type weak bro lol I expected more.	Damn can’t wait to bump	others
3783	‘Easiest to Write’ is probably my favourite song ever	You told me it was sexy and i know it?	That’s now second...	others
3784	Where do I get cute but also protective covers for iPhone X	AliExpress	They took too long don’t they	others
3785	Graphics card decided to kill itself, great night :)	Same. Was it a new Geforce driver by any chance?	Nope, I’m on an RX570	others
3786	I LEFT MY ENGAGEMENT RING IN GAINESVILLE.	HOW	I don’t wear it everyday so I’m not used to always putting it on. FUCK TODAY.	others
3787	also i need a better header but i can’t find any oof	These are all my pictures from the day by the way so no credit needed or whatever	you’re so sweet wtf :( thank u so much	others
3788	Bad thing happening. Bad bad BAD thing happening.	This video seemed appropriate	THAT WAS MADE BECAUSE I DO NOT WANT MY CONTENT STOLEN. MY STUFF IS COPYRIGHTED NOW.	others
3789	Imagine. 2 oclock morning times. Sleepin peaceful in the human bed. I'm awoken by a DING DANG INTRUDER UNDER. THE. COVERS. I POW-POUNCED that intruder straight away w ALL the claws LIKE BAM. false alarms, only the human's foot. Both of us real surprised. What a twist, y'all.	Wow. I think my cat has a twitter account now.....	All the cats should have Twitters, for tweeting so much important cat things.	others
3790	I’m really proud of today’s news from Brink	That's awesome. A friend of mine is thinking about going down that route for his business. Might you be open to having a brief chat with him about it?	Thanks George. Yes happy to chat about it, drop me a note at abi@hellobrink.co	others
3791	Gonna break my usual go-to colors for my Timeranger and Dekaranger by going with Violet.	Imagine a Go-On Orange partnered with Carrigator and a Go-On Navy partnered with Jum-bowhale.	xD ah. I do have a Go-onger. White ranger with a snake engine.	others
3792	i miss stan	why do so many people miss him am i missing something	idk i’ve always liked him	others
3793	I know how to do it myself. Filter and all	It ain't gon take no $150 either way...	I know that..... but I’d still prefer to do it myself. Self satisfaction	others
3794	Struggling. Need help! How do you decide on an ending? Do you know it from the beginning? Do you have multiple in your head to choose from?	I have a lot of endings in my mind for mine. But i think i will choose the right one as the story progress.	Ahaha I wish I could have your chill! What's your secret!	others
3795	Argument against OT generic working -protection of OT, recruitment & retention,others doing OT and accepting this is wrong (e.g.behavioural activation) increase professional confidence and pride,increasing research of effectiveness in OT	Do you have any links to journals / sources for and against this debate please?	I was commentating on the debate which was happening at the RCOTSSMH study day if you go to they have identified the OT’s who did the for and against arguments who you would be able to contact	others
3796	It’s My birthday	Happy birthday to my beautiful girl in the world i wish nice years love u	Dlalliiiii i love youu	others
3797	Day 6 and the 2nd Bounty has already appeared. To anyone else finding the situation distressing, there'll be an emergency helpline to give help and advice. Thoughts and prayers to you all	you'll have to eat a lot more to catch me uplad!	I can't manage a calendar every day like you do. Unless there's a welshcake behind each door	others
3798	Which frames look best ? I’m partial to the Gold joints lol	2 look the best on you. The other ones are a no	But bestie I like the gold ones lol	others
3799	Convince me otherwise, but SouljaBoy's sole reason for wanting to make a hand-held game device is because Soulja Boy sounds like GameBoy	But then he ruined it by calling it the 'SouljaGame Handheld'.	Let's be honest it was ruined from the start	others
3800	"famous last words ""we're done, thanks"""	Oh so you petttty? Thank you, next.	If thats a screen cap of the voicemail, I'd rather slit my wrists and sit in a hot bath than listen to it	others
3801	Anyone who hasn’t watched are showing every single episode from the start from 15 December - I’m going to watch every episode again in preparation	Ive got them all on Dvd so will be starting a marathon session prior to the final season myself	I’ve caught a few random ones recently and the things you notice in earlier ones now you’ve seen them all is amazing .... so excited for new season ... will have to do the Northern Ireland location tour next year too... Did Dubrovnik one couple of years ago and loved it	others
3802	I actually just went and looked at Notre Dames schedule..... wow. Horrible. And no championship.  If a big ten team had this kind of schedule and won the championship they wouldn’t put them in.	Only if there were 4 other undefeated teams with better schedules. Honestly I think they like the Big 10 a lot. But they have consistently said for two years that a blowout loss is a dealbreaker and I respect that.	Right....I guess I got off track. ND schedule is horrible lol that all	others
3803	This girl thought I was so sweet so she wants to do my lashes for free	No te vaya dejar así	Lmao I would cry	others
3804	did the furries infiltrate blizzard now?	GOD i hate this	right! zarya’s was like on yhe edge but this one went over tbh	others
3805	So can I be cardi b’s loyal faithful servant now or what	We’ll have to fight over it	We can scrap right now my dude	others
3806	nothing hurts more than the moment you realise you aren’t as important to someone as you thought you were , but they are your everything...x	Me @ everyone I know	get them people out of ur life , they dont deserve u	others
3807	BANGS	You late	Nah I been on	others
3808	Dear 564 of my followers, Please follow my wife . She'll follow you back I promise.	Hahaha I was just kidding. You didn't have to ask your followers to follow me! I'll take em tho	They're only about 12 that haven't muted me so don't expect a rush	others
3809	Are any sociologists studying the medicalization of execution? It seems like an interesting and important topic right now.	I thought about in relation to ideas about electricity re birth and death. It would be a great project if someone was doing it!	It would! I’m also very interested in this question of how the state is able to get their hands on these drugs that companies refuse to manufacture. Can something be medicalized if the profession won’t touch it with a ten foot pole?	others
3810	Merry point Monster in Lancaster County Va	Stop playing!	Bro.... Ive been at work upset all day. Got another one for you taken 2 miles from where i hunt in Westmoreland..standbye!	others
3811	The only one I can’t attend.	Aaaah asi Bellz anouya hake ka ?	She wants to kill you. Don’t even ask!!!	others
3812	Bigots met by anti-bigotry activists outside the Dáil. We must resist far right extremists at all costs.	This shows how out to lunch the left are, they dont have a clue what they are protesting, they protest whatever their overlords tell them to protest.	What overlord is that, Soros again I suppose.	others
3813	Will get back to u gorgeous folk about the Xmas stuff. But thought u might like a look at my new “heaven”! Found my calling!  8 amazing dogs (Great Dane,St. Bernard,Bostons & tiny weird ones!) but now...I have a farm!Love animals SO much! Here’s the newest babies to my fam!	Are you building an ark, Sheridan??	Yep! If we have a kid we are gonna call it Noah! Just for shits and giggles!	others
3814	Anyways! I love Calum the mostest x	this is unequal support	Not my fault he’s the best	others
3815	Does anybody have a forehead kink? Or is it just me ? (Yes, im starting add more and more kinks)	y’all mfs weird	I AINT ADDING NO PISS KINK THO	others
3816	It’s ‘90s night for the Flyers tonight, and tbh I just wanna see what crazy shenanigans Gritty has in store for it	I do enjoy that '90s night is to be played against a team that didn't exist then... (Also I wish that all mascots were like !)	why do I feel like Gritty will be savage & trash talk on Twitter referencing that	others
3817	I'm still waiting on that live that junmyeon said he'll do when kyungsoo and jongdae are present cause he wants to show them that he's on instagram now	jsjsjs he really said that?	Yeah he did which is why i was crying in his dms in the day of my final exam for him to not go live again but he didn't. He asked when will jd and ksoo arrive and someone said 3pm but it was already 3pm when jm was live hsjs	others
3818	my hair makes me look like i have an office job	steph from accounting	i’m too dumb for that	others
3819	Vernon Carey Jr to Duke!	Another 1 and done kid	If he went to PC it would be good though right? I hate the rule,but have to adapt to the times. I’m enjoying it while it lasts. Coach K won’t be around forever.	others
3820	The number of Head Boys & Girls (and other prefects) that have been humbled in medical school by their MB	No jokes, the humbling process is real	I'm a victim. So I can relate.	others
3821	mfw the paid group leader been sayin buy the dip since 18k	wow	Vro I’ve watched this video at least 100 times and it just gets better and better	others
3822	Excellent banter.	Haha cheers ma sen	"Not a problem! Also enjoyed your Live Lounge interview with - ""I'm a big farter"""	others
3823	HARRY CRIPPS! Scored for Millwall against in my first ever game 1-1 1966. From Dereham.	I remember Harry Cripps playing against us at Carrow Road in 72? With a cut above his eye and blood all over his white shirt. Ended 2-2 and a Millwall supporter punch me on the nose at the train station!	Well you would have felt left out if he hadn’t !	others
3824	Does anyone know/have an awesome spreadsheet of all the best Desmos classroom activities, both by Desmos and teachers?	There is this:	That is perfect!!! Thank you so much, Jennifer	others
3825	I FOUND 2 WHOLE CHAPTERS OF MARKED WRIST THAT I NEVER POSTED AND ONE OF THEM IS *STRUGGLES TO SAY THE WORD* FLUFF DHDJSJSKSKSKAK	If you not gon post them jsut dm then to me please uwu	that’s just made me very very happy, and whatever I don’t use (probably the fluff chapter) I will dm to you as soon as I finish the fic	others
3826	los tacos de huicho	What you know about that ?	i know a lot	others
3827	- E V O X - (Tap to expand)	Nock off Evo!!	Still Evo based	others
3828	Woah another kei. Hey.	I dont see you on my mentabs i wonder why	Am i invisible? Woah.	others
3829	To be honest do you have to be brutal or can you do it with tact? One of my best friends is about to lose me because she says the worst stuff to me and then tries to defend it by saying she is just being honest.	You can most definitely be honest with tact. If she is continually making you feel crappy and saying she’s just being honest, it’s totally okay to cut ties. Sending lots and lots of love	This community gives me so much love. Thank y’all.	others
3830	Too all my friends who can play Smash on Day 1... FUCK YOU. I love you guys, but fuck you. >:V	when can you play it? Or do you still need a Switch?	I still need a Switch, and i'm currently saving for SakuraCon in April. I don't honestly have the spare money currently to just buy everything I need for Smash.	others
3831	Frosty november night behind the house.	Most of your day is a frosty night now :). 4 days of sun left!!	Yup! Already no sun where I live. :) Higher up in the city you can still see it for a moment though.	others
3832	Krlo yar follow	Waisy aesay shoutout nhi detay	Phr kese dety	others
3833	Happy Birthday, Kenji!	I love this! One of the few parings I had in the show and that became canon! (Chizuru, Fumihiko, it's your turn)	Thank you! I'm also cheering for FumiChizu too for many reasons	others
3834	be added soon?	You mean ? :)	You added it after I tweeted, right? Or am I at the beginning of demencia? :D	others
3835	how can the human body hold so much s not	For real... are we just snot machines??	I HOPE NOT	others
3836	Bag packed and ready for my trip to Manchester for the Christmas party. First one of my P3 career so I’m on my best behaviour see you all tomorrow!	We don’t do best behaviour on nights out ..especially the Xmas party soooooo you can pack that in	I’ll hold you to that! If I see you back door boogie you’re in for it!	others
3837	But seriously who's trynna get hammered after finals	Tomorrow	I finish finals on Tuesday g	others
3838	Squints at that 180 likes. Hate art thieves >x>	Watermarks, yo! You deserve credit and attention for all that hard work!	ahh I should have out my watermarks on this one, especially since lucas requested it ;v;	others
3839	Honoured to win the 2018 Marjorie Graber-McInnis Short Story Award! Thanks to and the McInnis family for making this award possible.	Congratulations, Amanda!	Thanks Lisa!	others
3840	Good luck with your generation of Trophies For Everyone generation. They won’t FIGHT or DEFEND ANYONE. This father gave a correct and balanced consequence to inappropriate behavior. Did you expect him to give her a toy ? What would you do ? You haven’t answered	Cassandra wasn’t bullied enough in Highschool. We really need to bring bullying back.	She’s pushing her All-Punishment-Is-Bullying agenda .. She’s swinging the pendulum way over to the other side....	others
3841	ive lost more than half of my hair lately, it was the only thing i liked about myself. my self esteem officially dropped to zero :))	It's because of stress, babe. I'm here if you want to talk	thank u love	others
3842	I wanna see A Boogie in concert	Me too!!!	Yooo I just feel like that would be a lit Ass concert! I’m about to see if he has any coming up	others
3843	Can’t believe Nicole Kidman invented fishtail braids	Oh is that what they’re called? I love that kind of braid	Yeah!	others
3844	If everyone could get on how drunk girls do in toilets the world would be a better place	My experience: I was so drunk they had to carry me on the toilet. Literally.	That sounds wonderful haha. I always try to help the super drunk people from falling down ahahh	others
3845	I’m in such a soft mood and I love talia with literally everything she’s truly the best	talia loves you	I love you	others
3846	Need to drain phone battery to test some charging tech. Anybody have any advice on good ways to flatten the battery while the phone is just sitting there? Right now I'm playing Led Zeppelin concert video with sound turned way up. (Also, what would singers do without mic stands?)	Ingress	I said drain my phone battery, not render it unusable.	others
3847	R: Oh man, what a damn beautiful moment to end the podcast, love each of you	Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it.	R: Loved it!	others
3848	Kill Shot| 12•5 | TURN ON	Super dope When is the song coming out?	Thank you it was actually just a free write	others
3849	I read an article about teams getting fucked if their long snapper gets hurt in a game and i haven't looked at football the same ever since	I forgot to click that when it came across the TL last week. You remember where it was from?	wanna say it was a amazing)	others
3850	My boss is determined to find me a boyfriend to the point she’s introducing and making me speak to every guy	if only my boss felt the same	She’s a keeper x	others
3851	SECOND ROW 4 CLASS BABEY Check out my class in	Damn i’m still in row 2 u’re Powerful	row 4 is so tedious to unlock it takes so long to get there.....	others
3852	should I smoke before my lash appointment or after	AFTER	girl I am so anxious lol	others
3853	Struggling. Need help! How do you decide on an ending? Do you know it from the beginning? Do you have multiple in your head to choose from?	I decide on the ending from the start. I need to know what is the message that I want my readers to get at the end of my story and build my ending accordingly so that it represents it.	Building to a theme or message, then?	others
3854	listen to this bitch in 2019 or we can’t be friends	Lol	Lol im serious tho what’s takin y’all so long	others
3855	I have to smoke my cigs so fast at work that I get nic buzzes and I deadass just ran into the wall	This happened to me in high school. I told them I had to run across the street to get my paper, ran over there and smoked a cig in like 5 drags, went to walk in my house and ran face first into a sliding glass door I thought was open...	Oh hell no	others
3856	In awe at the size of those speeds. Absolute unit.  (Original: juicefarcicles on IG)	So u now have 300 mbps	Nope, those are definitely not typical speeds—a customer of ours just somehow got there, and we were too impressed not to share!	others
3857	The C gates in terminal B at LaGuardia have no alcohol. I found this out AFTER I went through TSA so I went right the fuck back out and went to a different terminal. Now I have to go through TSA again.	I support this decision.	There really was no decision. I couldn't go three hours in an airport without a damn beer	others
3858	We are all Twitter hot* *disgusting in real life	I am not disgusting. I’m just old.	I'm both.	others
3859	Dried chillis and dried alliums	Do you have a dehydrator?	Yes I do, I dried these chillis in my greenhouse	others
3860	Leonard bout to be single.	As a pair of socks. Y’all not breaking up.	You better get him he want a side chick	others
3861	Rank the Gameboy era Zelda games so I can determine your taste level.	Links awakening  Oracle of Ages Oracles of Seasons  Minish Cap	I think you are the first person to have the same ranking as me!	others
3862	the controversial one	the crackhead with rabid fans...	thank u for recognizing my talents	others
3863	whenever y’all ready for this 2k action ...let me know ! I WANT ALL THE SMOKE	I’m gone send it threw in a min bum	I’m gotta PS4 now...	others
3864	These are FITS how am I supposed to decide?!	Both of the sequined ones!	I think sequin dress makes me look lumpy LOL	others
3865	Just bought a headset for the first time. I’ve always had turtle beach before. So I’m excited to see the difference good or bad. The only drawback I see atm (which isn’t a huge deal) is they aren’t wireless. Feel free to drop opinions in the comments.	Let me know what you think cause i need a new headset and would like to know your opinion on those and which kind	Well I returned them, they were usb straight to console, not to controller	others
3866	I’ve let all of you down... I’m so sorry. I don’t want to go to hell	TWENTY FOUR HOURS?! I thought my 14 of Talking Heads was a lot. Shaney... this is really showing me a whole other side of you...	My first thought was legitimately.. “Wait, 24?? Dianna only listened to the Talking Heads for 14!!”	others
3867	HEY INDIANAPOLIS - I'M ON STAGE AT 8.30PM TONIGHT AT THE IRVING THEATRE. SEE YOU THERE!	What can I bring u next week when I meet u?	Ooooh M&M's	others
3868	When are we going to play Tekken again?	Why do you wanna bully me?>.<	I just want to help you get better, not bully you ): plus it’s fun playing your Lili and Alisa.	others
3869	Went into bath and body works for a new bed set and left out with two laser tag guns	You mean Bed Bath and Beyond?	Yeah dat	others
3870	why I cut my hair again?	did u do the bob	Nah i just tryna remember why I even cut it in the first place	others
3871	And birds have a cheek to say guys are ugly hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha	Raghav!!!!!	Obviously not tarnishing everyone under same brush prime example - overheard a conversation out in the town, guy tries to graft this bird & said nothing wrong (couldn’t have been nicer) & bang she calls him Fucking rotten, ugly etc etc	others
3872	thinking about how when my sister was 6 she was mad at my mom in walmart so she went behind her and bit her except it wasn’t our mom just some random white lady WHAT THE FUCK	bitch i wasn’t even mad at our mom	so you weren’t made you’re just weird	others
3873	proud 2 say i recognized at least a whole dozen creators in the youtube rewind this year	I don't even watch them anymore bc I don't feel hip not being able to recognize anybody in them	i really just watch it to appreciate how old i’m getting and the only real reason i recognized that many this year was bc of all the buzzfeed personalities that have gone independent	others
3874	anybody notice how they got the characters from bo2 zombies locked up on blood of the dead on bo4	you’re the first to notice ever	i honestly am.	others
3875	We could all use a vacation. We’re giving away one trip a day, and each time you use your Mastercard on now through 12/31, you could win a trip for 2. *No Purch Nec. US res 18+. Non-Expedia transactions also qualify. Ends 12/31.	Beautiful! This made my heart smile!	We're glad it made you smile, . We may have a Priceless Surprise for you. Please send us a Direct Message in the next 24 hours to find out more!	others
3876	Wish I’d never bothered with uni. Load of pish.	Struggling mate?	Nah man just that plenty of successful people never had a degree and yet that’s all were told throughout school is that uni is the be all and end all lol	others
3877	Multitasking. Making butter chicken, bopping about the kitchen On The TLC Tip. Oooooooh.	I made butter chicken the weekend before last. It was awesome. But the bigger question: Are you too proud to beg?	Am a bit more Hat 2 Da Back.	others
3878	Everything's at stake here, you guys.  ;)	You mean everything is at steak	Haha, yes! Thanks for noticing my pun. ;)	others
3879	Mine is 21st DEC, i repeat 21st dec. thank ursel lucky	29th December troops quit ur moaning	U lose	others
3880	Everything that’s wrong with this country right here	Why is milky way below bounty tho?	Some things in this world just have no explanation I guess	others
3881	CSGO is now free? damn.	Free for offline play against bots and spectating matches through GOTV.	oh they fucking did a bamboozle	others
3882	This is terrifying. This isn’t just my campus but my neighbourhood	Oh Wow!! I Love that Area. It was my home for so many years.	I usually go to class on the same street my parents live	others
3883	fucking mad cunt him, how's he not in prison yet	Actually loved him so much. Exactly what every team needs. Imagine him and Fadz next to each other	we'd have the worst discipline in the league but it'd be worth it	others
3884	Facebook exec says the social network would be 'dust' without	.	Funny thing is, for all it's issues this year, most will STILL continue to use it (weighing their options) Me for one, out of state grandkids and all...	others
3885	Apple watch	U wanna go half	Now why would I do that when I went whole on my own	others
3886	Fleur is out of order. Emily should have stood up to her. Chuffin Fleur show now	Yes! Also, I feel like the others should have had Emily's back too	I know! Haven’t they noticed she’s done all the chuffin trials?!	others
3887	The cultural difference that finally tears fruitline appart will be the fact that in mexico we dont refrigerate unopened milk	what the fuck richard.	dont tell me u also refrigerate it omgg, also It is literally illegal to call me a white dude name ur Under Arrest	others
3888	WANTED: An experienced campaign manager. Bakersfield CA23 area. American citizen contemplating taking on a corrupt political party and it's house leader who bows to a corrupt President. Serious inquiries only. Direct Message. Thanks.	Let me know if you need a photographer	Thanks Joe	others
3889	Mine is 21st DEC, i repeat 21st dec. thank ursel lucky	29th December troops quit ur moaning	But then ull be loaded from ur crimbo dolla	others
3890	This is Bob, last week Bob summoned enough courage to talk to the love of his life Anita. On his way, he met u, his heartless roommate, u killed Bob and he died single. Surprised u are still single?  Fam, u will remain single, Karma is coming from the animal kingdom!!	I'm sure I killed Anita today	Why so heartless	others
3891	Youtube id the type of organization that, when presented with the thought of video games, thinks of Fortnite and only Fortnite holy god its a fine game but its SO OVERRATED AND OVERMARKETED	It id a decent game but the community is kinda toxic in a way.	now t h i s i s e p i c	others
3892	Stages of my Latest Tattoo.	Just like the race!!	The race was easier	others
3893	How embarrassing. This is the story that he saw.	congrats!!	Hahahaha. Awwww thanks sooo muchhh	others
3894	No.	I read it in the b and w 'essebtual vertigo' reprints, which I love. Feels genuinely scary and sharp that way.	I love those blazing hot blotter acid colors, delirious and hung over from heat - total post-counterculture dirge.	others
3895	If Dak balls out Sunday vs the Eagles I’ll throw a brick through the kitchen window of the Grandmothers of the niggas that jumped him ...and I’ll do it on Christmas morning. That’s my mufuckin QB nigga	Lee	That’s my mufuckin dawg!	others
3896	Doors are open here at Valvano Arena at Reynolds Coliseum for	Can we get some social media love for UNCW games?	Hawk yeah!	others
3897	Me today..	Stress is eating me up alive, I literally don’t wanna be around anyone and I haven’t for weeks	Awww hunny this stress is sooo bad like only a few understand but you’re not alone nena we can get through this just couple more days	others
3898	vamos a hacer apuestas sobre quien va a ser el proximo ult de anna en the boyz	eric de una	AGREE	others
3899	imagine a 30 year old man taking a day of work to wait for a wipe on rust that is a yikes from me	What	imagine being a 30 year old man and taking the day off work just to play a rust wipe	others
3900	seems right	Shook! You don’t have Ariana on your top songs	same i thought god is a woman or ty next would be there	others
3901	Though Trump won Cheri Busto's seat in 2016 by .7%, it looks like Pritzker managed to sneak out a plurality win in IL-17 of 45.8-45.1% with conservative spoiler McCann taking 6.3%. Of course, Bustos got over 60% and continues to be one of the highest performing incumbents	Did Rauner win it in 14?	Rauner won it 52.1-42.7% in 2014	others
3902	why am i so goddamn ugly ughhh its unfair	lotte you are crazy !!!!!!! you are literally one of the most beautiful girls that i have ever met !!!!	<3 i don’t believe you but i love you sooo much and i miss you :(( i really hope we see each other soon	others
3903	You ever see someone that does something so off without shame? There is a guy at my work who constantly just eats whatever food is here without checking on whose it is. I can't believe someone lacks that much awareness or has that much apathy.	Make a poop sandwich and leave it in the fridge. He'll learn his lesson.	You're not wrong!	others
3904	me: *pretends to be shocked*	everyone i know so far has gotten scorpios for this....they really make the best music i’ll give them that	apparently music isn't their only expertise ;-)	others
3905	Hello	Hiya	I hope you're having a good day	others
3906	Yeah don't even think about talking to me until u get those plays up ok	damn how d'you manage to spin that	On god it's real	others
3907	In the event of your death, you don’t want a man using your womb for validation. Make sure you opt out.	Em I'm sorry I agree with having to opt out  When you die your body is nothing to you  If it can save lives then brilliant	Agree. Think we need to have an option to not donate wombs to men though. Have a very good friend on dialysis so definitely very keen on donors!	others
3908	Folks who have recently had their licenses renewed: how long did you have to wait for your new one to be ready?	Not long sis. It’s the same day	Thank you, sis x	others
3909	i feel like everyone remembers where they were and what they were doing when in my blood dropped	i was crying and u said it's what i deserved	it’s what you deserved	others
3910	Christmas baubles....Glass-blown spheres were hung in windows from around 17C across Uk ‘witch balls’. These were glass,layered inside with silver or filled with holy water,or to dry salt as was a talisman. To trap and neutralise witches or evil spirits.	I know how genies get in jars but how do witches get in glass balls? It sounds highly unlikely.	It’s magic....	others
3911	It’s all fun and games until you look up on December 5th & realize you have 11 PTO days to use	Chicago waiting on u g	I’m coming soon lil cuz	others
3912	Hold on a minute, I called you out on the 'Sheepshaggers' comment, which is stereotyping beyond belief. I never once said you were a racist. Also, I'm a Celtic fan.	Aww grow up, getting offended over the term sheepshagger hahahaha	You are an absolute simpleton, aren't you?	others
3913	Lmaooo I’m scared	Sthu it’s fire right now by 2019 it’s gonna be crazy	Please please stop lmao	others
3914	Coco's mad af at 0r0 he keeps going for those BIG BOOBY MONSTERS as she calls them (save for Dr.Kat of course) >:P nyeh! (also posting the AI-color ver) [based off of this H-doujin crop ] [] [	I'm in a mighty NEEEEEEEED right now	NO!!!!! YOU STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM MY GIRLS!!?!!!!!?	others
3915	No one gives a shit when you're depressed. Only time they care is when youre dead.	i’m here if you need me always	Ily, thank you. Im just being a sad girl.	others
3916	I thought I’d just have a cry or two and that’s me done but I think the breakup went harder than I thought bc I’ve been really ill since it happened and idk why my body is putting myself through shit when I didn’t ask for it	It will get better sweetie. Send you lots of love	Thank you m’dear	others
3917	so I had a dream the other night, (possibly a nightmare). Milwaukee Brewers are in game 7 of the World Series and our starting pitcher is J.M. Gold. How should I feel about this? What does it all mean?	If in your dream Matt Yeatman was closing out games for the team... seek help.	It didn't get that far sadly. However Kevin Barker was playing first base.	others
3918	Out with	Beautiful, You use an ENB,if so Which one ?	I use Visual V	others
3919	Fashionnova is really wts. SEND ME MY SHIT . and I see I’m clearly not the only one having issues	Every since they moved to that new warehouse they’ve been ducking people over. Don’t matter if you paid for 2 day shipping either lol	Exactly , that’s when all the bullshit started because I ain’t neveeeer had a problem like this in the past	others
3920	have i mentioned today that i love taehyung and yoongi? because i love taehyung and yoongi	and they love you	and i love you	others
3921	I'M DEAD NOW	HIS LIFE IS SO DAMN SAD	I'M CRYING HE DESERVES BETTER	others
3922	ouin j’ai 0 talent je suis en échec scolaire et en plus je suis archeum bref vous allez bien vous sinon ?	worry not dear frens the snp snp doudou is hre to snap al problem awey	such a cute crab	others
3923	sometimes i feel like my art is too expensive and then sometimes i feel like i’m underselling myself. it’s a constant struggle.	your work is something i’d expect to be sold for WAY more than what you’re selling it for now.	oh my god this is so nice thank u	others
3924	We put number 8 as Wenger ... It's the queen hahahahahahaha	Aha mr. Wenger...	Wenger. THE Wenger!	others
3925	HELLO I want to see more awesome art from the people on twitter and making some new friends!!! So share your art below and i'll retweet it!!! I'll also retweet your art and I'll follow back instantly!!!! I'd love to keep this sweet meme alive!!!!	Hi I do some art stuff mostly digital lately. Let’s be friends!	I'd love to be friends!!! Such a lovely style!!	others
3926	TONY BLAIR IS A FUCKING WAR CRIMINAL!!!!!!! Pardon the language & the shouting, but I'm sick of people making out that murdering bastard, is the answer to anything!!! Corbyn got 13 million votes last yr&he hasn't got blood dripping from his soul.	It's a parody account Sarah!	I've just realised The whitewashing of Blair enrages me, and i didn't check. Thanks for letting me know, it's appreciated	others
3927	Fuck all yo finals I hope y’all fail	thx	Nah goodluck lex !	others
3928	DAISHINKAN!	Add that to sword attacks in anime that make no sense. The Sword position is in the wrong place if he cut someone in two and how did he get behind her with no snow on his body??	Its anime man don't think too hard about it lol	others
3929	; — Are you open for a small commission? ^u^	Not atm, sorry!	S h a m e! Merry Christmas anyways!	others
3930	No one believes me that freckles are contagious so here I am showing them pictures of my close friends	Indigo has her first one!!	I’m missing it! I’m crying!	others
3931	Henceforth I shall be wishing my Jewish pals a Merry Candleberry.	Lol! Pretty sure it was you I said it to at an open mic or something. Anyway I hope your c-berry is merry. Or solemn and respectful. Whichever part were at ;)	Oh holy fuck, I think I might remember that!	others
3932	So I'm doing the positive challenge as well ^^  Got tagged by	An amazing artist and super nice to everyone you come across! I have a feeling if I ever met you in real life, you would give the best hugs! You even help me feel better before my other internet friends even notice which is amazing! Overall an amazing person!	*Big amazing hug* thank you so much Choko	others
3933	I can't believe i missed Ralph doing a rick roll in wreck it ralph 2 i hate you hannah	Me too	go to 2:10 on this video and think about what we could have seen in the cinema	others
3934	also let’s peep grayson here in the back, he looks so happy and cute i just want to protect him	i’m gonna cry	aren’t we all?	others
3935	The state of this reach round by Rentoull!?!?  Talk about living in the past? He's putting Blair on a pedestal whilst the majority of the nation only want him to speak from the dock in the Hague!?!?	Check spelling of Rentoul(l) and profile of the account.	I know it's Han!! Just a bit of fun	others
3936	Just ordered 1 more pair of Puma RS.  Kinda my fav model of the moment. These are on crazy sale over here :  Puma RS-X REINVENTION WHISPER IN WHITE, RED AND BLUE	Those are so clean!!! I need to snag a pair!	Clean AF	others
3937	jamie just snAPPED	i did what had to be done .	u did gods work !	others
3938	Not that he needs any more validation to be named as the greatest player to ever play IMO.  But if Lebron takes this Lakers team to the Finals. There should be absolutely zero doubt that he is the GOAT. ***ZERO***	MJ.	MJ ripped my heart out twice. He has never lost in the finals, has 6 rings he was the GOAT for almost 3 decades. Lebron coming back from 3-1 down against a team that won 73 games.  That was the turning point for me.	others
3939	How have I got to my age and not been inside	I only went in this year too! It’s so beautiful. Lovely pics.	Thanks Sarah, I can’t wait to sneak back on a quiet day and take some more pics	others
3940	Fuck Pete Shelley has died	Fuck, what? Noooooooo	I’m afraid so	others
3941	O boy, e don ripe o. Nah cold wake me today.	Yeah sem. But e never cold wella oh. I still had my bath with cold water this morning, comfortably	O boy, bath water nuh be the gauge for me sha. Cos nah cold water 90% of the time. But I get what you mean sha.	others
3942	Maybe a family can be like 5 people with guns telling you that if you don't go with them they'll kill you?	Thats a cult or a kidnapping	IT IS A F A M I L Y	others
3943	I’m out here chugging coffee like MY LIFE DEPENDS ON IT	At this point I really think it might tho	......... imma.... go hydrate... ily don’t worry	others
3944	Really sad. Great band, I saw them a few times. RIP.	That's so young. Cool you saw them perform.	Younger than my dad, which is slightly frightening.	others
3945	Got my first email about a site upgrading to WordPress 5.0. Wooohoo!!	Don’t do it if you’re reliant on ACF	Yea. I was getting emails from several clients from the WP Engine message. I'm holding off for most sites.	others
3946	I'm so happy that this book exists!! Women make all of our favorite games, and they're better for it!	Got it yesterday at my local library!It's pretty good so far!	I can't wait to get it!	others
3947	How do you make bank if you aren’t in STEM and you aren’t trying to do finance or consulting?  Asking for a friend.	Strip	If I don’t have a job in 2 years, you might find me on somebody’s pole	others
3948	Illinois Tollway and iPass are scammers. Period.	Facts. They got me fucked up tho.	Lmfaooooo. That’s the only way they have you g. The ONLY way.	others
3949	Y'all doing this for clout. How pathetic? y'all need to stop bullying/hating on people for a few likes and rts.	this tweet tanked stop promoting it	Like your account with that f*t ratio?	others
3950	Once again	I didn't know it was still on. Hopefully soon will go the way of	ABC only ordered 1 additional episode so they don't want to lose more money	others
3951	unfollowing spree reply with your twice bias if you care to keep the mutual	so hard to choose	i still struggle	others
3952	hello everyone! it's almost the month of december and my birthday i don't really like nor care about my birthday but i want someone else to feel happy that day so my first giveaway the rules are listed below and tysm btw for the 300 moots and i wuv you all	Where are you from?? I'm asking in charge of sf	philippines	others
3953	I enjoy watching Masterchef Australia season 10	Whot they cookin’? Kangaroo ?	I think they actually had that at some round	others
3954	It's over 9000!!!  (Beware the dark side of jele)	Oh my... that's... jele, no... I close everything and have to clear every notification lol	The new look of my discord	others
3955	selling and below 266.8	Think we see a red day tomorrow? I'm considering a buy on after-hours right now. Think this bounce was temp today.	Join the conversation at ! We'd love to have you.	others
3956	Meu quarto tá prontinho pra te receber bb	Onde tem essa luz? quero	Wish	others
3957	Lmaoooo remember when we watched this on MTV Jams	LMFAOOO we was there like	LMFAOOOOO I was so shocked	others
3958	- Monster volume today. I bought a small test position. Strongest software stock currently.	Under which conditions would you consider to make a BIG bet?	I never make BIG bets. If all my positions going in my direction and the market is healthy I increase my position size and add to my positions.	others
3959	Man this market volatility is just a money machine - what a squeeze , catching knife tutorial come out soon....	That would be great, these knives keep going straight through my foot	It’s an art and requires confidence , ability to go offside and laddering into the positions....	others
3960	i did it post now u rat!! i am so sorry if u had to see this, cleanse your eyes soon xxx —	YAY	choke on a dry cheerio man	others
3961	guys i can actually say that i’m meeting my girlfriend tomorrow	UGH PARENTS	UGH LOLA	others
3962	fuck yall are so fake, never gave attention to minsu and now you want to say that mbc doesnt even gave him a chance?????? please do not be hypocrite. i've never seen so many people talking about minsu before. and i search for his name everyday	guys,,, don’t try to fool the #1 minsu stan	i have eyes in everywhere	others
3963	Lovin this	Quality!! Eder...Carewwww! Highlight for me	Features a few Villans tbf, Big Zak Knight?!? For me it’s Akita, Zhirkov, Perrin, Weir! All day long. Hope yer well chief	others
3964	I need a counter that, counts each time I accidentally try to access tumblr...	Just hide the app and wait until it nukes itself and disappears or until they bring NSFW back.	I don't have an app. I try to access it on a browser.	others
3965	Fingers crossed my two job interviews go well today	Get em' Jo	I'll try my best ^_^	others
3966	in the near future?	Always a chance.	Do u think IYO that Chelsea's return would be linked to Adams?	others
3967	<3	imagine being this pretty wtf	i know yo cute ass can RELATE	others
3968	I wish someone cook for me for once	Man the beans and franks gonna do you right!!	Hell nah lmaooo	others
3969	Sheesh, you think you’re doing okay mental health-wise and then you realize that for the last 3 days you’ve gotten up at midday and eaten a fistful of junkfood for breakfast. So...	ehhh, kale and lettuce been making people sick so imma just stay suspicious of health food lol  (I have a similar problem, someone please help us)	Let’s lie facedown in a pile of non-tainted salad	others
3970	stole off em but PLS	63	get down on your knees and tell me you love me idk why it’s even on there i never listen to it but	others
3971	I really don’t want to see him play again	?	I don’t want him to get paralyzed	others
3972	"OK, I'm looking forward to this Gris game (which, geez, looks lovely), but what are we talkin' here? Is it all French-sounding and ""Gree"" or it is ""Grease"" or does it rhyme with ""kiss"" or what?"	"I'm assuming it's the French for grey, so yes, ""Gree""."	"Well, the publisher told me it's ""grease,"" so..."	others
3973	Any of my friends read Dick Francis (or his son) or Lee Childs? I need a book rec for someone who likes these kinds of books	I’ve read a lot of Francis (pere et fils). If your friend likes mysteries set in Britain I’d recommend Charles Todd, Catriona McPherson and Jacqueline Winspear.	Charles Todd and Winspear are favorites. I also like Deborah Crombie.	others
3974	omg who is that blonde girl there idk her	oh mY, blonde suits u very well	omg thank uuu I was hoping so :D	others
3975	My response when someone asks me about my experience on	Hell that was me in the story too!	Lol very true	others
3976	the way favorite is twice, we were STREAMING streaming dhddhjd	MAYBE SO... i think it's also because they had two different links to favorite BUT STILL... SHE'S /THAT/ GIRL	SHE IS!! FIRST OT12 SONG ITS BEEN AN HONOR	others
3977	I'm not sure I know what a Coachella look is and for this reason I'm staying home rather than going to embarrass myself	Just google boss, also no one is gonna chase you home for not looking Coachella-ey	You are right...	others
3978	The face you make when you realize graduation is tomorrow!!!	congratulations Soror	Thank youu	others
3979	Sis just got it like that.	@ me next time	Girl these are lyrics	others
3980	Uh-oh	"Good one, Michael. Now there will be ANOTHER true crime podcast....""Finding Desmond"". (FYI: If you don't participate you will look very guilty. Which you are.)"	Imo, I should be automatically absolved of any wrongdoing in every situation on account of all the good work I've done in the village over the years.	others
3981	I had a bunch of open orders and today a bunch of places put them on hold...  Typical December  But also  Weird	Budget cuts ....	Unfortunately	others
3982	BBC 2 now. Escape from Dubai: the mystery of the missing Princess. Interesting insight into the development of Dubai and the reality behind the 'modern Arabic' facade.	Balls I wanted to watch that, iPlayer it is for me! Is it any good so far?	It's sooo good. Best doc I've seen in months	others
3983	I got sec 115 for Shawn’s Toronto stadium show reply on what sec you got and if you’re going so I can make a groupchat	Congrats on getting tickets!!	Thank you	others
3984	look at this hair and this youth goodbye.	College man it’s toxic	i see no other explanation:(.	others
3985	me : *sends a dm* any : *doesnt respond in 0.2 seconds* me : : (	literally same :(	pls !! i need constant attention to breathe !	others
3986	R. Kelly Is Being Accused Of Sexually Abusing And Possibly Impregnating His 14-Year-Old Cousin	Literally threw the phone down. Had to get up and walk that off.	I’m sooo sorry.  I’m just sick of his ass.  Like 30 years later he’s still doing the same shit.	others
3987	These librarians are blind af, I'm eating a whole ass tupperware of pasta at the computer, she just waltzed by surveilling...and didn't even notice.	Bruhhh a whole ass meal, n she ain’t see ?!	Nope	others
3988	It's Thursday, so that means it's time for me to make these Gawd awful picks. If you've been tailing me, I'm sorry, and before you ask, NO, I will not repay you for the 2nd mortgage you had to take out on your house.	Get your pullout futon ready for me	Buddy, I had to sell that rickety old thing to pay my bookie	others
3989	Might be out of character, but I’m feeling kinda cute today	ANG CUTE MO WTH HUHUHUHU	Awwww thanks Patski <3	others
3990	Anybody else listen to here in Atlanta besides me? I love her fine ass	I like some of her music. at first I was like ehh but she’s definitely starting to grow on me	She says everything I say in my head but never aloud	others
3991	In local news, 6 Friendly's Restaurants have closed and I honestly had no idea there were still Friendly's Restaurants.	There aren’t any in Cincinnati which makes me sad because sometimes I want a very mediocre Jim Dandy.	I actually saw one today up in southern New Hampshire. Can't remember the last time I noticed one, though I probably drive by them all the time.	others
3992	Happy Birthday!! Hope the Waitrose delivery man had something special for you!	Yes!!!! Jumbles! Deelish!	Wow that’s a proper good result. Well done! Enjoy your birthday woofing and munching.	others
3993	duhhhhh.	Lmao bihhhhh	f a c t	others
3994	I loved this when I was a kid.	me too!	My 7th grade History teacher would play it for us.(circa 1979)	others
3995	Remembering showing them this photo at a practice the next day....	What was their reactions	"I showed Wade first. And he was like, ""holy bleep,"" and called LeBron over. I think we were in Salt Lake, but I'm not 100 percent sure."	others
3996	...a botox party? lmao when you have 2 brain cells jkdfjk WILD	IM WHEEZING ASMDKL;AMDL	WHAT A MESS	others
3997	Spotify just informed me that the first song I listened to this year was Semi-Charmed Life and I also spent 26 hours listening to Drake lol	Did I tell you about my jinji?	You told me about Sunset Rollercoaster	others
3998	The Sly Panther.	 You are not that sly, house cat.	“Yes I am~”	others
3999	every year youtube rewind just becomes trashier and trashier why the fuck did they open with a twitch streamer???	the last good rewind was in 2014 sjsjjsjsjsjs it’s been advertiser driven since then	LEGIT!!! 2014 was the best im glad we agree on this	others
4000	drinks bath water	Sorry mate I’m not	Nah he’s actually funny	others
4001	Not being able to hear from one ear is annoying AF	You ok Roxy?	Got a bad cold and have a ear infection. Can't really hear out of my right ear.	others
4002	not trying to be edgy or anything but trump is going to win in 2020 because the dems have 0 good candidates	Obamaneedsathirdterm	nice love that guy. love when he revolutionized how we kill people overseas, love that he passed on a supreme court nomination for no reason, love that he did jack shit even when he controlled the house & senate. Real good president miss him dearly	others
4003	How do you get your boyfriend to buy you nice presents	I will give him some tips haha	Please he's fucking useless	others
4004	This bra used to fit me perfectly a few months ago I’m somehow losing weight but gaining boob	Is that one of your J cup bras?	It’s one of my old G cups	others
4005	I have a bunch of ideas if a post them to you will you have a look at them. Then you can change them if you want and post the best ones	Yes of course! Do you want to message them to me?	If you follow me then I can privately message u	others
4006	jake and logan paul wasn’t even in youtube rewind this year and somehow youtube STILL managed to make it cringy. props to them for keeping it up	if this years was bad i dont want to think how bad next years will be	hopefully they don’t do one next year	others
4007	LOL Michael and Angela are apparently back together. I'm not sure how I feel about this	The guy is brave, there’s a goal	I know right! I'm just wondering if the goal is worth it At the same time, I'm happy for him LOL	others
4008	100% ZÉRO CETTE JOURNÉE DE MERDE, du début à la fin.	Hope tomorrow is better	I hope too	others
4009	Idk why people think Scorpion is trash, y’all are wlidin	Really? Lol	Yes bro, it may not be his best album but I think lyrically it was really good and also bruhhh sonically that shit is crazy. Like whoever mixed and mastered that album yo that shit slap bro. And it’s really great quality bruh	others
4010	*•.¸♡ 𝒮𝑒𝑒𝒾𝓃𝑔 𝓂𝓎𝓈𝑒𝓁𝒻 𝓈𝓉𝒶𝓃𝒹𝒾𝓃𝑔 𝒶𝓁𝑜𝓃𝑒 𝒾𝓃 𝓉𝒽𝑒 𝓂𝒾𝓇𝓇𝑜𝓇 𝐼𝓉’𝓈 𝓈𝓉𝓇𝒶𝓃𝑔𝑒 𝒶𝓃𝒹 𝐼’𝓂 𝒶𝒻𝓇𝒶𝒾𝒹, 𝐼 𝓃𝑒𝑒𝒹 𝓎𝑜𝓊 ♡¸.•*  [	Okaaaayy	I love you	others
4011	Who is St. Louis sports entertainer of the year?	My Top 5 Jeremy Wyatt. Gary Jay. Jake Parnell. Curt Stallion. ACH.	A solid top 5. Hard to argue with any of them.	others
4012	I'm ready get on	2k?	Yeah I was cleaning the baby bottles	others
4013	I want to make a game called Hatshot, where you have to shoot hats off of people's heads. If you hit their head, instead of their hat, you lose a point. James, while John hit hat, had hit head. Having hit hat had given John the upper hand.	i'll do the design stuff	I will probably drop the project at the first little inconvenience, but I'll keep you in mind :D	others
4014	ICONIC	LONG TIME NO SEEEE	Awwwww ikr I’ve been busy with life and getting old lol	others
4015	Does it show?	Just a little	He’s beautiful okay!	others
4016	HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS ALEESHA!! Welcome to the hellhole that is your 20s, I hope you have a fantastic day full of great things! Love you lots	MOIRA THE STICKERS DHFNF thank u omg ur an angel ilysm	HE LOOKS GREAT Ily too	others
4017	Are you hungry ? — we both know the answer.	I think the question here is when are you ever full	i don’t think there’s an answer to this question.	others
4018	Lmao what	All KD fans are Melo fans aka lebron haters. They jumped ship when he blew a 3-1 lead to curry	Y’all bronsexuals are sick in the head man	others
4019	Ocasio-Cortez Gets Dreaded Four Pinnochios From Washington Post	Just a thought...she's not steak, more like chipped beef.	She’s the new breed of the educated ignorant generation	others
4020	I am so proud of	THESE ARE THE CUTEST	AWWWWW TYSM!!!! X	others
4021	I just wanna move out and get a dog	Come share my uni room and we’ll get a dog	Sick of wednesbury	others
4022	okay Twitter, I want to know your unpopular or controversial Disney opinions	You’ve started me off now haha	I’m actually living	others
4023	Kristoff carried 'Dundaing' by himself......don't know why King Kaka is basking in all the glory	Song ni ya ...hao wengine ni features	That's not the point.	others
4024	I bought the season pass in - how am I supposed to feel now?	Should get Red Dead Redemption 2 - Stumblebum654	I have it ;)	others
4025	"Best White Sitcom from the 90's is Boy Meets World. I'm screaming Fuck ""Friends"" till my last breath"	I like friends tbh. But you ain’t even wrong about boy meets world. That’s 100% facts.	I just can't watch friends like its so boring to me but boy meets worlds a classic that I go back and rewatch	others
4026	My job is awesome	*drools*	ITS GONE. Lmao all for free. Amazing	others
4027	Yeah, dad.	and some folks (like me) are lucky because we have a sister too. :)	I also have	others
4028	WOW Denmark has come up with an ingenious idea to banish illegal/rejected asylum seekers to deserted Lindholm island. The proposal is for a $150 Million asylum detention center where criminals can be sent as many continue to commit crimes AFTER being sentenced for deportation.	Why destroy a good island? This plan would cost a lot of money at the tax payers expense, when it wasn’t their idea in the first place! Ship them back to where they came from!!!	the island has an animal research lab and crematorium. It's not like it's a tourist getaway	others
4029	1	2 by a mile	Bro this wasn’t me using my basketball knowledge  I went sheer Iverson fandom lol 2 is def the best	others
4030	tbh sometimes idek who my bias is like I should just stick to one but they are honestly that perfect that I struggle AHHH	Me too, i can't choose the right one omfg	I struggle just about everyday	others
4031	My mcm asked me what i want for Christmas  Me: I do know babe  Deep down I really want a wig from Alistlacehair  God give me strength to speak up	Loooooooooooooooooooool ffs	I really need to just shout it out but I’m a bit embarrassed to even ask for such ..	others
4032	My child is now nearly a week late. I can now honestly say I understand the pain I put my friends through when I am late for EVERYTHING... I feel this may be slight karma	definitely	I am sorry, from the bottom of my heart	others
4033	The More Money They Have , The More Problems , The More Bitches ... I'll Tell A Blue Check Nigga Fuxk You Quick	Your view of thinking is all fucked up. You need to go back in the porch and start over	No Its Not ... I Don't Just Care For All That Like Some Females Do Dummy!	others
4034	Hey, since Day 1. I just looked. I wasn't following him. Now I am. Again.	unfollow bug I often discover that twitter has unfollowed people against my wishes	I don't think it's ever happened to me before. I'd better check the rest of my old pals.	others
4035	Damn	what an angle	What a smile I'll take things that'll never happen for $200 please	others
4036	I wont cos he doesnt matter anymore	Kanti what happened between him and Cass?	Not too sure but clearly things are not the same	others
4037	IM SO FUCKING HAPPY CANT NOTHING OR NO ONE KNOCK ME DOWN	I love you	I love you	others
4038	Fire in a nuclear powerplant in Lingen, Germany. Fear of health problems for the people living around the powerplant	That is not true! It wasn't the powerplant it was a factory close by. They make nuclear fuel. The fire has been extinguished! No one was harmed. No trace of radioactive fallout	OK thanks for the update	others
4039	Thanks for ruining my day	I think it’s fake Chief	Idk about that	others
4040	hope the black cabbie today on Ranelagh St about 2.30pm is proud of himself for scamming £10 out of my student daughter. She’d had a bad day at uni and mistakenly gave the driver £30 for a £15 fare to Huyton. He gave her change of the £20	Did she get his plate number she can complain to ?	Thanks for replying but she was in tears and too upset to get his plate. Just thought another cabbie may have been on the same rank and know the guy, white and in his 50’s my daughter said.	others
4041	Ever just think of something that get you so fuming over and over again. Lol tears of anger	Ft	In a bit x	others
4042	Am I the only person who doesn't like/appreciate Christmas movies?	How are we even friends?	Think of it like how we don't have the same taste in men	others
4043	Someone literally came into to Wendy’s today, shit on the floor in the girls bathroom, walked in it and left... Wtf is wrong with people today?	This reminded me of the time that woman walked out into the dining room with her pants down and Laurie posted the video on Facebook	Hahahaha yessss!!! she’s ruthless	others
4044	How helpful is CBD oil for sleep vs getting high?	I, personally, have never gotten sleepy from cbd, usually just relaxes me and makes my joints not hurt, but if you are relaxed enough, I don’t see why you can’t fall asleep?	That’s what I was wondering. If I smoke I knock out but I don’t wanna be high that often.	others
4045	@ me already bb	turin doesn’t even follow me big snake	Yeah fuck u beast Kap	others
4046	im buying into hype for ultimate. this is the first time this has happened since BRINK. ew	At the worst it'll be a good casual game	that is exactly what i need it to be tbh	others
4047	How about Mozambique instead	They don't drink umbongo in Mozambique though	Desperately trying to rescue this poor damsel in distress from all the hideous white men who happen to live in a white majority country	others
4048	Wowwwwwwww	Emundi andulo	1st time seeing young prabhas father garu	others
4049	As a real answer: Giving each show its own feed would make things overly complicated when it comes to uploads and posting them to social media. Also, a larger listening # on ONE main feed gets more eyes to all the podcasts imo.	Lets hear what the people think. Of course not every show would get its own feed. Nerdy Chicano and Live Show stay on nerd corps feed.	I’ll hold my tongue...for the time being.	others
4050	Here are the official photos from the The 16th British Composer Awards by BASCA! Photography by Mark Allan <3 — feeling excited	did you meet ? he did an amazing collaboration with my favourite band!	I don’t think we did! It was so busy after. Hopefully sometime soon :)	others
4051	"Hey guys, I've been chasing as a sponsor for ""The Dilley Show"" for a few weeks now. Amazing showroom and y'all know I'm a car guy. Help me out and Retweet, Comment to let them know we want them as a sponsor! Their showroom has a GIANT American Flag."	They are 10 min from my office.... Do I need to pull a Loomer at their front door?	Yes. Yes you do	others
4052	Do you Send Thank You Cards? Don't let the art of courtesy and manners fade away ... Check out my art designs, I would love to know your favorite!	All are beautiful designs-it would be hard to choose just one!	I think that is one of the reasons I paint ... so many heavenly lovelies fly about in my heart and soul ... I have to get them on canvas to make more room XO Thank you dear Kathleen for looking at them, means a lot to me !	others
4053	Considering a @ change.	Iconic but you could make another one like lcfcHarry iconic in no time anyway	lcfcjack I want Cuz that’s my actual name	others
4054	Everybody’s happy nowadays was one of the first singles I owned. So long Pete	Rat Trap	When buying records fucking meant the world matey	others
4055	2real4me	Vroom vroom	music to my ears	others
4056	Getting in bed after a long night shift>>	Where you working?	Sasol In Westlake	others
4057	There's never enough tables or power outlets. Personally, I adore those tables that have built in outlets on top.	There needs to be more power everywhere! (Airports, hotel meeting rooms, etc)	LOL here you go, here's how many power outlets there should always be in ALL THE PLACES.	others
4058	Also, if you haven't heard this you should def check it out.	aaaaa thanks for showing me this, i love it.	Anytime! There's another one I've been hooked on. Just gonna link it for whenever!	others
4059	mind your business	I’ve never been dragged so hard now my depression gonna let me have it lmaoooo pero ahi ando	i smoke when i’m depressed, i smoke when i’m happy that i’m not depressed. it’s a vicious cycle.	others
4060	okay Twitter, I want to know your unpopular or controversial Disney opinions	•Snow White is an underrated and over hated princess. •The Lion King ain’t all *that* •Tangles i WAY better than Frozen •People act as is WDW is Mecca for Disney fans, but in reality it’s overrated. •The Three Caballeros are the most underused characters in park.	all of this	others
4061	EXCLUSIVE: Pablo Schreiber, Eric Bana Eyed to Lead Netflix’s “JUPITER’S LEGACY” Series	"What's a ""Netflix?"""	It's an ancient streaming service...kind of like Disney+.	others
4062	Try to come up with something funnier to say before a fight than “hold my scarf”	This looks like fake news. No way would fight a man.	He was probably yelling “don’t hold me back bro” at a guy who was in no way holding him back	others
4063	I still don’t understand how my edits get like 150/200+ likes, people really give me way too much appreciation than what I deserve.	You deserve it allll and more x	I really don’t but thank youu	others
4064	did you watch the good doctor this week???	YES	I need the next episode	others
4065	Steak Standwich From Palm	Bring me some I’m starving on lunch	Mannn I’m home in Bed Love I’ll definitely miss your lunch	others
4066	Let him pet!  “I wanna pet that cutie!”	“aww go ahead!!”	Squeals!  He kneels down, petting the small dog a few times, smiling brightly.  “He's so cute!”	others
4067	It's funner on the south side	“Trust me it looks it.”	What's you're name Doll i feel like i saw you before but i just can't put where i did	others
4068	I can't listen to Good Years yet, maybe in a couple of weeks when I'm out of work for break and don't have to be mentally stable all day everyday	Give yourself props! I couldn't be stable everyday if I tried, & I'm on meds.	Thank you! I try my best for the kids	others
4069	Seeking shelter from the rare SoCal rain in 에서	I'm still proud of its holiday overlay!	I had never seen the holiday decorations, but they were how I like them. Subtle yet effective	others
4070	Priyanka and Nicks wedding is probably one if the most beautiful weddings i have ever seen	Her vail was a little much like really is that necessary?? Lol	noooooo it looked amazing, i would be that extra and maybe more ;) haha	others
4071	How to Create a Scandinavian Art Poster Design in Photoshop +	We hope you'll love following along to this one Pablo!	Really nice freebie & tutorial, kids!	others
4072	Actually, I do not work for the team. They don't pay me a cent. I work for a newsgroup who COVERS the team. Pretty big difference.	The amount of people who don’t understand what reporters actually do and who they get paid by is either an indictment on how stupid Americans are or how bad our education system is, or both	Not wrong. I think it's even worse when it comes to news reporters.	others
4073	Who trying to buy me the battle pass Lmao	I got lucky and had someone give it to me	Lucky I'd buy it but I have car problems I gotta get fixed first sucks being an adult ;(	others
4074	"I don't need to ask. They're always ""honey"""	This is what y’all always think after refusing to satisfy your man.. lol.smh	What are you saying in essence? That I'm wrong?	others
4075	uh . its my bday today	HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!	tHANK YOU <5555555	others
4076	Building was surrounded.. we all know served.. Who's your Commander-in-Cheif now??	HE IS STILL YOUR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP	Good you caught on to my message	others
4077	"Boise State is often considered the poster child for how should schedule. ""Play Anyone Anywhere"" they say. Consider this: Since Boise State joined FBS (2001), they have played 24 Power Five teams OOC. UCF? 38. Away from home? 16 for BSU, 26 for UCF."	I thought that was the motto or something from a coach/whoever at Fresno St. ? Or did they both do that?	I think Fresno State's coach did say that but recently the talking heads have been throwing out Boise State when talking about UCF's schedule. I'll have to look into Fresno State later.	others
4078	Seeing top album of the year lists that don’t have Vince Staples’ in the top 10	I usually agree with you but this is a trash take	That’s crazy!! I didn’t know no one liked this album but me til right now	others
4079	made my girl a playlist because she’s going through it and it’s what she deserves	you already know i'm gonna listen to it everyday. ily ciara, my soulmate	i love you even more, my person	others
4080	pantera negra é melhor que a star is born boa noite	um reizinho sensato	obrigado best i love you	others
4081	Nyumbani restaurant got nice grilled Nile perch. Before & after pictures..	Chief u need to show me this place	I will chief... Very well roasted!  Drinks are there as well.	others
4082	my best friend is amazing she’s always there for me, never fails on drawing a smile on my face,always tries her best to make me the happiest.makes me feel as if i am the most amazing and beautiful girl on this planet earth,i don’t know what will i ever do without her ily	That’s only because u are a true blessing 7beebi :(( that just made my day I love u so much	hehe u deserve so much more :(	others
4083	make x make?	did yours can you do mine?	done! thank you	others
4084	I wanna go back to school but with life being so short getting a degree seems like a waste of time sometimes	go get that! that’s what we need more of more brews wit degrees.	That's exactly what I had in mind bro	others
4085	people are mad about forest being only 1 weekend as if it wasn’t 1 weekend two years ago	I’m hollering lmaooo. They’re probably the same people saying Forest only split into two weekends for the money	lmaoooo well they definitely did do that for money but like they’re gonna make bank either way	others
4086	Resourcing team - come selfie ready for tomorrow. Concierge have set the bar for the tribe!	Can I substitute?	As fab as TJ looks in this pic......NO!!!	others
4087	whats goood young blood i dont be on the game anymore but a nigga out here in waco	shiiittt was thinking about you bro! hope all is well my ass on ps4 now smacking kids in LA	yeah g everythings good and thats Lit, i might play the game again at some poing again	others
4088	Dang, I'm one year older now.	Happy birthday squid, 2 days late tho :^)	It's all good tho, thanks man	others
4089	for anyone who needs some new anime to watch, here's my list.	I want to say that's not a lot but I'm afraid I might sound insane XD	nooo that’s not a lot at all compared to most I still have so much to watch.	others
4090	Thank you lol that’s a long fucking time	This so much time	can u believe 17 is on my top 5 songs heartbreak months	others
4091	I just wanna move out and get a dog	Come share my uni room and we’ll get a dog	Can I	others
4092	TIS THE EFFING SEASON!!! IM GONNA DEMOLISH IT	Ffuuuuuuccckkk, I want some.	I HAVE TO SHARE IT WITH THE WORK OFFICE AND ITS AWFUL	others
4093	Everyone thinks their list is it, a never ending debate	Lmao but the original one is not it	People are making trash lists also	others
4094	Nice	Fall Out Boy? INTELLECTUAL.	I had them on repeat for like three months straight what a great time	others
4095	i wish i could always protect jimin and have his precious laughter inside a small bottle. i’d hear it whenever i need to so i would feel always better, i owe him everything, i really do, i don’t know what i’d be without him :(	sksks paula ur so cute	aw i love you kwe	others
4096	WAIT THERES A FUCKING TRACER FUNKO POP??? FUCKKK I HAVE TO BUY THIS BUT IT COMES WITH UGLY ASS MEI TOO LIKE I JUST WANT TRACER.	Burn the Mei one	if i buy it then i will and record	others
4097	So, I am almost pathologically twitter-phobic, so I'll likely be lurking and not doing a whole lot of my own posting, tweeting, twittering, whatthefuckever. This is like a staging area, yeah? And we're all going somewhere else next? Right? Please say yes.	Logging onto Twitter feels like opening a really chaotic filing drawer full of paperwork I dont want to read	mood (thx to for the inspo)	others
4098	This is what sending a Christmas card is about......my son got it from his class mate today...	Class this mate I hope Toby is doing well	He’s doing great thankyou...	others
4099	This gif just spiked my blood pressure	He’ll learn bro.	Wanted a 50 banger on them lol	others
4100	Hey! So Comicsgate have been dumping crap in response to this pinned tweet on my profile, probably because Dickie went and made two new videos about me. Hard to say because half the crap they’re saying I can barely make sense of.	Fuck 'em.	It's just fucking tiresome, ya know. I'm trying to make comics, to make a business, and stand up for my own morals and beliefs, and these fuckers have to come at me each and every damn time.	others
4101	Two is better than one yo	ur fucking hot	Thanks b	others
4102	Do you think there's any chance OSU would give Meyer a recruiting/mentoring role? Could he have a role similar to Pantoni?	Well, definitely not a role like Pantoni, but if he wants to be involved in the administration and football offices I don’t think anyone is going to tell him no.	Makes sense. Thanks!	others
4103	Guys this is what this beautiful lady really wants a Christmas is to get rid of this mole now there are 66 thousand of Us following this young lady I'm sure it's not much to ask as to chuck in a quid a piece and give her a Christmas wish go on guys she gives us a lot of pleasure	Ty babe xxx	Re tweet hun to reach all your followers x	others
4104	Watching these 20-23 year olds on Say Yes to the Dress just like how...	On the Atlanta one I don’t think I’ve seen a bride over the age of 30.	And most of them pay for the dress themselves like!?	others
4105	I renewed my travel insurance and only bought it for Europe, my early New Years Resolution is to only visit places I’ve never been before....so no NY for me in 2019	But what if I'm in a Broadway show?	Ahh shit sorry can’t watch you! Also will miss the tonys when your nominated	others
4106	Share with me some of your accomplishments this month? I want to hear from all of you, not just those who are tagged.	I'm beginning to believe I'm worthy of healing & recovery. I've always felt others were worthy of good things, happiness, recovery & healing, yet never felt I was worthy. Recovering from trauma & erasing those old tapes are exhausting at times, however I will continue to fight.	I love that Natasha! Thank you for sharing	others
4107	hey man, you up for watching a five minute anime clip? i just stumbled across an old favourite scene of mine, and i'd love to hear what you think if you've got a second	Got a meeting in a mo but go ahead and link it and i'll take a look when I can :)	sweet! there's no subtitles, so you'll have to figure out what's going on from context, but it'll be pretty self-evident. (if it helps, there's one specific scene from Star Trek III that it might remind you of...) hope the (sojourn?) meeting goes well!	others
4108	someone slap some sense into my taste in people	Rude	WHATEVER U KNOW I LOVE U	others
4109	Follow, followback, retweet.	Followed all and RT'd. Please follow back, ya'll!! Let's MAGA!!	I will keep doing Trump Trains as long as there is interest in them. Anyone who wants a seat send me a direct message.	others
4110	My bed for the P.M pic	LMFAOOO	Don’t come on twitter with that facebook energy	others
4111	Told y’all I was sad this year holy cow	If the second song is “The Theme Song from ‘The Simpsons,’” I might just shit my pants	How did you know??I tried to block it as much as possible	others
4112	RIP Pete Shelley. To write one of the greatest pop songs ever is impressive. To write somewhere in the region of 25 in the space of 3 years is plum greedy.	Strong/leftfield song choice. One of my faves.	Sometimes it's just an objective fact that a band's longest song is their best one. Also draws the curtain pretty spectacularly on Buzzcocks mk1.	others
4113	Delighted to be taking up new position as Head of Department of Design + Visual Arts from tomorrow for one year at Dun Laoghaire Institute of Art, Design + Tecnology +screen	A massive congratulations from all your art students Tina!	Thanks so much. I'll miss you all, but I won't be very far away ...	others
4114	Dear Dorina, you're fucking weird. Love Spotify.	A+	I only ever got As in music	others
4115	I didn't mean to feel even more depressed than this morning, but somehow I do.	*hugs you* is there anything that I can do for you?  ps. I will send you the christmas card tomorrow or at the weekend.	"No, don't worry dear! Tbh I don't even know myself what could cheer me up lol I think I'll just go to bed soon^^ and thank you! I'll send it later as usual^^"" but I hope I won't be too late this year^^"""	others
4116	Who will win the War on Christmas?	I'm gonna go with Santa, he's already got a great track record conquering the martians	I'm rooting for Krampus.	others
4117	How to love	Turn the music up	Lol I’ll do exactly that!!!	others
4118	I feel like it’s the right time to tweet this one, I did it in 15 minutes while I was crying in the dark Enjoy!	Aw Rose	You like it love?	others
4119	Evil lol	false	True	others
4120	The centrist cult of Blair baffles me every time I encounter it.	That a parody account right?	Yeah, one of Han Dodges'. I should have taken a look at the bio before responding...	others
4121	A customer wanted to take me to lunch. I said “no, but you can buy me lunch” ....he slid me this	Where we going?	I took my supervisor to chili’s	others
4122	w a champurado pls	Yes come over I don’t work today	Okay I will I just have to go to school rn again I have an appt at 2:20	others
4123	bro you on x box come catch this L	You dont want no smoke	long as you don’t hit me with that 9 bang I’m good dog!	others
4124	THIS IS MAKING ME LOSE MY FUCKIFNS MIND OH MY GOD SSHJDJFJDKG	I LITERALLY CSNKOT BREATHE HDJD	ITS SOFUNNY I WANNS KNOW WHO IT IS SO BAD SJKFDL FJGKL	others
4125	Big big changes the the promotion process for cop to sgt are being proposed which sound, in the main, positive focussing on real assessment of individuals in operational environment. Still some unanswered questions but watch this space	Operational? Response policing?	It has been described to as “operational” ..... better details will come out soon hopefully	others
4126	They should have let Emily do the trial. Feel like Fleur has done loads	On the plus side there will be less screaming	Hahah you do have a point	others
4127	"Gün gələcək, 134340, Paradise və Love Maze ""hər kəs x-i bilir amma..."" siyahılarınızda olacaq. Bunların dəyərini bilmədiniz çoxunuz. O gün gələndə görüşərik."	Dəyəri bilinməyən çox şey var hələ amma yavaş-yavaş hamısı lazımı dəyəri qazanacaq	i hope so, girl	others
4128	Popped down to Frensham Great Pond to see if the GND was still around. Glad to say it is (at 12:00) and it even crossed the pond to let me get a digiscoped pic.	Excellent photograph.	Cheers John, really poor light and the rain had just stopped but nice to see.	others
4129	you know that one type of friend who is ALWAYS there for you? like they never sleep? they just text you in the best moment possible??? that's enfys	sTOP I LOVE U SO MUCH OHMYGOD	SHUT UP I WILL NOT STOP	others
4130	Yo	Deleted	Those who have seen it have seen it	others
4131	Do you know if this article is real or not!?	The video isn’t an article it’s from an app called tv time that records tv shows and the episode etc	But I'm saying is this real or fake because I'm not trying to be a downer or anything because of days people need to be careful with what's real news and fake news. Just be careful.	others
4132	Currently on Round 35 on WAW Zombies send help thanks	Bruhhhhhhh. I can’t top 25 on BO4 endgame is sooooo early now	I got to 42 on classified	others
4133	Hi, can you please tag the person you're subtweeting? I'm nosy.	I’ll never tell!	I want to know.	others
4134	Can we just talk about how delivers again. They are the model game company. They even do their micro transactions correctly	I think you love Rockstar game devs more than you love me	It’s close	others
4135	sorry we didn’t get a chance to chat yesterday.	Would have loved the chance to chat to you! Hopefully there will be another time.	Fingers crossed	others
4136	Dining room before and after. My style is apparently mid-century modern rustic cabin.	The chandelier/light is really great!	One of the many great things about this house is all the lighting and fans. I hate floor lamps and would not have enjoyed installing ceiling lights, but every single room has them already! That one is the most ornate—made with real seashells.	others
4137	No surprises here.	I spent more time listening to Spotify than I spent living in the month of February.	Oh wow. And I thought my numbers were high.	others
4138	Just ordered a cake for my birthday even though I don’t plan on doing anything	Why aren't you doing anything?!	I’m too old lol	others
4139	my worst fear is accidentally pushing the power button on my car when i’m going 85 on the highway	You must drive a PS4?	lmfboooooooo man u know what i’m talking bout	others
4140	Y’all gays only like thick guys when they’re white huh?	you're qwhite right here	Gurl I’m so over gays saying they want a thick man....they’re SELECTIVE w the thick men they like....bc I got called ugly and fat lmfaoooooo their true colors are starting to showwww	others
4141	Customers be having me fucked ALLL the way up thinking they gon disrespect me and I’m not gonna disrespect them right back. Fuck out of here lil whore	Lmao love that	almost took my work shirt off lmao had me hot	others
4142	just need one more member!! It's only $5 to join!	Hey I'll get in on this	okay cool!!! I just need ur Nintendo Account email and I'll add u	others
4143	Bro I can’t respect you for your top 3 artist... it’s a sad day	Those are for real top three J. Cole should be my number one though	Those 3 artist explain exactly who you are lmao	others
4144	I filed a case in Federal court this morning against a hospital for denying care to a patient based on his HIV status whose staff then publicly outed his status when he complained.	Interesting. What are your causes of action?	ADA, Rehab Act, Public Disclosure of Private Facts, Negligence (from duty imposed by 8 separate state and Fed statutes), IIED	others
4145	Ooh looks like Saturday will have Sorry to Bother You AND Into the Spider-Verse. That’s gonna be real good watching.	This Saturday?	Oh yes. The Vue near me is having a Spider-Verse preview day on Saturday.	others
4146	two years ago today, these two boys forever changed my life. Matthew and Paul, I couldn’t be more thankful for yall’s loving hearts and willingness to always pick me up when I’m down. You two will never understand what you mean to me. happy two years with your forever family.	famillyyyyy	I love you so much	others
4147	Announcement! I'll be a regular contributor to the	Ahhh that’s so cool, Lia!! I can’t wait to see more of your art	Ahh thank you! I'm so excited!	others
4148	Alfredo Morelos will either win us or cause us the league, but either way, we need another striker to challenge him and a number 10.	What if a team come in with a bid for him in Jan? Do we sell or keep?	If we had a proven replacement already in the team & if we got offered £10-£15m then yes, but until we find that person then it’s a no. Like him or not, we do need him, so hopefully he wises up before everyone starts turning on him.	others
4149	"Why did this have to happen? I guess now we're never going to get that soap opera called ""Never Let Migo"""	Heard it was a scam for his new album..	I called that... Guess we will see	others
4150	We could all use a vacation. We’re giving away one trip a day, and each time you use your Mastercard on now through 12/31, you could win a trip for 2. *No Purch Nec. US res 18+. Non-Expedia transactions also qualify. Ends 12/31.	Very nice! Congratulations to Kate and Craig!	Thanks, . We may have a Priceless Surprise for you. Please send us a Direct Message in the next 24 hours to find out more!	others
4151	I see something easy, but with this rivalry it’s never easy	Anything can happen in the NFC East	But we know how the story ends in it this year just like y’all knew last year	others
4152	YOU'RE CRYING	I have a few questions.....	Well, yes. That's completely unethical to take a child away, especially because she was technically an adult, bit it was 70 years ago...	others
4153	FAKE “ANIME FANS”  -Hunter x Hunter  -Hunter x Hunter  -Hunter x Hunter  -Hunter x Hunter REAL ANIME FANS  Hunter x Hunter	hxh belongs in the trash	I'm trash too, I don't see the problem	others
4154	One hour left on Ninnis birthday so im still tweeting this	UR THE SWEETEST EVER I LOEV U <333	I LOVE YOU EVEN MORE	others
4155	You're not the sharpest tool in the box are you? Take your abuse elsewhere.	You call that abuse run along snowflake	That's racist	others
4156	I DID	"ur bio really should just be ""minhos thighs enthusiast"""	Omg you’re right brb	others
4157	Saying “I really dig this, it’s got kind of a 90s vibe to it” about literally everything I encounter including music, fashion, movies, food, and people	really dig this tweet, it’s got kind of a 90s vibe to it	Thanks! Ha	others
4158	I need someone to come with me to run some errands.	It’s too cold outside to be running.	I need my brakes fixed and then I need to go to the mall.	others
4159	Guess who was away to	Jeeeezo, he's your double.	My wee buddy	others
4160	I park in South Hobart and savour the walk	Yeah that’s probably about right	It's a big radius! Marieville also open :)	others
4161	This pisses me off	I know how you feel. Panini has done the same to me. Been waiting on a Jason Witten redemption from 2017 Select for 9 months, but he has his auto on 2018 product already. Makes no sense.	What pisses me off even more is when the exact card I’m waiting on is on eBay and in circulation. But mine was magically “damaged”.	others
4162	I officially today became the “work wife” of vote morning on the show! Mug?  Or clever manoeuvring MYSELF out of the gig meaning the 4.52am train?  You decide....	What time? And I thought you were doing me a favour! Deals off. No Prosecco for you	You promised ALCOHOL! Cheat!	others
4163	what console	ps4!!	I got a ps4 but not black ops on it	others
4164	Got this game today and it's actually really fun (KovaaK's FPS Aim Trainer) (The song isn't edited in, I was listening to music while playing btw btw btw btw)	how did you configure your sens?	these 2 links is how I set it up, I also changed res to the same as in fortnite etc	others
4165	Doing this while I watch some Anastasia	One of the best black canary fans out there !	Thanks! Means a lot to me	others
4166	Crazy Ohio State Stat of the day: Ryan Day was named Ohio States 25th Head Coach in History. BUTTTTTTTTTTT Hes only the 6th, yes the 6th Head coach since 1951!!!!!!	So we aren't counting Luke Fickell's year?	maybe he did get it. But he doesnt count lol	others
4167	Needed an excuse to leave my house so im going to wash clothes 3 cities over	Lmao biihhhh you always do that	Its cus u and jar r cuffed up and I have no one to bug	others
4168	Sorry Lesley but I have to agree with Ann o to this one.	This subject is uneasy to discuss.......but I think I agree with you.	It shouldn't be hard to discuss. Lesley contradicted herself. First she said they sounded the same & then she said they sounded equally good & were equally skilled. I agree with her second point but the first is just not true.	others
4169	One of the interesting comments in my mentions today.	You got some serious push back on that tweet, blimey.	The most interesting were those who said I shouldn't be offended (I didn't say it was) and it's not racist (I didn't say it was). Quite a bit of projection.	others
4170	Every time I have to use a confusion matrix (about once a year), I always end up spending 30 minutes trying to make sure that I have it all right in my head. Am I the only one?!	Scikit-learn's metrics package will compute confusion matrices for you	"It isn't so much the calculation. It's remembering that (1) the rare class is ""positive"", (2) Positive/Negative is referring to the prediction outcome, and (3) True/False is referring to the ""correctness"" of the prediction as it relates to reality but is not reality itself"	others
4171	Wtf is this	I’m disappointed in our country ngl	Issa shambles mate	others
4172	People with “hard” names: do you use a more common name as an alias when you order coffee/make reservations, etc? E.g. my Starbucks name is “Ally”	I spell out my name every single time but occasionally baristas get it from my necklace before I get a chance to... if it was any longer than 5 letters I might reconsider tho	I feel that, sometimes I really try but honestly it depends on how much patience I have that day	others
4173	this guy had no where to sit so he asked to sit by me and me, being the kind civilian I am I said yes. Now he's offering me food, did we just become best friends ?	“Civilian” okay you fucking scholar	"Whittier ""scholar"" cmon now"	others
4174	I get what the was trying to do with the new salary cap on Administration/Coaching, but its a bad, bad idea. Every time something new comes out, I believe that more and more....	I understand it counts trainer/ medical team	Nope - training staff/doctors do NOT count against the cap	others
4175	The bookshelves. They're done. The Wall.	It looks great! Books do furnish a house.	And insulate it too. It's all good.	others
4176	I’m getting ready for tomorrow!	your gift for him is so cute! he's gonna appreciate it so much <3	I’ve bought is so mamy things, I hope he will like them :(	others
4177	wait i had to get out missy mentions but he BIG DROVE! What they said ?	He not he laid back reclining	Definitely was , we was on FT mad cause they can’t join if something pop off	others
4178	Let’s pretend that it’s not freezing...	YOU LOOK SO GOOD AKDNSJKE	I love you!	others
4179	Looking at getting a movable paint surface for my computer desk so I can do some chill and paint streams	That'd be neat.	Yeah I think I might be able to actually build something reasonably simple so I can still use my keyboard and mouse. I have ideas.	others
4180	2 things that I'm growing really tired of: 1. Kevin King/TJ Watt 2) Bring (outdated/antiquated name) to replace McCarthy. I may need to start warming up the mute button. . or worse	I’d like to nominate Brian Billick to be the next packer HC!	You wouldn't like it	others
4181	I sort of live this life lol a girl I sorta dated now lives with me and my girl lmfao	That’s the most lesbian thing I have ever heard. Us straights would never.  (I claim to be straight only when it’s convenient)	Yeah it's had its interesting moments lol	others
4182	Please DM either your full postal address or account number so that I can look at getting this sorted? Thanks Andrea	Were you meant to reply to my dm? This tweet isn’t for you	I've sent a DM Thanks Andrea	others
4183	N faço ideia o q vou fazer este fds	Mi casa es tu casa	Let's go	others
4184	When you feel out of your depth, remind yourself that the edge of the comfort zone is where powerful teacher development happens	The pit!	The very same! I’ll never forget your glares of hatred when I unveiled the concept	others
4185	I love my girlfriend	luv u moreeee <3	Who said I was on about you	others
4186	When will that Traitor bring her snake like tongue back into the Brexit debate i wonder?	She’s just had a baby ffs you mugs	I didn't realise having a baby ment you became unable to do anything I'll need to let my wife know she's been doing it wrong all this time, I'll tell her that while she was on maternity leave she was supposed to isolate herself from social media and never leave the house	others
4187	Looking for a name for a “Come Dine With Me” styled show with university students.	More than Noodles	That’s a little too obvious.	others
4188	I’ve got blocked sinuses so, always trying to avoid extra meds, I just squirted saline solution up my nose which is about as much fun as it sounds.	Oh vile.. that always makes me hurl.. do you have any olbas oil type stuff??	Yeah I’ve got some tea tree. Trouble is the spray really works and it’s totally natural so I’ll have to keep at it.	others
4189	anyone else blocked by ???	SOYOEPD	LMAOO SHE INKY HAS YOUR MYTUAKS BLOCKED I CANT BRAGAHE	others
4190	if You are going to stream the game awards i can’t come to the stream sadly because i Will be asleep	I'm just hosting their stream on my channel and hanging out in chat	Oh okay i would like to join but Then again i Will be asleep so take care and the family	others
4191	Just left da barbershop...now you really can’t tell me shit	Duggi flow	Buggaz back	others
4192	Overheard this guy in the bathroom say he went into the stall and not the urinal next to his friend because he didn’t wanna stand next to him while he peed..............	Well, he was afraid he'd stare too hard at his friends perfect cock, duh	That’s the only thing I could think of	others
4193	People are playing smash bros? I guess it dropped in like Australia or something and digital downloads exist	It’s the 7th here but I’m too busy	Good point - is no one doing job work today?? Cuz smash bro??	others
4194	People making Instagram pages for their kids, actually want there heads seeing to. Asif the world isn’t bad enough already with social media, don’t think your kids at a few month old are remotely bothered about how they look. Absolutely criminal and so sad. Fucking pathetic	Hahahahah u on the blob matey x	Hahahahaha felt like telling a few home truths kid x	others
4195	Well done today to AJH nice winner Poppy May tipped up at 16/1. I told all my followers two weeks ago. Give this guy a go. I was on at 12s	haven't you select Pindaric for this one?	I did that was just my fancies for each race.	others
4196	busted someone’s lip (accidentally) and broke a backpack (accidentally) all in a matter of 20 mins watch out people	wow you’re funny	i tried to meet ur deadline tam and this is what happened r u proud	others
4197	The word overrated is severely misused on this app.	People just want to be different so bad they force it.	Like, it's okay to say you simply don't like something that's popular/well received by the masses.	others
4198	RIP Pete Shelley. Another legend leaves us.	Gone too early. Didn't know he wasn't well	I'm reading it was unexpected.	others
4199	Sources: have shown interest in free agent utility man Marwin Gonzalez. He's a .264 hitter with 76 home runs in 7 MLB seasons.	I prefer to have Charlie Morton, but idk Gonzalez is sometimes trash defensively.	I mean we played Max Muncy at second base last year so he couldn't much worse defensively at second.	others
4200	I'M FINE.  I didn't catch a cold. It was a honour to be one of the first who came to see you ~~	E: I'm fine Also E: OMG THEY ARE SO CUTE HE IS SO CUTE PRAISING ME	HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?	others
4201	deliveruined never again food was cold customer service just read from a script sorry just eat but we will be back	Just go to the ‘Help’ section on the app. Hope that helps!	I deleted app	others
4202	Instagram page will be available again soon.	It has been ignored for a bit.	"I kept getting a message that the page was being temporarily hid due to community reports of questionable content. Odd, but it appears to be resolved now. I'd hate to see thousands of project photos ""lost""."	others
4203	This will not end well	I can't believe how much it's been played down in a lot of the press here	Yep, also not on the MSM in USA. Funny that the government have backed down but it’s too little too late	others
4204	Someone convince me that I shouldn’t take this little tortoiseshell kitten home from work even though its two siblings have both been hit by cars speeding through our driveway	Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh do it	I really don’t want it to die but also I’m broke af	others
4205	Happy Birthday to my baby boy.	I was looking for this vid to post for our birthday but I couldn’t find it hahaha. Thank you I love you.	It’s cause I had it all along for yours.	others
4206	Yeah he’s from Chicago. Check 1:20.	Yeah shorty a Dawg on bro	No doubt	others
4207	I gotted up lots erlwee today! I play and run all awound da hous. Den mama gets up too. We play chase! I hide and pounce and be lots cute. I halp mama tie her shoes. But den she has to go to werk. I go to da dor wif her and cwy. No go, mama! But den mama go and I be sad.	She'll be home soon to snuggle and play chase Cheddar.	I gib mama lots snuggles wen she gotted home!	others
4208	are you getting the set	Yes	i can send one of the lip glosses to you if you want but i wont be able to ship it until two weeks from now	others
4209	Is there a limit to how many Instagram bikini models there’s aloud to be?? I’m not hating, but damn that’s like all Instagram is now	Everyone is naked. I’m sick of it.	Hahahaha it’s just annoying that like every girl is like telling the same bikini brand like ok we get it lmao	others
4210	TO3 LF2 NEED:   Main AR (ICR) Anchor  Main Maddox Slayer   Central/East  Good Communications  On Everyday, at least 6 to 11 Central  Be mature, accept criticism  Play under the org   DM for more info	I can be main Maddox	We have that already, sorry	others
4211	Fuck a gf, don’t want one	not like you’re gonna get one anyway	I knew you’d say something lmao. Ya basic	others
4212	Hey guys, so I’m a little new to the	Sounds cool! Is the magic literally in his veins, or figuratively? I’m working on a fantasy story about a girl who can spit iron and a her cowardly teacher. Meanwhile, a mermaid tries to stave of an invasion of the surface.	Literally. Thanks! And that’a interesting. It’s good to set goals.	others
4213	Hating on Blueface will put you on the wrong side of history	If anything, given the fact that this type of “hate” is inevitable with any artist that comes out sounding different to the ear than what people are used to, I think the hate is only helping him right now as far as him being a part of “history”. Time will tell though	I’m here to be entertained bro that’s it	others
4214	So many engagements already and its not even christmas day yet 4 in the last 2 weeks.. crazy! If any male wants to propose to me feel free	if neither of us has a proposal by Christmas eve, we should just propose to each other x	What a good plan! I dont know why.. were catches xxx	others
4215	today is not a good day	I love you & everything will be okay	i love you more!!!	others
4216	Can I get a GG’s in the chat boys	We getting GG’s later!!	I literally play 1v4 when I play with you guys. First squad we run into yall mfs die	others
4217	Nah Chief, I’ve moved on	he ain't no snitch	Right bruh, I’ll have the situation dealt wit accordingly	others
4218	Who wants to pay me a boob job ?	Coz you rlly think you need one ? Come on you just need an ugly winter sweat ;)	Then I'll change my question, So who wants to pay me an ugly winter sweater ?	others
4219	What’s the best way to deal with a coworker who really rubs you the wrong way?	Tbh I just avoided them whenever possible and kept interactions as short & professional as I could.	I work in a small kitchen and he is a giant who never stops talking	others
4220	goodnight pls say it back i don’t have friends	goodnight	i love u	others
4221	avengers 4 trailer is really out tomorrow	WHAT EXACT TIME	apparently 9am est but i’m not 100 percent sure	others
4222	I could draw these all day everyday if I didn't have responsibilities	In my head this is all from Veloce's POV and there is some point where she is pining so hard for Blackbird, that she stops playing.	im not confirming or denying that this might actually be in a future canon episode or anything	others
4223	I did three back walkovers yesterday...I’m coming out of retirement.	I cackled because I know your toes were not pointed and your legs were silently bent	Lmaooooo! I’m sure. I’ll record it next week.	others
4224	Future is now에서	It was doing so well and then ruined itself with that massive head	In japan that’s the preferred style - it’s more like cream than foam	others
4225	This is the thumbnail for my next video! What do you think?	Lol good, the arrow always works. What app do you use to create videos?	Ty! I used GIMP for PC.	others
4226	Shortly after President Hillary Clinton won the election, Saudi Arabia paid a lobbyist to book 500 rooms in her Clinton Hotel in Washington DC. Experts speculate this move was to curry favor with the Clinton family, three of whom work in the White House.	This is why you are my fucking hero.	haha it's Madame President who is our hero!	others
4227	Feeling a bit... crazier than usual, the spirit would make a poor attempt at picking pocket-	Even before the female had the chance of reaching into her pocket Crovus grabbed her hand without even looking. “Too slow~”	"Once again with the reflexes and speed, Crovus? The knightly spirit couldn't help but crack a smile. ""I should have known I wouldn't succeed."""	others
4228	Having just given the electrician and the tree surgeon a piece of my mind, I am now indulging in a moment of quiet retrospection as it’s my birthday. Waitrose delivery man better beware that I will be fully charged by the time he arrives.	HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU13Wow that's great	I know!!!! Proud ears! Xxx	others
4229	I failed my calc test and am currently crying into my Dunkin’ Donuts Carmel macchiato and candy cane my calc teacher let me have, hows your Thursday?	Failed or FAILED cause me too sis	Honestly I took it today so I really don't know but I can see the future	others
4230	Couldn't pack him but I gotta bring him, imma carry him into the plane	Good luck	Thanks	others
4231	Having fun with Bears' hurtbox.  Also I'm yet to activate Windows lmao	how did u get this hair and eyes?!!!	It's an Oni mod, one of my favourites!	others
4232	NTSC? Dutchies? Hell yeah I just registered for Sector Z #3.0 (NTSC)	Spielst du etwa wieder Scheich? o.o keke	Naah CF baby :3 ...oder Fox	others
4233	me writing: oh.... that’s sad.... poor baby....... i don’t think this hurts enough	also where do you write your fics i want to read	i haven’t uploaded anything yet it’s all in pages on my laptop	others
4234	no	Can I come live w u I’m v small	3 girls 1 ted 3 bunnies and a dog~ sounds like a perfect little farm!!	others
4235	$10 in my acc thanks to	Did you not have school	I get out at 2:30	others
4236	Reposting this picture because I actually just got dumped over this. Yes, I am covered in scars and I thought I found someone who wasn’t a judgmental prick because he said he was okay with what he’s seen. I get that this isn’t attractive to most..	What’s his @ ? I just wanna talk.......	Hahaa he doesn’t have twitter	others
4237	Just peeking ahead at the depth charts and if Lil’Jordan Humphrey returns next year and Kyler Murray does not then Texas will probably get more first place votes than Oklahoma next year for the first time in forever.	Odds on him and CJ you think?	50-50 and then 80-20	others
4238	"Great line though surely ""sexy elf lady"" involves some tautology!"	"I honestly can't say that ""sexy"" and ""elf"" harmonise for me. I quite like my elves ethereal and alien."	Fair enough, though I guess Korgulg isn't good at juggling concepts like ethereal!	others
4239	And people wonder how trump got in. This is how.	Greens?	Never. I’d rather vote for Eddie McGuire party.	others
4240	"Using terms such as ""Alpha Male"", ""Beta Male"", ""Cuck"" & ""Soy Boy"" without any irony, literally screams ""Small Penis Insecurity"". Sorry to break that to you, but that's the rule of thumb...another thing larger than your penis btw."	"I agree with all of this except for the ""alpha male"" part because I've always felt that the use of that term was to point out toxic masculinity.  Am I wrong?"	Depending on context, you make a fair point.	others
4241	Sometimes I don’t want to be that annoying person retweeting everything on twitter but damn it’s just too damn funny or good not to	I'm that annoying person	I enjoy your retweets, don’t stop queeeen	others
4242	It’s ordination day!!! Ohhh what an honour to serve God!	congratulations!!	Thank you! All glory to God.	others
4243	My current gym defenders. Still going strong!	Is tree top maxed out?	Nope. And it's 96% too! (Wild encounter)	others
4244	With all this talk of cask making a comeback has anyone else noticed it actually never went away... sure it had a bit of a slump but every product does... just remember when you see all the band wagon jumpers we never stopped believing in cask or Santa Claus	Wtf is cask?	It’s the ones you have no fucking clue what to do with when you’re at work	others
4245	Lmfaoooooo ayooooooooooooo	It was 6.97 im giving her a deal	Twitter discount.	others
4246	Got my nipples pierced 3 months ago & I think I want more piercings but i just don’t like visible piercings	Lol why not?	I like them but not on my face	others
4247	quick reminder: I haven't forgotten about Jungkook's mixtape.	I ain't forget neither	GOTTA REMIND THE PEOPLE	others
4248	I did this a couple days ago lmaaaao	Mewd	It’s the best loool	others
4249	Quite simple when they all run off one network lol	EE happy days	Every time mate. It’s my industry remember and I wouldn’t be on anything else	others
4250	my ee app tells me I can upgrade early yay! I hit the button... Have to log in to the shop... Tells me my account has been cancelled... Tried over and over.	Good Morning Sarah.  Thanks for getting in touch, could you try to clear the cookies and cache and give it another try?  Let me know how you get on. -Jo	doesn't help unfortunately. same on app and on website. i can log in fine, it's only when i hit upgrade or try to go to the shop?	others
4251	The kraken awakes... Twitter Storm this Thursday 6th Dec, from 6am, the whole day; we are taking down the	I have tweeted and r/t over 100 times with many likes and a few r/t. None of my tweets appear on am I doing something wrong?	Your tweets have been counted but only 400 tweets have gone out today... but in total... nothing more we can do it’s not trended. Stay posted.	others
4252	If you wasn’t rockin w/ me when i had the PT cruiser then we not really homies	I’ve known you since 5th grade and never even knew you had a PT cruiser	it was only for a smooth 2 months	others
4253	Remember how cool we thought we were lmao	Hahaha yeah why’s ur hair green	Think I thought that was cool	others
4254	"Hey if anyone wants to watch I'm gonna start streaming speed runs on Twitch. I'm gonna start out by speed running ""DVD logo hitting the corner"""	Smh stealing Pewds video title	"It's called ""inspiration"""	others
4255	I have successfully driven to Illinois. Now for the drive back to Mississippi.	I was waiting for Your tweet! Be safe.	Thanks Patrick!	others
4256	The future is female: 12-year-old Emerson Couch becomes the winner of the 1st-ever Congressional App Challenge in	Thank you, Angie! Here is her video explaining the app:	She’s so awesome!	others
4257	Yeah ok but why	W H A T	I have no idea	others
4258	Me in some hours	I bought tasha a controller specifically for this moment lmao	Tell her to fucking square up in a few hours	others
4259	blizzard of 1988 was fun when i was 11, but not i am 41!	I remember that storm...man what a mess! Even the buses were stranded.	i remember pictures of fun, it was my brother/ my bday	others
4260	if ur on my friends list pls don’t join with the exception of !!	you know you can set your party to private so people can’t join you	I have it on private	others
4261	After 3:30pm tomorrow I’m off until the 19th December	Wtf am I gonna do	Lmaooooo I think the only thing people will miss is the stupid ass comments I make & questions I ask daily	others
4262	AAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHH JIMINIIIIII ITS BEEN A LONG TIME HHH! THANK YOUUU	Omg we were so spoiled with content I forgot Jimin posted!!!	HAHAHAHA! What exactly happened with them!	others
4263	No you could never get in there’s no point of trying	I did two days ago	They don’t even add you back	others
4264	why you so cute for	Me? Cute? PfFT- BAAHAHAHAHAHAHAIDHCIDCJB	u are	others
4265	lmfao she busted	Might have to start watching this again	Two hour first episode was last weekend so watch it before you watch this one	others
4266	Also ayyyy I get to spend Xmas alone too so hopefully I'll be chugging away at commissions and marathoning GR in peace	peace on earth and goodwill	Hopefully with less exploding Buzzwangs and more kissing cowboys and girls!!!!	others
4267	it av bin sed to me that my pikcha for toodays nowtiss bod wos rong wun … so i put rite wun eer now …	Good job, Henry! So I guess you will be skipping along then!	fank yoo .. i fort tooday wos fif but aktly it wos sikf … o deer	others
4268	Wow...has he forgotten Matthew 19:21? “Jesus answered, ‘If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.’”	Or that God’s own will was to send His perfect Son to death on our behalf? Literally the Gospel?	I guess I never knew the gospel was about having our hair looking perfect and brushed in a large home. Larry the Cucumber’s “Oh Where is my Hairbrush” has a whole new meaning now.	others
4269	Everyone's year was different, but this is how 2018 sounded to me. Get yours.	twin sized mattress is a forever jam	Yesss! i love it too -obviously	others
4270	Wait a minute ... I just realised ... Benedict and Adam are both nominated for the Golden Globes so they might both be there and maybe meet and maybe, maybe there'll be pics ... OMG I need to lie down	That would be awesome! On the other hand, B might stay at home given the time.	Yeah, I know, but a girl can dream	others
4271	All spx did today is to fill the gap.	Mind if i ask your view for tomorrow?	I thought of today will be a gap fill and 2700 this morning, it happened late. I think it will max out at 2750 ish if we go for the triangle. No long.	others
4272	I got bullied at work today for bringing my new lunch box	I’ll fuck them up	Lol You’re the best ! Miss u	others
4273	who is mikey and why is his name all over twitter	prob mikey from 4th ave	well at least it’s not my brother	others
4274	agreed	I perfer 5-4-1	6-3-1 is the GOAT	others
4275	his glow up tho  october 2017 - october 2018	your glow up tho	i honestly still look the same  the left picture was taken in a really bad angle hahaha	others
4276	How was your week? Anyone at a fair? how were there? Omg I got soaked on Saturday at mine.	I was at the beautiful Ducketts Grove in Carlow. Although it rained a bit we thankfully had the barn as shelter. Great atmosphere. Carol singing, hot food, snow globe bouncy and lots of different stalls. Good to see the hand made :)	Ooh I love the ducketts grove!! Madeline is a wonderful lady	others
4277	Ice Cube released an album ?	He will be tonight! I'm so excited	it's out where i live lmfaooo	others
4278	well ig im a free agent cause nigga cant take the heat i get blocked out the chat for bitch 4 to 5 niggas at once lol Old Guwop back	Wtf didn’t u just change gt?	hell yea guess freeband & jayy forgot i dont play that shit	others
4279	Even with this cold, some people are still having sex rn	Lol!!! They need the exercise bruh	Abi o...single people like us will just hug our pillows while the cold freezes our asses lol	others
4280	Struggling to make it through season 2 of the wire	That really was the weakest season	Tried binging this show twice and couldn’t make it past this season either time. Skipping it	others
4281	How tf you lose views ????	I be losing views on my videos too sometimes	It’s dumb af	others
4282	thank you for all the memories, i hope we meet again in the end  ♡	you’re beautiful!!!!	thank u ily <3	others
4283	Mnafaa m watch The Red Pill	Redpill Coach ama?	the red pill, ni ka documentary	others
4284	i need to go ice skating asap	no let’s go to the roller den	i feel like yes	others
4285	What an era of music man, bring me back	That 09/10-12 ish era was something else man.	One of the best times of my life now that I look back	others
4286	Ok ik bruh tired of this drake shxt let live n enjoy the album	Fuk him drake is god	Tighten up	others
4287	The system goes on-line November 29th, 2018. Skynet becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. Eastern time, December 3rd. Then it becomes easily distracted and clumsy and destroys humanity by slipping on a banana peel.	I did not expect to relate so well to Skynet tbh	Honestly, I may be on Skynet's side.	others
4288	Yay i got 2 hanas 3 mimis and 1 sejeong Seems like I have a better luck on getting Sejeong (and hana cus she is my second bias) when im streaming so I will do it everytime to get Sejeong jkjk~ Thank you guys for joining and watching although it was late	lucky.. I haven’t got close to a Mimi or Hana photocard	We can trade If you are willing to trade Mimi for extra Sejeong or Hana pc that I dont have (doesnt have to be same act too)	others
4289	Note to Muslim fathers: Reason #456 for not forcibly marrying your daughters to Al-Qaeda operatives...they might become murtadd.	The bigger problem in dunya is those who refuse to allow the existence of their own biological children so they can have time to plot sadistic attacks against your children and the children of others.	Definitely a problem...if they had kids, these kinds of people might be a bit more stable.	others
4290	My kitteh has a new fave spot to hang out. Apparently very comfy. For her.	Omg, so cute!	At least my neck and shoulders are warm! She's been doing this for over a week now. Super cute but considering she weighs 4.5kg..	others
4291	I doubt since I wont be watching I will leave that tedium to games journalists and read about it.. takes far less time	You'll regret it. Sure, you can read about it tomorrow but it won't be the same.	I wont since I hate award shows their boring PR stunts I know what I like I dont need a show to tell me its good	others
4292	MeinKraft	Juden, jüdische, jungend! Sie haben unsere Kinder angesteckt!	What can I say but yikes	others
4293	Kkkkkkkkk se eu fizesse curso	Ta cheio de criança e ele aqui bebendo	Da nd n	others
4294	Which would be greater in smash? [Sans Undertale. 0%] [Ultimate Chicken Horse Rep 0%] [Rocket League Rep 0%] [Default skin- Fortnite 100%] 173817172618268 votes • Final Results	we'd all love chicken or car in smash fuck fotnite	I quite enjoy Fortnite	others
4295	The  Congratulations,	Great news!	Yep. Reminds me of fella.	others
4296	seems Brook is really intent on talking himself out of the fight!	Kell has fucked about chasing this fight for way to long. Not long ago he was gonna take over 154 as 147 wasn’t his weight. He would still be 147 if Spence didn’t make him quit. Just disappointed amir didn’t get in the ring to announce bud fight and manage to keep it quiet	he sounds like Khan when he was trying to get the Mayweather fight...desperate!	others
4297	Is there a reason we don't eat turkey eggs? Or do some people eat turkey eggs?	I read this 15mins ago and it’s been bugging me ever since. Had to google itSeems they only lay about one a week so they’re expensive. Or something like that. Oh my god what has my life become?	The fact I felt compelled to ask Twitter speaks volumes about my own!	others
4298	Isn't this interesting	That’s not aged very well....	Right? He's going to put himself in jail on his own	others
4299	I am looking for fellow Tarkov players to do raids with. I'm new to the game and would like a group the raid with. DM me if you ate interested.	Hey man, my gamer tag is BlaZexy0 hit me up in eft if you are interested in playing. I am also pretty new and still have not found anyone to play with	I'll add you when I get on next. Thanks for responding!!!	others
4300	I need something to live for	Don't you have dreams?	It depends which dreams yu talking about coz I've achieved some well most of em nd i still feel empty	others
4301	The aftermath of yet another teary Supernatural finale...	Well I’ve said it before I’ll say it again I don’t want you disappointed about the show from here on out. The quality in writing slowly starts to degrade little by little still good but nothing as good as this	I appreciate the heads up. I’m gonna brace myself for what’s to come but keep an open mind too.	others
4302	"Any more ""pub signs"" that are the object of the name?"	25 years ago The Shoe at Exton had a giant (1 metre) shoe hanging from the ceiling. It was properly made, of leather, and hand-stitched. On a recent visit it had gone. Nobody there had ever heard of it. Sad.	That's a shame!	others
4303	so i just found out that my granddad fell down the stairs, knocked himself unconscious and is in now hospital :(	Hope he’s okay hun xx	thank you x	others
4304	Currently reading: Ten Women by Marcela Serrano, translated by Beth Fowler	Do you have a blog Kristy? I would love to know your thoughts on books you read. :)	I don't. I think about it though. Maybe someday.	others
4305	For all the talk of how short Kyler is, Tua doesn’t look that much taller.	Kyler doesn't seem like a hugger. You can't trust a man who doesn't enjoy a good hug.	They both seemed pretty awkward about it. Tua’s probably not used to getting affection from his daddy.	others
4306	Because karma is reliant on energy not direct action.	Explain.	Karma suggest actions done in this life or any incarnation of life directly affect your fate. Real life does not allow fate to function as such. Karma is not really cause and effect. Karma is the full sum of actions. Lol	others
4307	The best part of these events is making new friends.	Will you be at this year?	Wasn’t invited I don’t think.	others
4308	You better watch out.  You better watch out.  You better watch out.  You better watch out.  Hes coming to town. Run.	Did you ever watch a movie called Trollhunter?	it's on my list. But I have not.	others
4309	Nice article on secure email providers. Was Mailfence on your shortlist?	It wasn't! Have you used it and is it good?	I do use it. Styling is slightly dated but it is fast and functional. No issues so far :)	others
4310	Really feeling white chocolate atm and this has never been a thing for me.l	Omg same!!!!!	Stop copying me!	others
4311	Making a new 2K19 build, need some suggestions Looking for a solid SG	Pure lockdown is the wave imo	I went with shot creating playmaker  Liking it so far	others
4312	The world has many design flaws. One of my favorites is when a public toilet has its sensor placed so high that every time you lean forward it flushes. What are your faves?	And when it flushes “grey water” splashes on your bits. The worst.	Not fun l.	others
4313	Kissing	Least favorite part? That would be my FAVORITE part. Okay, I'll stop talking now.	My favorite part too.	others
4314	Estoy triste. Denme un motivo para seguir adelante.	Mi carita	That would do.	others
4315	PLEASE TAKE TIME OUT TO WATCH THIS BRIEF VIDEO. IT SHOWS HOW BLACK PPL IN AMERICA BECAME THE “NEW CONSUMER” MARKET 4 WHITE AMERICA! $$$ THE SECRET OF SELLING THE NEGRO (1954) - YouTube	Oh thank you sister i Saw myself on this video. So wE have to change and help our brothers and sisters whose got businesses!	Yes ma’am, we do need to BUY BLACK! This is our TIME 4 UNITY! Thank u 4 watching the video & please share this video with others!	others
4316	Brb cryin in the club	Why	Lol mom & I have tickets to his concert in STL next Thursday for my bday	others
4317	Hey uhh, any Mechanics in the house? Need this fixed by tonight so I can get back on the road. Thx	You have two options get a new engine (could be original or a remake, I recommend doing it yourself) but it'll take time. Either or buy a new car. Depending on how old the car is (anything less than 2010ish) get a new car because the engine is never going to run again good.	I prefer the third option	others
4318	Why does McDonald’s sprite always hurt my throat	it’s acid	You didn’t say goodbye to me	others
4319	mutuals talk to me! i love you guys!	i will talk to you more if you want!!	please! i literally at you ugh	others
4320	Fuck Fuck Fuck. He was my Bowie. I met him on my 17th birthday when they played with Subway Sect and he was kindness itself, giving me a badge and putting up with my fanboy bollocks. Truly miserable news	That's a good story, a nice memory you have there	I still have the picture sleeve, it sits next to all their first 10-15 before I lost track of them a bit, til recently in fact.	others
4321	Except that I let myself get into an argument with a customer everything was so chill thank you universe	tea.	right	others
4322	Cuz comment got me weak!!	Yeah i aint bout it, they lowkey creepy asl	Lmaoo his bio had me in tears too	others
4323	Does your new podcast start in the middle or is it just me?	Might be you. What’s the issue?	Ah, it seems it was something at my end. Just downloaded it a third time and it's come down properly. First two times it has cut off the first 30 minutes or so. Thanks.	others
4324	I finished all my finals, and I bussed my ass this semester having 2/3 jobs. I’m taking myself on a date damnit.	That final today was as bad as the other test lol	I’m so glad I dropped that hoe, she’s on something fr	others
4325	Hi. I don’t post about my fics here bc .. I’m shy I guess? I don’t know. But if you’re interested I am currently working on a Michael fic and I’d be happy to share the link?	i would LOVE to read it	I’ll dm you :)	others
4326	Me all finals week	That honestly just made me wanna stop doing my work cause ur so cute I had to stare a bit longer	Hahah idk what happened i was a cutie	others
4327	Who else is blocked by John Terry then	Ffs what did u do	Called him a racist years back	others
4328	My brothers cat is called Ozzy. I’ve decided that I’d rather he be called Biscuits. I’m going to change to his name. Meet Biscuits	He does look like a Biscuits!	That’s what I said!	others
4329	might just be me but i don’t think that’s a black faux leather mini skirt ??	Groovy tho nish, i'd deffo keep	i will, as long as they send me my skirt too :))))	others
4330	Here's the thing about my Spotify	Do I need to reactivate my tidal account?	Lol not necessarily. I like both platforms honestly	others
4331	"We got a surprise for yall. I'm happy bruh. We really had to persevere to make this show happen. There was many days I wanted to give up, there was many days I didnt know if it was going to happen, but I'm happy it did. Its finally here, ""Dreams Never Die 2""!"	My favorite music video right there.	It's a reocrd	others
4332	can someone point me in the direction of some resources for writing qualitative studies? Or tag someone whom you think has written a really amazing one? Please?	I read a few excerpts from this book while taking a qualitative research class last year and found it useful. We never got to the chapter on writing, but it might be a place to start.	Thank you so much	others
4333	Can anyone help answer this? What good kids' books, TV, films, games, etc etc are available that centre or normalise LGBTQ characters, families, relationships, lives?	On a related note, how long since you read Midwich Cuckoos? The same sex couple in that were fairly normalised. Completely missed it when I read it at 12	Wow! If I ever read it it would be a very long time ago.	others
4334	Q2: What does equity look like within higher education? Outside of higher education?	Equity in higher edu as described by Austin Powers. Sometimes we get in this back and forth and make no progress. We have to keep working toward collective progress rather than our specific agendas.	I appreciate the attention to stagnancy and collective action!	others
4335	Better learn new pussy moves	Y’all ain’t got no new pussy tricks	Lord have mercy u know this	others
4336	Who tryna cop the season 7 battle pass. Like this and I'll by some peeps it	you said that last season and i don’t think you did	I bought 4 people it last season actually.	others
4337	Tonight's the night!!  First thing I'm doing is Classic with Samus! She was the first character I ever used in 64 as a kid!! Who are you guys' favorite characters in Smash? Mine are Mr Game & Watch! R.O.B.! Pac Man and Snake!	>blargen likes pacman	I love my happy ball boy so much!!! He's the most wholesome character in the whole roster and he's so cute! Seriously he's perfect, the only complaint I can even think of to make about Pac Man in Smash is Mrs. Pac Man isn't an Echo of him	others
4338	Erm..... why is Bath Christmas market closing before the day I booked off to see Bath Christmas market? I've accidentally become a local haven't I?	It does finish well ahead of Christmas doesn’t it , 9th. We went the first week. It was raining.	It’s always raining	others
4339	not finishing work til 10 tonight is slowing destroying my soul absolute torture	I’ll pop in at 10 to 10 like last year to piss you off a bit more	watch me throw something at you don’t be one of them customers, HUN	others
4340	really want to tweet this clip out but not sure if y’all are ready for it, wanted to use it in a video on YouTube first	if its unseen nonono, keep that shit on the low. but if weve seen it i dont see why not	but it’s not like my channel is active anymore which is the downside however, I would pull more views on Twitter.	others
4341	If you have a Tide to Go you have your life together	What if you have a tide to go but you lost it? Still count?	Half	others
4342	stay above $120 bitch.	$114 would be nice	Not for me. Need $120 - $131. LOL	others
4343	will someone tell me where I can watch this video please	here	Thank u <3	others
4344	coaching club this season and I got stuck with the team color I hate the most	Which is.....	Fucking purple	others
4345	The E60 BMW M5 is the best car you should never own.	Saw that you threw some shade at my W211 500. Which makes me wonder about your thoughts of the W211. I'll wait until you review that car.	I owned a 2007 E63 wagon! Nice car. But IMO the design now looks older than the E60 5 Series.	others
4346	RIP Pete	So sad (got your text but can't reply). RIP Pete Shelley	Gutted!	others
4347	Boy who the fuck you think you is?	Jtfo Only if you knew	I don't	others
4348	I actually think the Office US is more funnier than the original.	Yes yes yes! Greatest thing you've ever said!!!! Love it!!!	Just from watching clips Its more goofy and relatable ! I really do need to watch it though	others
4349	II- We met there at first Then our longing lips  Not caring about the heavy rain Which was constantly pouring The wind stopped,  The time stopped The leaves leaving trees,  Stopped But our kisses Didn't cease We didn’t care  about the gushing rain We were like lovers  gone insane	Live in that moment forever .	Thank you dear..i hope	others
4350	Omar, lying )about it not being in his book) is a sin, so a big no-no!	Wiki Islam listed wrong pages. Not my fault. I will get back to it.	I think I'm done talking to you actually, Omar. You've proven how faulty your argument is, and I can't discuss something openly with a person which cites pictures of quotes they found on the internet. That is not an intelligent discussion.	others
4351	GET THAT DAMN LEAK OFF MY TL FFS	woAH WHAT LEAK	the old a/l one	others
4352	my uwus are activate i haven’t been this happy in about 15 years	i just teared up im not kidding.......ur the most deserving person..........	u are......i love u so much..........i wld be nothing without u.........,,,,	others
4353	I love when no one is beside me when I’m at the gym! So I’ll be able to fart in peace	Just imagine	I mean it’s just me.... so why not	others
4354	new header xx	Oh look that’s a fancy header. whoever made it has some serious talent	it’s the “graphic design is my passion” of headers but go off	others
4355	Seriously might just kill my battery coming to the bathroom so much since I don't wanna work with this FUCKEN guy. I'm just chillen in the stall on my phone.	That’s me with 5th now. I get on a tag and hide in the restroom for as long as I can	This dude is a bitch. Lol has 8 guys here working and texting the PM asking for help. We get here and he has us checking if keys match! Like wtf! That's why you needed help?	others
4356	U got your babies u ain’t neva alone	Leaving to jersey Christmas Day . I’ll be alone	Lol why u not bringing them	others
4357	wait does anyone know what jens tattoo says ?	11:11 ??? if so CUTIE	i really think it is like that’s so cuteeee sjdjjdjd	others
4358	Ever take forever to realize if you like someone or not? Thats me rn	You dubbed my question on IG fuck you	Cus you disrespectful af! na I didn’t get anything from you ask it again ho! oh and Fuck you too	others
4359	What’s the best way to end a relationship??	I don't even care if it's my AOL or mail lol.	Lmfao I feel you	others
4360	Yes. Any more pointless questions?	He doesn’t know does he Nic?	Not sure how anyone doesn’t get it tbh.	others
4361	Bro how is this arch even possible	lean forward from ur waist and get flatter as u do it then literally just push up ur ass	Oh cause you don’t think I’ve tried this loool	others
4362	Aries periodt	Ehh	U don’t agree?	others
4363	When you find out Gomez is out for 6 weeks...	Cheeres for invite	Mate that was weeks ago just saved the photos for a special occasion	others
4364	I just picked up my pixelbook and I'm not lying I have it sitting up in the booth next to me like a toddler as I enjoy a celebratory pulled pork sammie people are staring	Is it like a tablet laptop???	YYYYYASSSS and my love got me a google pen so!! that means I can doodle on it and instantly upload it and!! this truly is a new frontier for fic-related doodle life I'm so excited	others
4365	Wanted to try this piggybank stuff but everytime I tell someone they advice me not to. So I just leave the money for sterling bank anyways.	Why na	That they're not safe and no back end staff or actual something to hold accountable if shit goes sideways	others
4366	I cant believe my recruiter asked me if i'd take my scarf off for the job and that i'd be uncomfortable if I got a job in Kr, Jpn or China coz there wouldnt be alot of 'my people' around to relate to...alladis is big ole 2018? Phew chile	This is so ignorant wtf	It was so laughable the way he started on the phone to say it	others
4367	What's your sexuality when you prefer sex over relationships, like in general? As in you're SUPER picky with who you date but not with whom you have sex with??? LMAO	"I would call it ""anysexual"" Cuz you'll do it with anyone ;p"	GOD I DO LMAO	others
4368	I didn’t notice the tag!! It was a mcd! Mickey died...	what is it so i make sure i never read it	A Little Piece of Happiness.	others
4369	This squid is too poorly  My brain is killing me	amazing job! btw what app are you using?	Clip studio paint has a subscription based app on iOS! It's got two price options but both come with cloud storage that let you change between within on iPad and pc pretty well!	others
4370	To end my birthday tonight, Club América plays against Pumas! A Clásico Capitalino in the playoffs! How I’m feeling right now	Happy Birthday!!!!	Thank youuuuuuuuu! :D	others
4371	Lmfaoo when we tweet that shit we mean it but it don’t mean with y’all	Oh I know it’s just funny seeing y’all complain about niggas in your dms thirsting when y’all look like the video	Lmfaooo can’t relate	others
4372	We're eating	Which stout won?	No winners Ed. All awesome	others
4373	does the spotify wrapped thing only take in to account what you listen to online ??? or does it count offline stuff too	now that could explain a lot im ngl	like all the hours on a plane, 1 week in a campervan and 10 days with crappy wifi ?? i listened to a SHIT load offline	others
4374	Steady on	He couldn't call out a plumber	U n him would be a fight id love to see though	others
4375	We got a bit stuck on Everest!	Oh no!! Did you get evac'd?	No, it was only about 5 mins in the end	others
4376	Thinking something like this for GW16: Arnie, Siggy Jimenez, Son Thoughts??? And yes another - 4	A terrible idea get Alexis Sanchez in now	How's that Fut team doing?	others
4377	Fortnite quit playin. just bc you add a glasses wearin, hair dyed, backwards hat rockin, tatted, female skin DOSENT MEAN YOU CAN HAVE ME BACK	I just loaded up the game, saw that skin, and went straight here to see what you said about it IT YOU	LMAO the amount of dm's warranted a public response	others
4378	LMAOOO I don’t wannnna I wanna nap before this final not do more work faaawk	You can knock that shit out in one hour and still nap lol	You right, but I don’t feel like it! lmaoo	others
4379	Isn't it odd how the people insisting that lesbians are transphobic if they won't have sex with transwomen and should try it *to be sure* are also the very same people saying it's a lie that lesbians are under any pressure to have sex with transwomen... ?	Not to mention the fact that few transwomen who identify as 'lesbian' seem at all disposed to have sex with other transwomen...	A very astute point which will always get you blocked for asking.	others
4380	i wanna go to new york so badly	Lets go	when i get my car ill pick u up	others
4381	Rooftop of my flat in West Hampstead, London. 1987. The good ol days :)	Like your recent one better. Hope you have ditched smoking.	Yes, I quit smoking many years ago. This pic is over 30 years old!	others
4382	Quality reps over ego lifting all day. Keep that form tight!	Yes sir!...agreed.. Sometime u need those UUuuRRrrr reps too tho	Absolutely! Though my body doesn't let me do that much anymore lol	others
4383	Ok guys one last time if your profile pic is anything like this I will block you. I’m not on here for dick pics	That's a penis.	Yes it is. That person was following me until I blocked him	others
4384	It’s 4:13 in the afternoon and still nothing about the trailer EXPLAIN	im scared at this point	If they don’t respond to this tweet they’re cowards	others
4385	02 having a mare today aren't they	Tell me about it marra! Wish I stayed with	Never normally have a problem with 02 personally, had a stinker today tho	others
4386	wsh ses predebut a elle c'est sans fin	same as yves lmaooo	these girls i swear...	others
4387	I gotted up lots erlwee today! I play and run all awound da hous. Den mama gets up too. We play chase! I hide and pounce and be lots cute. I halp mama tie her shoes. But den she has to go to werk. I go to da dor wif her and cwy. No go, mama! But den mama go and I be sad.	Aw. Mamas has to go wurk so dey can buy us kitties kibbles.	It not fair! I wants mama to stay!	others
4388	?	The engineering team listens to devs as least as much as they listen to me! Add your voice to this issue or just file another:	Thanks, I will!	others
4389	O2 better have this issue sorted by tomorrow otherwise I’m in trouble. No data roaming for a drive into the middle of nowhere - which I’ll have to do from memory. Terrific.  Disgusting service and “no end” in sight. Great.	A Son of god shouldn’t have to rely on Data roaming to get through life	True. Jesus will take the wheel. I’m sure.	others
4390	Outstanding lawyer needs translation at the Texas border next week. Please respond directly. Her DMs are open.	Thank you so, so much	Of course, Nabiha, anytime. I'm not the best vector for this ask though. I'm in class, rn. I'll poke around later and see if I can think of a more effective way to find folks to help. Hope all is well with you.	others
4391	Raise your hand if you’re going to further ruin your already terrible sleep schedule for the sake of The Game Awards	Good thing I'm in America. I will ruin it once again for Smash though, I'm sure lol.	Y’all have the best time zone when it comes to gaming events nearly all the time. I’m jealous	others
4392	says you??? look at me being awkward affff	no like i actually swr im talking to the boy i like and i literally want to die haahha	ooooo how’s it going between u two tho	others
4393	It's perfectly acceptable to wear the same outfit as yday if nobody saw you in it right????	I also frequently do that	Ok good bcos it was a banging outfit	others
4394	Lol ok so I should just not bother paying for a prime membership then, right?	Same day shipping from the date its loaded onto the local UPS truck!	If you advertise and boast 2-day shipping and you don’t tell me something is temporarily out of stock or on back order when I order it... it better be at my house in 2 days.	others
4395	Canadians are finally getting angry. We need to get him out of office. Seems that France is doing just that with Macron.  Let's get this criminal administration out of parliament!	What's happening in France must serve as a wake up call for many nations We need to stand up now before it's too late for us in Canada Trudeau's mission is supposed to be one about Canadian citizens, but everyone can see that he has his own personal agenda	I certainly hope it will! Trudeau is a filthy traitor and must be removed, the sooner, the better.	others
4396	What’s the matter with everyone?! Mercury in retrograde?	What's up?	Extra arseholes today, something in the air possibly	others
4397	Just accidentally punched my dog and it’s the worst feeling you can have	Dude. Accidentally kicked my black dog while on a walk at night and I cried.	And then they look up at you right after like I still love you just wondering what that was about did I do something to upset you i’m confused	others
4398	another day of guessing someone’s signs n getting them right i’m gassing myself lmfaooo	Bruh I have this gift too	we have the same main 3 girl, bet we have similar characteristics. if u ever wanna talk about the struggles of being a triple mutable or having ur main 3 conflict hmu bc i FEEL IT LMAO	others
4399	Omg I’m sobbing I love my school food	you’re rich im pretty sure of that	KSKSKS it’s literally the cheapest public school	others
4400	I need advice... How do you get your chatty coworker to stop talking. This chatty coworker doesn’t necessarily just chat with me, they chat with everyone and everyone is annoyed by it. Send help.	Wear headphones?	She has Harly’s voicehahaha	others
4401	Damn, I Thought Meek Had A Better Pen Than East	Meek been a better rapper than East	Nah. Lyrically I Think Dave Can Body Meek.	others
4402	to come visit me as my Christmas present	i’m gonna stick around the 30th prob even for lunch before i come up to NY so let a bitch know	I’m going out with my boyfriends mom & sis that day....come to one of his after parties wtf	others
4403	Drank a little to much	a little?!? understatement	Well my headache wasnt that bad and I haven't thrown up	others
4404	oomf is so intimidating	sorry	as if. get off ur high horse	others
4405	Togher looking fantastic after the lights were turned on tonight with Cllr	You mean even more fantastic	Correct!	others
4406	i know y’all don’t know me that well outside of exo and my desire to clap jongdae’s ass cheeks but nature & wildlife mean the world to me and i miss working in that field	all i remember is u dreaming of exo as insects	oh i didn’t dream that i did that consciously	others
4407	I can't speak Spanish what does this say	I can translate for you :) but it might not be so accurate	Really? That's ok just do your best	others
4408	YES WHAT THE FUCK I ACTUALLY CAN	The demons weren’t ready to play that actually was very real as well it freaked me out so much	Mate that shit me right up weren't u going into the haunted room and just before u got there it growled I'm scared	others
4409	Congrats to all the	Cool, I already saw it in some tweets and was wondering who created those. Now I know. Really really cool work! Congrats!!	Thanks Jan! Really appreciate feedback... it means a lot!	others
4410	"I write the entire word ""because""  bc I'm old af."	You look youthful	Thank you, it's the filter. I'm really 80 years old.	others
4411	Y’all if you are rooting for	If you haven’t watch the video from when he left evolve.  It’s one of the most gut wrenching wrestling related videos I’ve seen. Was already a big fan but made me enjoy him even more.	Dude that one is so good too. I was already a big fan too but that video and these arrival ones just make it even more so	others
4412	Next Friday is so freaking funny I’m so mad I’m just now seeing it	i’m finna break my friday virginity too	Next Friday is funnier than Friday!! But watch them both	others
4413	i’m really scared to taste happiness and see it disappear again as soon as it appears	Well don’t taste it tf	suck a dick	others
4414	I had a dream that I was playing a really cool story-focused card-based video game and now I'm mad all over again about how little Cultist Simulator lived up to its promise	That dream game sounds great and now I also want it	the dream was very clearly inspired by your conversation with last night	others
4415	Vi la nota en 3DJuegos, pero en teoría la update de CSGO debió salir ayer miércoles, pero falló a último momento, además dudo que muestren algo en los Game Awards cuando las updates del juego son antes del evento.	Jo :/ Tanto misterio en los mensajes en días hoy...	Update incoming.	others
4416	Pick your favorite.... (no helping with the abbreviations, no B-sides in this one and Simon's vocals are on all of them.)	"Well the one word songs are: Rio,Notorious,Drug,Palomino,Land,Liberty,Hothead,Serious,Downtown Shotgun,UMF,Shelter Medazzaland,Astronaut,Nice,Chains,Mediterranea,Danceophobia. And I dont see a ""T"" here, and there are two ""M"" songs. so please do enlighten me."	There is a T song. And the stipulation was that they all had Simon's vocals. The T song is from the 2000s.	others
4417	Going to NYC!! Got Row 6, section C for $195! (Plus the usual Ticketmaster charges.)	Wow awesome pricing	I paid more in L.A. It had the interactive map and I couldn't let right next to B stage (seat 2) go. It was $390 and *choke* I did it. Charrrrge it!	others
4418	FUCK OFF	chill oot x	Gutted babe x	others
4419	A new invention called WiFi	*cough* It was sarcasm	*Cough cough*  I was being sarcastic too (I’m lying)	others
4420	I’m getting rid of the Sony A7iii…AGAIN. This will be the last time. It’s a great camera, just not for me. If you’re interested, let me know.	The GH5 is just like that one girl you keep coming back to. Nothing quite compares.	Correct. I never left her but added other cameras for other purposes. Then kept returning.	others
4421	i am the only person on this earth that i know that stanned this song	I love that song.	i felt that period	others
4422	Um, so I upgraded to Wordpress 5.0 and I immediately want to go back. Why is the editable part of my posts so small, what's the point of so much whitespace? Or is there something wrong with my browser?	nope, i believe that's how it is now. You can install the classic editor plugin yo go back:	Mind blown. I can't believe they reduced the amount of space for the editor...for whitepace, crazy. Installed the classic editor plugin, thanks.	others
4423	We need Sukira again!	Isn't this aggressive mating display similar to what they did at the HOT concert? Yoona seems to bring out the gay in them	Is it? It reminded me of brothers picking a fight with each other. The HOT concert was gold.	others
4424	Why is it only Thursday? And why aren’t Cowboys playing again today I’m excited for game day!	I was literally thinking the same thing earlier	I KNOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW	others
4425	They need to kill off Cookie Lyon already	You just watched it too?	I watched whatever was on Hulu. So I think I’m caught up lol	others
4426	Your daughters are disrespectful lord, they Roll their eyeswhile we on Top of them sweating, instead of screaming	Shit happens let the nigga go harder	Don’t spoil me please im innocent	others
4427	Bang 2, Almighty So, BFTD2, and Nobody	Bro nobody and BFTD2 not better than bftd lol	they are bro nostalgia aint always the truth lmao	others
4428	That sounds dumb af. Marriage is marriage. Try again sis	Right . That’s like her whooping her ass & then tell her I wasn’t serious	Like bitch you sound dumb af. Bitch if there’s a marriage certificate it’s serious PERIODT tf lol	others
4429	Put the tree up tonight before Nathan comes home so we HAVE to go get decorations for it tomorrow, I’ve waited long enough	So you just have a plain tree up atm?	Yeah only so Nathan doesn’t have a choice and HAS to decorate it tomorrow, can’t have a bare tree up	others
4430	At the Unherd and David Aaronovitch is full of straw men and superiority. Thinks he knows better from one day in Wakefield than a man who’s lived there all his life.	There are very few people more pompous than Big DA !!	I never knew! Everything about his demeanour is so sneery. Typing and tapping when he should be listening, constantly rubbing his face like he’s sooooo exasperated. Just comes across as fixed and intolerant.	others
4431	One year of releasing music. Thank you guys - next year is going to be my best yet	keep snapping broski don’t let up	Thank you g!!! My dawg	others
4432	I don't know where I'd be if I hadn't found the internet early on and made so many LGBT friends online. It's fucking lonely dealing with this shit irl. I don't have anybody to relate to. :'(	I know what you're going through. It's tough. Real tough. At least we have support somewhere. you Nick.	Love you too, Lulu. Thank you :3	others
4433	In Boston, looking forward to present at ⁦⁦	What would I give now for a double shack burger from Shake Shack in Harvard Square...	Hahaha! Not bad! I won’t have time for that this time, though. Back to NL tomorrow after the workshop.	others
4434	My granddad has Alzheimer’s and had his tracker on him today but unfortunately due to having such disgusting signal no one could find him or contact my Nan! My Nan was at work just finished her shift and couldn’t find him on the tracker due to it not having signal!!!	Aw sorry to hear that :( bless him x	Yeah poor man lost and confused but couldn’t get hold of anyone x	others
4435	god, why was I so stupid as to read the comments under a BD column? or even the column?	Try being the subject of them!	I’m pretty sure I’d rather not. having said that it’d be a bit interesting to see how they’d manage to find anything about me worth writing about.	others
4436	went to a free speech debate last night and someone called ben shapiro “ben sharpie” happy thursday	attending a free speech debate has just skyrocketed to the top of my to do list	it’s half good half a real time cringe compilation - 10/10 recommend	others
4437	Every single one of these logos is 1000% better than anything the Canucks have ever had. Moral: get NEW DESIGN people to make a new logo.	And still the Vancouver one is the worst of the bunch	Oh, I like the Vancouver one A LOT. The New York one is my least favourite, but its still very unique.	others
4438	Ngl I’m fuming Jack and Dani have split up. Knew the money should have been given to Megan and Wes	Omggggg whattttttt	I know sad times :( !!!	others
4439	y'all chose jungoo...	link juciyo	i've literally just started writing it lmao	others
4440	Emojis&. My dogs are so animated	Lol omg they totally match!	Clowns	others
4441	I really do not know if I should cut my hair or not ughhh	nooo :(( i love your hair	I have to babe! It will grow back, I need something different tho	others
4442	I’ve had worse weeks in my life	You are an animal	What you two chatting, where’s Snow White and the other 5?	others
4443	watching my boyfriend play his video game & the minecraft cows are so cute	I saw a picture of a Minecraft cow years ago and it was the reason I started playing it lmfao	LOL that’s too funny & I just noticed your name on here which makes it even funnier! He has a whole farm dedicated to me cause cows are my fav animal!	others
4444	Im going to outlive all my bandmates because I'm the only one who's not depressed and doesn't do drugs on a weekly basis	:/	Sorry, i was just joking	others
4445	"You ever fall in love with someone, and have that one song that brings you back to that moment no matter how many times you listen or how long time move on? Mine is ""I get to love you"" by what's yours?"	mine was milkshake brings all the boys to the yard	I bet is a returning customer	others
4446	A line up without Isabel, Kate M, Kate A, Camilla or Julia can only mean the audience is heavily planted with “I think we should get behind Mrs May” and “Labour don’t even have a Brexit policy” types. You heard it here first.	Will Revd Lynn be in the audience?	I’ll upgrade to Pontiff Swindon if that happens.	others
4447	Hmm does anyone have any tips for allocating the maximum amount of ram to Premiere Pro? Post production is gonna make me go postal if we cant get rid of this gross lag	Have you already adjusted the buffer limit in the preferences? Also, what is the hard drive situation?	We did, and it helped a bit! I think imma have to bite the bullet and just buy more ram	others
4448	smash bros.........................	IS OUT TOMORROW!!!!	I KNOW	others
4449	End of term????	More details please.	Ha! Head to Luckys and grab a bag. Then eat in bed. Repeat twice. Lol. We'll compare notes.	others
4450	Everyone's year was different, but this is how 2018 sounded to me. Get yours.	Kendrick x Taylor Swift Lol timi Bad Blood maatra sunera basiraa ho	loool no I hate that song. Was mostly listening to T Swift's Reputation and then Kendrick's Damn. And King Kunta on repeat lmao timi k hero paltirako	others
4451	Looking forward to it, 6-8pm with a chance to see the exhibition	Good luck lovely x	Thanks Claire x	others
4452	People actually take their dogs to see Santa? Like what? You ok Hun?	Yeah I'm taking max... no that shit is weird!!	It’s actually a thing a freshney place...	others
4453	I fucking hate animal abuse. This is on my top 5 things that anybody running in 2020 must address. The laws are much to lax when it comes to animal abuse. Its time that changes.	This broke my heart. Thank you so much for helping to make more people aware of this horror!!	No worries Gary. I've got 7 rescues myself.	others
4454	Ok habibi bhebbek w kel shi bss ma tfooti b tisa lal deffeye	CAMOUFLAGED	I know right hek hesseit	others
4455	What are you getting your gf for Christmas (me) — message me & you’ll find out ;)	Omfg DETAILS	i was just flirting KSJSKJS, i have no clue who it is	others
4456	Hashtag had a snag incident with his Dew-claw (thumb). The vet decorated his bandage with the hash symbol and a heart. Very cute!	Ahhh hope he feels better soon	Thanks Edel!	others
4457	I wish everyone could taste em :(	e-transfer	How much e-shipping cost?	others
4458	Me	Give me 5	I joined	others
4459	What's happened to Ralston ? He canny be any worse than Gamboa ?	Oot bevvying any chance he gets mate ......don't think you will see him in a first team shirt anytime soon ......could be wrong after Gamboas cock up last night	Foolish boy.He won't be at Celtic much longer,if that's the case.	others
4460	JUST WON THE LAST MAN STANDING PRIZE FROM Happy Friday!!!	OMFG CONGRATS GIRL! WHAT DID YOU WIN?	$1000 cash and 200,000 qantas points I go overseas next week too perfect timing!	others
4461	I’m trying to be healthier but I also really want donuts in the morning	Best time to eat bad is in the morning	Ok I’m convinced	others
4462	You know razenos getting lucky when you hop on xbox and see him on hulu instead of fortnite	Hows that new season	Haven't played fortnite in weeks lol	others
4463	Today St.Nicolas! Did you put your shoes in front of the door to receive a gift??	Did you hear the story where they had a heretic on trial and Saint Nicholas went up and punched him right in the face?	Must be a movieIs true that as child we had to be very brave in order to receive a gift from St Nicolas	others
4464	Fuck I’m literally trapped at home. I have no keys, no car, not even my fucking backpack for homework lmfaooo fuck	What happened lol	Wasted Wednesdays lmao	others
4465	Don’t get me wrong. I love a good grilled cheese. But I will take a quesadilla over a grilled cheese any day. And yes it’s probably because I’m Mexican	It’s also bc tortillas>bread	Not always true! I’ll put down a good French bread or herb slab like it’s nothing.	others
4466	I had a good morning workout but that’s the extent to my day hehe now I’m gonna sleep all my sorrows away cuz I have no motivation to do anything else.	bitch when are your finals	Tuesday and I had one yesterday and one Monday.	others
4467	I don’t wanna be that guy, but as an engineer I have to say it. It’s actually a concrete truck, not a cement truck. Cement is used to make concrete. Just trying to educate and inform.	So what you’re saying is... it carries cement (not concrete), but should not be called a cement truck?	No cement is one of 4 parts that comprise concrete, along with water, sand, and other particulate aggregates. Concrete trucks carry ready to pour concrete not cement. Therefore they should be called concrete trucks.	others
4468	Hey!! It’s that cutie from chick fila	Heyyaa	Heller girly! I’ll be seeing you next week for sure for my daily pick up haha	others
4469	alright whats the deal is sophie really dropping an album(s?) tonight	I thought she was dropping it on Christmas	her girlfriend said that more music was dropping with the physical release which comes out tomorrow but that was a while ago so idk of thats still true	others
4470	Bob Harris country on radio 2.... Epic	44 you are mind?????	Can’t beat a bit of C & W champ. Little mix your turning into peter stringfellow buddy	others
4471	Aziz, my little nephew  is a gift that i thank god for every single day. I love him from the bottom of my heart, he makes me the happiest person alive by just existing.  He loves cars and kiwi more than he loves me, and today HE TURNED 3  3 year old I DONT WANT HIM TO GROW	Happy birthday azizan	7yatiiii thank youuu	others
4472	"just turned off the ""quality filter"" (which i do not think existed when i was created) so if you asked for something and didn't get it... try asking again now thanks beep boop"	helo!	"helo from compy! check out ""horoscope"" mode, and look at the other images 4 more info! :]"	others
4473	new single via  mixed by (!) new tour dates w/    what a morning!	Gonna try to hit up the Santa Cruz show	amazing, i'll make sure you're on the list :)	others
4474	I was really in the hospital for almost a while as night as a patient that ducking sucked when I was supposed to work	I don’t understand anything you just said	Lmao I was in the hospital last night but as a patient	others
4475	I wasted this semester	How	I did nothing standout worthy	others
4476	Maine football has played one postseason game, is in the quarterfinals, and thinks they’re at the top of the CAA.  They’ve only played unranked Jacksonville State.	Everyone has to pull for their dumb asses though lol	IT IS A FREE COUNTRY	others
4477	Had a dream I met last night and it felt so damn real	Omg i dreamed i met her too! She was there and my family and i came out and everyone accepted me and when i woke up i cried a little because it felt so real but yeah real life isnt that easy...	Oh wow sounds like a great dream! You’ll get there, with a little time. Keep going	others
4478	Tech starts today for ‘The Princess and the Sprout’	It’s all looking amazing!	Thanks so much! It’s been such a brilliant process.	others
4479	In a mood... On a vibe... No one hmu	Girl what’d he do this time	Bitch he be acting ALLL type a ways	others
4480	how about going outside or being productive?	You’re asking them for too much	i’d have no one to laugh at so let them continue	others
4481	I’m gonna get another baby to love on this summer.	YAY!!!!	Thaaaaanks! I was so happy with Devin told me. June is gonna be the best.	others
4482	Anyone else want to try and insult me for no reason today?	I just want to say you're.................. fucking awesome... Sorry, I tried to but I can't insult YOU	I love you, Z!	others
4483	Ngl I hope someone dies so I can wear a suit	I will die	Tysm this means a lot to me sham	others
4484	My mother has been diagnosed with dementia and now has to permanently live in a nursing home. I am completely devastated, she is the last of her siblings. I now have to clean out her home and i am a fucking wreck	So sorry sending you love xoxo	Thank you I am trying my best to it together	others
4485	oomfs what should i draw on my mug :)	fads	i cant fuckin draw daph	others
4486	fleur is doing a trial AGAIN	she does all of them ia	why can’t she give other people a chance to do them lmao	others
4487	Possible small fracture... should get a call in the next few days with guidance on what to do but have this for now!	Oh fuck! (Sorry for the language) I hope you can recover soon, Aaron! Damn! I mean, this happens, yes... but for now you just need to rest! Plus, that will give you time to read and stay away from purchasing boxes! Right? RIGHT? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! XD	Hahaha not sure anything will stop me buying! May stop me building for now! Think I can paint though... maybe	others
4488	STATEMENT: I am profoundly disappointed in today’s ruling, not just as an appellant in this case or a reporter, but as a citizen of Canada. It is truly a dark day for press freedom around the globe at a time where journalism is unquestionably under attack everywhere.	Our national security should always come first!	Thanks, Ron. Super helpful. You really cleared this one up for me.	others
4489	Family asked for a discount, Filipino said No... Whole Island family vs 3 Fili’s.....  (Na jokes, a girl just pushed in line & it went off)  Bring back to Onehunga please girl at the end with her ugly as facials Relaaaaaaaax, it’s only Falai maukegi mate	Honestly this annoyed me SO much, words couldn’t even explain. That fob Bitch at the end though, omgaaaaard! Just wanted to PO HER face.	you should’ve just Po her! Cringe watching her yell at the poor guy sad cause there is a lot of them vs 3 pmo	others
4490	I need to be cute all day tomorrow from the morning to the night because 1 my daddy taking me on father / daughter date & 2 my cousin birthday party and I’m doing all this straight after work	Tell yo daddy I said hey.	Lol i got you	others
4491	where can I get help for activating sim? Been trying for 3 days and the helpline is not helpful	Hi Lim, what happens when you insert the SIM into an unlocked phone? Are you in the UK at the moment?	Top left of the phone I can see lycamobile. I can switch to Lte or 3G. However there is no data (can’t surf net) I am in France	others
4492	damn	23,000 minutes? casual	That’s like listening to an 8-minute song 8000 times	others
4493	“Yho, ufuna ndithini kengoku mna?”	Uyithandile le question	it’s straight to the point that’s why I love it so much.	others
4494	my aussie mutuals are about to wake up to a whole ass shit storm	I WOKE UP FOR THE SHIT STORM	omg i thought you were awake for it!	others
4495	Well it's so say hello to Chita. She lived to be 18. Though she was blind she knew the smells of fresh grass & the sound of birds. She passed away shortly after this video.. So when looking to adopt, senior cats make great pets too!	Oh what a gorgeous baby. She lived a long life because of you Gail. Because of all of the wonderful love and care you gave to her and all of your babies	Midge still wonders where she went..Bed buddies!	others
4496	[ hive wizard scream loop ]	What is this?!?	Pretty sure it’s a d1 wizard lmao	others
4497	a few days ago i saw people saying that donald was acting like he had alzheimers. how could you tell? seriously. he has acted so weird for so long. perhaps being a millionaire at age of 8 isn't such a good idea.	He does appear to have an issue (not sure it's Alzheimer's, but...). You can tell by mood swings, lack of focus, loss of words, disorientation (wandering), easily distracted, reported forgetfulness, etc. On top of that, he is a flaming malignant narcissist.	he doesn't just have a couple issues. he has several annual subscriptions worth!	others
4498	IM FINISHED	No way you’re talking about the painting from this morning	Yes ma’am I am I worked on it alllllll day today	others
4499	"what does ""oi"" means in your language??"	Yes	niiice, what's your first language?	others
4500	This being my day off, I got all goofed up on Fizzle Rocks.	I think you mean Fraggle Rock.	Shit man, no. I don't do Doozer anymore. That will fuck you UP.	others
4501	Let a lot of friendships go this last year. Only to put my time and energy into relationships that are gonna push me to be better and bring positivity and real genuine love into my life.	I u	I LOVE YOUUUU	others
4502	Coming out of Twitter retirement to say Air miles are a hoax. That’s all.	Because my dad didn't reply to an email they took thousands of air miles he's been saving for years	That’s not even cool	others
4503	Saying goodbye to my 20’s with a night of pizza, beer and hanging out with my bro. Haven’t started freaking out yet...guess there’s still time!	Can't wait to see you and to celebrate like it's 2008! xxx	I can’t wait to see you either!! I think 2008 birthday was house party at Llanbleddian and KJ made me that velvet worm toy?! - there’s an amazing photo of you with it somewhere!xxx	others
4504	My hometown shining!  Hurungwe mountain right there. Everyone who learnt at Murewa High saw it daily and carried it daily on their tie badge.. and blazers too	Mrs Mabika was your English teacher right?	Hahaha you got it!! Yes she was. During my form 1 and 2.	others
4505	I’M TRYNA INCREASE MY ISLAMIC KNOWLEDGE BUT HOW AND WHERE HELP ME	The book called “Heavenly ornaments”, it’s really interesting and legit covers nearly all the topics in Islam	thank you, I’ll search it!	others
4506	Whatever that is on your chin looks out of place	I hate u	I love you too	others
4507	I miss colorado mane i think im takin my ass back in april	420 vacay	Frfr im bout it	others
4508	it’ll be an absolute miracle if I pass my driving test first time	Don’t ask matt for any tips whatever you do	hahahaha oh god I definitely won’t be doing	others
4509	I’m gonna drink some eggnog. Fuck it!	It's YUMMY	It is! Here it’s called coquito.. from coconuts!	others
4510	i did the math once and found out that around 2.2lbs of pure/undilitued botox would be enough to kill every single person on this planet	sharing is caring	very hard to administer botox to 7.7bil people tho, it's not a very good evil genius plan	others
4511	we should’ve traded those assets for kawhi man smh kawhi and embiid would’ve been kobe and shaq lite	Spurs wanted Ben. We weren’t gonna get him for Roco and Dario unfortunately	i would’ve gave up ben asap	others
4512	the jimin of the twitter community	Wait,, what happened	someone said bts jimin is the jimin of the twitter community	others
4513	"Top Chef Sneak Peek: ""It's a Kentucky Derby Party!"""	Watching reruns on Bravo half the day	Lucky! I had to work	others
4514	in 9 days i will be a UNT alum...?alumnus...? alumna...? whatever. i’ll be a graduate.	Alumna - female singular Alumnus - male singular Alumnae - female plural (pronounced alum-nee) Alumni - male plural or mixed plural  20+ years of working in higher education alumni relations has seared this into my brain.  CONGRATS!	i’ve never had it explained before! this is amazing!	others
4515	Happened once. When I used to go to Buffalo Bills	have u no shame?	Why should I? In case someone slips up and wants to give me the d, imma be there to receive it.	others
4516	is there anything worse than completely humorless men who wear 'fun' novelty socks with their work clothes?	The ones who wear novelty ties. Ever seen a guy in a maga hat with a big, wide taz the tazmanian devil tie? I have. DC is weird.	yes, you're right. that is worse. i'm glad that NYC doesn't have much of that. what a nightmare.	others
4517	Brothels normal in other countries	I’m just thinking way beyond this like wyd really be going on	Big facts	others
4518	THAT'S IT. I'VE DECIDED.  It's raining so 3 things need to happen. 1. I need to get tacos 2. I need to then go to my coffee shop and get sipping chocolate  And  3. I need to work on my mystery book at said coffee shop. Yup.	This sounds like the most perfect day!	It's definitely turning out to be! IT NEVER RAINS HERE (thanks climate change)! I'm glad I don't have a job right now other than to write--since this is what I'd want to do all day anyway! heheh!	others
4519	Guess again	And I bet they paid good beer money for that.	But definitely saved his money for meth.	others
4520	I need to see Odesza again because I didn’t appreciate it as much as I should’ve the first time	I’ve been waiting so long for you to say this	I listened to them a lot today and like wtf how did I not their music is fucking beautiful	others
4521	"Time for a science joke! From the stream today with  ""What's a robot's favorite dessert?"" Raspberry Pi. Who has heard a good science joke lately? Share it with us! Bonus points if it's about space!"	Where do planets download music from? Neptunes.	That one DEFINITELY gets a bonus!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!	others
4522	WHAT	can’t believe it, genuinely upset	no you’re having me on, this is defo a joke xxxxx	others
4523	No	I dont brlieve yhat	All women don't...I've never had a plan b..when I'm in it ..I'm in it fr	others
4524	So what kind of reimbursement are we all getting?	We won’t get any, they will say it’s only been less than 24 hours without 4G for us but people in Wales still can’t get phone signal in the	Funny isn't it really. If a major company don't deliver a product to another company they have to cut the cost or repay the loss. For us minions, they can just mess us all around with no repercussions.	others
4525	I wish I could go back and rewind it all Replace it with the words that are true You have more than enough in you You are more than enough, it's true ~  (Two years progress and still going strong)	Like seriously LOOK WHAT YOU HAVE DONE IN 2 YEARS. Do you even know how much courage and bravery that takes? Look at how much life there is for you to live now, you’re so strong. And you did that with all your strength. That is so powerful and so brave .	I love you so much	others
4526	Fans are gonna freak the fuck out when Yasmany is the opening day starting first baseman. I'm here for it	Nah opening day center fielder.....	JFC now I'm gonna have to insert him there in and record how that goes for everyone to see	others
4527	Tomorrow errbody gone Smash	It was a beautiful day! And everyone was excited! There was a picknick and the whole Nintendo crew was invited!	I don't recognize the reference D:	others
4528	its called good music taste go look it up	It’s pretty easy to find, just go on my Spotify profile and you’re set	omg i just followed ur instructions... i didnt find it	others
4529	Our DISAGREEMENTS with 2019's Golden Globe Nominations: 1. No Collette, Hawke, Elliot or Phoenix 2. BLACK PANTHER for Drama 3. BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY for Drama & not Musical 4. CRAZY RICH ASIANS for anything 5. The Musical/Comedy category is still a thing 6. The entire Score category	Like I'm really disappointed like what	That's true. Haven't see Boy Erased yet! Need to see it!	others
4530	Michael Buble and Leo Varadkar are both in The Late Late Show tomorrow night. Don't say you weren't warned	I assumed you'd be out on the canvas for Leo.	Don't think I have ever voted FG tbh	others
4531	What happens Health on the day when you help run 12th	Is that it!!	Ha. Imagine if I had played and kept phone in pocket	others
4532	December 6...lost in this moment with you	AHHHHHH A BALLERINA!!!!! My ABSOLUTE FAVORITE BRIT!!!!! I love you and I love this!!!!!	It took forever to do this one but so glad you like it. Love you 2	others
4533	The 5th floor of my office building smells like Christmas. I could smell it from the elevator.	Happy holidays	Thank you. Same to y'all!	others
4534	"How come they taught me about ""heaven"" in Sunday School, but didn't teach me it in Science class in real school?"	Australian Government wants to change that in our public schools.  They want to indoctrinate kids in the ways of the Christian god by having religion reinstated.	That sucks. Going backward instead of forward in progress.	others
4535	Except this one, horribly, from malnutrition	If they weren't tested on animals, how do they know dogs will even eat them?	That...is a solid point lol	others
4536	Vets, he must be talking about animal doctors because our military veterans are still waiting on checks that might not even come.	Nope, not us either! My health insurance premium went up a crazy amount thanks to the tangerine wankmaggot.	Yeah I think the only people who are making out these days are the very rich.	others
4537	If you ain’t jumping out on the snow side on fortnite don’t even join my lobby.	you pussy	You pussy if you ain’t going	others
4538	Question of the Day: If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would you choose to eat?	Noodles any kind	Noodles are always a solid choice! Haha	others
4539	College feels like it was 20 lifetimes ago and it was last year	So tell me... about your skin regime. Please.	Clean & Clear, I only drink water, try to keep my diet balanced	others
4540	are they being for real	GET GUD	look at what i posted and look what you are saying. olodo	others
4541	im really sick and sad dila come hold my hand but also stay like 30ft away from me bc you'll get sick too uwu	im also really sick and i would like to hold u too i :(	aw sweet ,,, we can be sick together and sneeze and get snot everywhere and hold hands maybe	others
4542	There’s a Charissa Thompson Sex Tape?	Is it with jay Williams cause that's old,	Yeah I think so. I never knew about it but people were talkin about on here just now	others
4543	Didn’t use my heart this year....I’m so Numb.	Try Again next year?	What exactly I’m I trying?	others
4544	Yo crackheads ?	Aww we should have took a picture last night too!	Right these are the only ones I got	others
4545	apparently i can taste PTC	taste what	idk its just a test to see what people have a certain phenotype	others
4546	Hello stranger, you ok?	Still around sort of! Few days off work. Amazing feeling!	Cant beat a break from work, regardless of how much you enjoy your job	others
4547	I read an article about cow milk and became completely grossed out so I stopped drinking it a while ago, but DAMN I could really go for some milk and Oreos rn	Almond? Or Soy?	I need to try soy, but almond and cashew are my fav!	others
4548	WR granted an extra day to a team who forfeited but when some1 has to go to the hospital, they put their foot down on deadlines	Probably cuz y’all don’t need the help and making playoffs as first seat. WR always trying to accommodate so the health of whole league can compete. Those guys need the help. You guys are juggernauts. Im not saying it’s fair I’m just saying they doing best to keep everyone good.	Isn’t this tourney for money	others
4549	SCREAMING FROM EMBARRASSMENT	I saw this and was like “dalina’s girl is so hot” youre so cute ive made khalil playlists tru pisces queens..	Omg stop no way I’m still so shocked it wasn’t private the entire time like I swear it was!!!!! But yes...... we’re the best partners	others
4550	At the rate I’m going I’m going to have to order bridesmaids for my wedding	i’m still salty about this tweet	i love you	others
4551	HUGE NEWS! My first craft book is complete, looking fabulous and now available to pre-order on Amazon! If you love pom poms this is totally for you!!	Congratulations Katie! Looks amazing	Thank you Karen xx Fiction wasn’t working out for me so I tried my other passion instead	others
4552	"I really liked Bodyguard on Netflix, but the idea that Richard Madden is nominated for an award for his ""acting"" in it is beyond hysterical. His facial expression range only goes from confused to confused and mad."	Take a quick look at Masters of Florence. Narrower range there. And he gets to play in two different time frames.	I did enjoy this. He's pretty funny.	others
4553	G Day  Thanks to my teenage boyfriend for buying me this one!  Go West - Go West	When did you get a teenage boyfriend?...:)	Trust you to take it that way! Only a teenage girl would put up with a teenage boyfriend.	others
4554	I can't believe i haven't seen the new Suspiria yet I can't believe it isnt playing anywhere in this fucking country I am literally still not over this and I'm gonna CRY	Don't start...	Pls omniplex I’m begging you tbis is the last straw my family is dying pls help us this is my last wish:’(	others
4555	Excuse me	I gotchu Jordan	Now that’s a good friend	others
4556	dm if you have anything psn linkable and inavctive for sale got $3.75 looking for something decent with vbucks for season 7 if available	I have one with s7 already 40+ skins and scythe and it comes with psn account, but not 3.75 looking for 7.50+ check my recent	why ask me to check if you looking for $4 more than what i have smh	others
4557	Their u go to all the haters saying he not theGoAT	I don’t give a shit about sales	U don’t but clearly millions of other people do	others
4558	none that I know of. veganism has some of its own nutritional deficiency risks that have been identified and can be easily fixed, but I'm not aware of a substantial body of evidence for heart disease and cancer.	I can hear 's knuckles cracking already.	I might have a video about a vegan patient coming up soon	others
4559	I don’t even use Spotify I use Apple Music but	what are the two you blocked out	shhhhhh no one needs to know those it doesn’t fit my kpop agenda	others
4560	this jongdae was WHIPPED for this minseok but the latter didn’t care	Stop being a wh*re	DID I LIE??? daedae blew a kiss for him on national tv and minseok looked at him as if he raised 3 heads	others
4561	Hi Everybody! My name is Lois and I am in my new home. I’ve been at the Clarenville SPCA for four months! It was time for my Mommy and Daddy to come get me. I am very inquisitive and won’t let Mommy take a new pic yet but she will have her way lol!	Awww I’m so happy you decided to give another fur baby an incredible home she’s precious!	Thanks! She’s Dad’s girl already!	others
4562	When	That looks about right lol I will soon become the White Ranger and Saba yo ass	I can dance all day, I can dance all day! Try hittin' me.	others
4563	Can't believe I've had a tweet liked by 53 people. Wasn't even that funny!	They rarely are	Up to 93. Unbelievable!	others
4564	Look at all that beautiful brown. Whew chile... I done caught the vapors.	Holy shit what’s this movie?!	I don’t even know but I’m ready	others
4565	Well, three of the worst places to live in the UK are near me, and another, Huddersfield is where the Doctor was born. So that's nice.Eight of the top 10 are in the North. I wonder why?	Why are they the worst?	Indeed. That's the question.	others
4566	you stoopid	How, though? Provide receipts or take several seats.	lmao when you just bones all they will say is this is a man who lived his life as a woman	others
4567	Don’t text and Drive!	What school is this from??	W.T. Hall Center for Education	others
4568	Got shoah'd AGAIN.... refollow thx :)	You just gonna disappear on me like that?	Lol I disappear every 2 months but my @ will always be same, in numerical order	others
4569	i hate these sort of shirts	I know right	it's incredibly opressive and stereotypical among us gamers. we must begin a bloody revolution	others
4570	RAGA MA LUDOVICO È ATTIVO IN INCOGNITO! ha visualizzato la mia storia, lo adoro tantissimo oddio gesù	Ludovico Besse o Tersigni?	Besse Besse	others
4571	hi best friends YOU’RE ALL BEAUTIFUL x	I’m trash brandon soo I don’t know what u r talking about	no you’re not x	others
4572	Yesssssss	Good to know :) Isco & Asensio been getting too much slander recently, hopefully both can improve now & get more minutes	Yeah especially the jealous fans or when people can’t blame others they just find Isco to blame. Yeah I really hope they get more.	others
4573	Snow snow go away Come again NEVER NEVER COME BACK YOU ARE UNWANTED	There's no snow in the forecast, do not tempt fate!	I need it to not hit North SC either I gotta go to Dillon Sat	others
4574	If you don’t catch today’s podcast, our (my) main bets for are Joanna ex Champion to win at 3/1 and Ortega by KO at 7/1. Also small bet on Jimi to win by KO at 5/2. Your thoughts?	Why not just T-City inside the distance mate? The big dog to be on is Ansaroff! She’ll step up big style at the weekend.	On Ansaroff from when you tipped her a while back! Thoughts on Elias v Eryk? Elias on points?	others
4575	Well that was fast	oh?	Half of this weeks work is done klililli	others
4576	Me, ne oreng?	Lol akeo tshepe	Why? don't tell me that you want a pic	others
4577	are scorching the nets in+  leads a top-tier league in rebounding  is the best player on the best team  is avg 15/7 in	And you're a 15 & 10 guy at the Rock Road Genesis weekdays at noon!	I'm more of a 2 & 7 guy at the downtown Y for noonball now.	others
4578	I lost 3 points for being stupid	Damn it must suck being a dumbass	Yeah just look at you	others
4579	Lena Dunham is not funny, can she stop being talked about?	Again, I pose the question; Why is she still relevant?	I dont know, I just wish she would go away	others
4580	candy canes are so fire, why tf aren’t they sold year around	That’s what makes them so fire son	U right bro but damn	others
4581	apparently i can taste PTC	taste what	its like a chemical thatsput into a piece of paper that tastes like regular paper to some people but it tastes really bad to other people	others
4582	guys imagine being me, the most stressed person on planet earth ugh i'm glad yall can't relate i don't want you to suffer	I actually can relate ughhh	sis believe me u could never be as stressed as me but i'm sorry for the fact ur stressed in general u don't deserve that <3	others
4583	So now that I was able to get into my Instagram, because so many people reported it for me. I’ve been disabled for terms breaking this is fun	To be fair you kind of asked for it	Fight me	others
4584	Every conservation scientist should watch Hayao Miyazaki’s films, where he often depicts the conflict between humans and nature. Here is a piece I drew from one of his films: Laputa, Castle in the Sky. “The Earth speaks to all of us, and if we listen, we can understand.”	Recent discovery:	Oh wow, this is absolutely amazing! I have to make friends with the person who made this on Github.	others
4585	Now that tumblr is dying... Were will I find the furby content that keeps me alive ???	I'm pretty sure they won't disappear from tumblr uwu	I don't think I will login to tumblr anymore if 75% of my following are leaving the platform tbh	others
4586	this wouldn't have happened if wayf was in the setlist and y'all know it, she was fearless and powerful and she would've kept us all from descending into hell	very off topic but thank you very much for always blessing my tl with cat memes	t-thank you I try	others
4587	I wish people actually cared about me and I wish I had friends. I really do.	I CARE. YOUR FUCKING AWESOME	YOU'RE AWESOME ! THANK U ILY	others
4588	Happy 21st to my lala!! I hope you have the best day, hunny you deserve it	i love you thank you!!!	I love you!!	others
4589	Has anyone gone to check on this man?	I'm praying for him;  'for he will give his angels charge over him,  For jehovah jireh cares for him!!!'	Thanks	others
4590	1st match starting for the $10k, Let’s get it!!!	Luck my guy.	Ty brother got a shot can’t miss	others
4591	my period cramps are so bad today i might just go sleep right now i'm having a pretty rough day. praying tomorrow is better	i love you hope you feel better tomorrow	thank you sm	others
4592	This tweet is troubling to say the least. Girl gets bullied because of looks, so dad posts photo of girl to get strangers to reinforce her looks..... everyone in comments reinforcing that her worth relates to her looks & visual appeal	Not at all jade i did it not to get publicity but to show my daughter she's not who the bullies think she is but thank you for your comment	PS I also acknowledge that bullying is horrific and it's all good in theory and you do what you have to..... I do hope she is ok	others
4593	how did you find my account	Pengo	pengos a good boy	others
4594	Did she really post this on purpose or was her signal weak	I've seen this in a few other stories today, so i think it's a glitch	That’s too bad. It’s ruined a nice picture.	others
4595	The kingdom hearts series is slept on. It really is a well crafted rpg game series	Jacquelyn’s favorite	She’s got good taste	others
4596	i thought my iphone 7 was in ICU... glad i aint the only one.	i sure was bout to take this phone back to the store	i even started going thru the filters lmfao	others
4597	Good day people of the world! Just wanted to say you’re all beautiful but especially love you both	Is that heros actual Twitter?	Idk but imma show my thirst with it anyway	others
4598	But Succession	Was it shut out? That’s what it looks like from the article I read. If so, that’s a shame. One of the best things I’ve watched in the last couple years.	Kieran Culkin got a nod, but that was it :(	others
4599	If you keep your expectations low then the people that keep letting you down can’t hurt your feelings anymore	I feel you	I’ll give free amateur therapy tips for a 6 pack of dat Purp Haze	others
4600	—; “DID YOU KNOW THAT SANS IS THE LEADING STAR IN THE MINIONS MOVIE” —MY FRIEND IM FUCKING DEAD	//NO!O!O!O!O!O!	--; SHES MAKING A SKULL OUT OF ORANGE PEELS AND CALLING IT SANS NOW	others
4601	Ahhhh you’ve won so much, huh?	more games than carson	How far did he go in the playoffs again? Nick Foles has more career playoff wins than him, and more rings.	others
4602	I need to quit wearing little ass jackets outside like it ain't 30 degrees out	Girl me tooo	Dude its fucking w me	others
4603	Shelby comin back, ima be waiting like this	Lol stop it	Never	others
4604	can u please sponsor me	They are really good .. I'd support this move	thank u	others
4605	Taco Bell is my shit	And then is literally your shit when you done	It’s a cheap laxative	others
4606	Trash	You’re wrong	For every menu on that item i will give you a better joint in Chicago for half the price	others
4607	Huge thing happened today, passed my certification test & exam. Now a certified firefighter!! Off to EMT and Paramedic now	You can't fight fires, you're like 10.	I’ll remember that	others
4608	im getting hate from kods and sara just bc i dont like bounty can i get a solicitor pls	faith wtf bounty is great	im sorry my mouth disagrees :( i like coconut i just dont like bounty for some reason	others
4609	You fools,	Que	It’s an anime reference lol	others
4610	Idk why ya let me have a baby by Ty Beats	you’re annoying	I’m over it	others
4611	The art of small talk. Gift from dad	I suck so much	I must give you the how to guide	others
4612	*slowly backs away from	It was for a wendigo story, I swear.	I forgive you	others
4613	It's my crushs birthday today. Hapoy birthday dear crush	Thank you	Sorry wait ooo.  Let's not get things twisted so quick	others
4614	"MUH ""far-right"" & ""alt-right"""	Joe - A Fort MAC resident said that there are 3000 Middle Eastern men up in Cold Lake undergoing military training. Heard anything about this?	I have a heard this a few times but nothing substantial... ?	others
4615	Watched Youtube Rewind. Recognized only 2 youtubers, Ninja and Markiplier. I guess that is more than usual...lol	lol well done. have they ever asked you n Jen to be in it?	No, but I wouldn't want to be in it lol	others
4616	dells u and I are one sksksk	Kshdksh u know me and my snacking	boo i snack all day and call it my meal even if it’s small portions sksks	others
4617	I had a piece of leftover pizza and I feel like I’m gonna die now. I think it was too old. Whoops.	Leftover gambling is the only game of chance I wager on.	Haha it was ill advised	others
4618	The buku lineup is so good FUCK	you better be there	I already have ultra tickets and I don’t think I can do bothq	others
4619	I love the but the crowd is making me want to stop watching this year. That's not a good atmosphere, it's just a few complete drunktards making stupid noises. It's coming to something when you make American sports fans seem dignified	It’s what The Ryder Cup is becoming slowly. A stag do destination.	That's a pretty good analogy	others
4620	I wanna know how tf I got into all this	Lmfaoooo Bitchhhhh	I’m so confused bro	others
4621	goodnight, today was so nice <3	i love you i’m glad today was good to you	i love you too <3 it will get better, i promise	others
4622	she is going to kill me	I’m gonna try to use that quote but I know she’s gone whoop this ahh	Update: my professor let me take the exam and now I did not fail	others
4623	Wow my plug is really the best... he reminded me Gucci’s album drops at midnight and he’s gonna smoke me out after I get off. A TRUE MAN	You’re going to hell	I’m in hell right now	others
4624	How dare they how could faceapp make two really cute versions of me while out here looking like I got dropped as a baby	what does this MEAN	It means I need a beard ASAP or I’ll fight someone	others
4625	Naked.	Adorable.	You’re adorable. Such a cute face.. that I just want to sit on.	others
4626	Today, I'm pretty sure that I am a fucking turtle that sings nonsense and is an idiot. Yup...	Crazy Will strikes again.	Yup, crazy idiotic Will. That's me.	others
4627	Seeing so many people mock a condition as serious as Thoracic Outlet Syndrome is disappointing. You are the equivalent of human trash to stoop that low.	What’s this in reference too.	Markelle Fultz. A bunch of asshats mocking him and/or the condition altogether.	others
4628	Need 2 RB, 1WR and a Flex out of Dalvin Cook Mark Ingram P. Lindsay  J.Samuels Sutton Diggs Reynolds Funchess	Lindsay, Cook, Ingram and Diggs	You are on top of it today bro. Would you choices change in a 1 pt. Ppr league. Forgot to mention that.	others
4629	All I have to say to everyone about the kink sorter list is one thing: milk is good for you and you need calcium to make your bones strong	can I get the link too? :3	Open as a desktop webpage	others
4630	KFC’s new chips	I’d rather not you slag i meal off I paid for x	Nah you didnt like em either	others
4631	So we just gunna ignore the satanic shit under the titties ? Lmao	LMAO stop!	I’m just saying	others
4632	Hit me with the nice things :p	one of the nicest cats I know and I miss you lots, it's been literally forever!!!	It has and I hope we can change that soon :( *snugs*	others
4633	Fair play to him for having the guts to call them out. Oh he’s Scotty Sinclair ....	And Aberdeen don’t have or have had any black players.... fucking idiot like this mate	I know. Stupid. Hope one of the Aberdeen fans sticks the guy in.  Ps Santa tells me that he’s delivering my Christmas present around 22:00 on the 1st January 2019! I reckon you should ask for the same...	others
4634	That awkward moment when you create your own imagination of a creature in the darkness and it then becomes like reality	I think I've grown out of it over the years	I know right	others
4635	my au thread is sO messy bless any of the brave soldiers trying to navigate that LMAO there’s like 28292929 aus in there .. no categories... not even a divide between moodboard & au idea	Frick same...	it’s a tragedy	others
4636	I. Don't. Care. About. NYLANDER! He's been everywhere on my timeline for weeks. ENOUGH.	I hate that name so much now	I need to mute all these triggering words lol	others
4637	I think birth control is fucking up my life	Every bit of depthy science I’ve read on the subject says basically how bad it is for many reasons	The only thing it’s good at is keeping me from getting pregnant, but what good is that if it kills me one day	others
4638	I'm cutting my own hair rn. I'm bout to go from Rapunzel to Dora. Wish me luck everyone.	Ur mum ok with this ? RIP girl	Yeahhhh she's buzzing. She wants me to cut more!!	others
4639	Incredibly sick of uni atm	have paracetamol	Won’t help	others
4640	As if is still fucking down? No texts or calls let alone 4G.	Tinder not working?	Wheyyyy. I’ve had to endure actual human contact not shit chat with boys	others
4641	Today fear is high but didn’t mercury go into retrograde or something?	Do you buy that shit? I have no opinion personally.. I don't even know what it means	To some extent I do.	others
4642	skamit really threw a big fuck you to homophobes in italy i love that	el no way have i legit JUST realised you have eleonora as your icon wtheckers	i’ve had this icon for a month and you didn’t notice?? are u kidding me DSKSJJS	others
4643	Duh	me yesterday	I hate you lmao I told you not to nap when you got home	others
4644	THAT'S IT. I'VE DECIDED.  It's raining so 3 things need to happen. 1. I need to get tacos 2. I need to then go to my coffee shop and get sipping chocolate  And  3. I need to work on my mystery book at said coffee shop. Yup.	Tacos and hot chocolate sounds like ultimate comfort/writing food, you go girl!	THEY AREEE! And it's ot hot chocolate--it's SIPPING CHOCOLATE! Thick, rich, DELICIOUS CHOCOLATE that's definitely NOT hot chocolate. Hahah!	others
4645	New lower sash/case windows to withstand Porty northerlies - joiner explaining -ve impact of Brexit on timber prices (eg devaluation of sterling)	Can I ask who you used for your windows? I have the same northerly wind issue and need to get my windows replaced. Your new windows look very well done. Thank you.	A guy called Rick! Doesn’t advertise. Shall I email him and ask if I can give you his number?	others
4646	Yes indeed. Acosta's role in this alone screams for an inquiry. Let's find out who the participants were in Epstein's far flung pederast ring. Trump, Dershowitz and yes Bill Clinton are all fair game.	Seriously!! UK politicians are pretty bad, but it's usually financial corruption. Anything related to anything like this is a no-no. How are the Republican party not getting this.... A UK MP would be sent to prison never mind political wilderness	It should disqualifying anywhere...No Acosta resignation yet. Nary a peep besides Sasse from the GOP	others
4647	thank you for the past 592 days (´｡• ᵕ •｡`) ♡	PRETTY	thank u	others
4648	My mom was chatting about bts with me in the car today and she proudly said she knew the members’ names and then she said “joengkoek” and I laughed so hard I almost drove into a tree.	that is so adorable tho :( my mom cannot even	Unknowingly, bts made us both smile after such a rough day today and I’m so grateful ugh. Also, educate ur mom uwu	others
4649	Is it classed as a if it was only on Sunday? Meh. Sharing it anyway because it’s epic	I had the best time and it shows.	Like a pig in mud!	others
4650	Just got a black cab from London Waterloo to Great Ormond Street Hospital.  Cabbie wouldnt take money from us - he said all his Ormond St jobs are his way of helping the children.  What a wonderful kind gentleman. Too few like this in today's me me me culture...	Any name?	Nah mate. I called him top bloke...	others
4651	I feel like I need to broaden my emoji usage. I pretty much only use these - What’s an obscure one you use all the time?	Same I find it hard to use different ones	I’m stuck in an emoji rut	others
4652	I dropped my phone when I stepped out my car and went home lmao left it out for several minutes	stooooooopid	Fr my phone good tho	others
4653	Yo girl got her own space in a brand new gym where i will be providing services yooo I’m really my own boss dog!	Congratulations homie keep grinding	Thank you!	others
4654	hot dang i made a lot of progress this year !	GIRL THE PROGRESSION	I KNOW IM FLOORED I DIDNT KNOW IT WAS THIS DRASTIC	others
4655	I’m getting really frustrated with people who are just experts in their own opinions getting airtime. Let’s have educated people, experts, PHD graduates and folks who have direct experience dealing with topics at hand. Let’s raise the overall intelligence out there!!	If only educated people get airtime, you won't get any. Ok with that?	I’m very secure with my educational background and expertise. I also don’t seek or need airtime. I’m interested in consuming intellect, now, please go back under the bridge you came out from Troll!	others
4656	Hey	I know. I’ve supported their company in the past and this is what they do in return. Never acknowledged my tweets about completely ripping off my design but it’s fine.	That’s so disrespectful of them that they would do that because of how hard you worked on your merch.	others
4657	What my momma think this is????	You got it big money	I’m broke. Lol	others
4658	Good training session tonight with the colts u7s..lots of high tempo 1v1 and small sided games..even tried a bit of futsal which i think we'll do more of..could have delivered a few things better though..learning curve for next time!	Nice one mate, pretty sure we can always deliver our sessions better... it's not only the kids that are learning	Definately mate..had in my head and written down how i wanted it to go..just didnt turn out like that ha	others
4659	I am so sad, another of my real life heroes died this morning. My sis in law Carolyn has lost her battle with cancer. She fought it for over 10 years. I love her and will miss her positive spirit. RIP Carolyn	So sorry for your loss, Brenda ! I'm sending you hugs and love from France !	Thank you Chrys x	others
4660	Ariana Grande stans are the worst, @ me.	Stans?	"It's an online term for ""crazed fans"""	others
4661	A vital part of the 7-0 run last year	That 22-point effort against Quincy wasn’t too shabby either.	Agreed! If we only had the game tape! Thank you for all you for the girls sports program at WH!!!	others
4662	Ready for some drinks &	Filet minion?????	She’s kind of an idiot lmao	others
4663	Torn between I love this hair and Ew what?	Sem	Wait what's throwing you off??	others
4664	No it wasn’t, next	How sway	Bcus she wasn’t trying to be that bitch	others
4665	Who wants to have some fun?	Love harnesses!	Ahhh you’re adorable <:3	others
4666	This is the funniest tweet I’ve seen in a while	My culture is not a joke Kevin	Yes it is and it’s hilarious	others
4667	wait, what?	How I feel helping my wife edit her work notes and meeting minutes.	dude coughed up a cast of his bronchi made of coagulated blood. apparently this is something that happens sometimes(!)	others
4668	TODAY IS MY LAST DAY OF CLASS AS AN UNDERGRAD HOLY COW!!!	What’s your major	psychology / addiction studies !!	others
4669	It’s my birthday fallie’s23	happy birthday cousin, may your life be filled with happiness & sucess. xo	Thanks cousin you 2	others
4670	The Miami Heat have begun shopping C Hassan Whiteside via Miami would love cap relief at the minimum. Sacramento, Orlando and Charlotte are teams to watch.	why would Orlando trade for him.... they just drafted Bamba and Vuc is playing amazing	If assets are attached, say a 1st round pick for example.	others
4671	god damnit i finished my science class with an 89% and didn’t bother to do any extra credit bc i thought i’d fished with like an 85% i played myself	Dude fuck your teacher haha 89.. come on	the worst part is i only had to get a 60 on my final paper to keep my b so i half assed it. i got a 92 on the paper and if i had gotten a 94 i would have got a 90% lmaaaooo	others
4672	The	How late is it going on tonight? Wanted to bring my son down, but can't get there until 4:00 at least...	On the Mecum website, it says the following: As the number of vehicles crossing the auction block varies each day, we are unable to publish a specific end time for any day of the auction.	others
4673	"George W. Bush delivers tearful eulogy  As Bush delivered his powerfully emotional tribute to his father, it was easy to imagine Trump sitting there thinking how ""weak"" George looked as he ""cried like a baby""."	Wow, really !! Were you born an a$$hole or just grow up to be one ?? It's a Presidents funeral and you still can't let it go. Grow up already.	Hey Rick. Let this go....	others
4674	rip Pete Shelley	wow, loved the buzzcocks, poor pete, i was just watching the documentary about how they brought the sex pistols to manchester	Feel fortunate now to have seen them a couple of years back at The Roundhouse for their 40th year	others
4675	lol serious but nothing to do with slow horses or fast women. Gonna make a comeback ,been out to long.hear the young guy starting with me done Dublin Marathon 2 56 he has the stamina I’ve the know how	That sounds like a winning combo! Welcome back!!! Same address???	No , we conquered south her tips didn’t help with my retirement lol	others
4676	I need to throw a plastic surgery party	Make sure u send me an invite	Lmaooo gotcha	others
4677	"This is from two years ago ,but I know my Eve Love you !! Watch ""Interview with Lucas Till and George Eads at SDCC 2016 (Macgyver)"" on YouTube -"	Happy MacFriday Eve Sharon and my ...Love this interview with Lucas and George which was so amazing to watch. Thank you for sharing this my friend and I hope you & everyone had a great day! Love you all!	My pleasure Gale !! So excited for tomorrow night's Episode!! Happy so much fun to watch.. Have a beautiful evening!! We got the big Episode tomorrow night .. Love you!!	others
4678	considering I’m the most PARANOID person on this planet, I sure am addicted to true crime podcasts	what’s your favorite one?? I wanna get into them	I’m sure you’ve heard of Serial but it’s soooooo good and addicting you should start with that one! I also like My Favorite Murder (more comedic) and listened to Sword and Scale a few times but it’s pretty intense haha I heard Dr. Death is good too!	others
4679	Reynardine hesitated. “Uh, Guin, King Arthur’s wife. She does not like me.” “Cause you’re a smarmy manho?” “More or less. After I seduced Arthur, things got pretty rocky between us.” Caldyr blinked twice and then went to the kitchen for a cup of tea.	Reynardine!!!	Thank you! Yeah, he’s awesome. Pulled this from this year’s Christmas tale, too	others
4680	Nah bc sometimes time matters and you need to be online premium economy will give wifi nd enough desk room to write tho	I fly business for any flight over 3 hours if I need to get off the plane and do something / go straight to a meeting. I used to do 48-hour trips to US and Australia so no, not going economy fml.	yeah I basically have to be SO organised so when I can afford I'll fly business/premium economy so i can travel comfy in my suit or whatever aha	others
4681	Like how are you hateful AND dumb at the same time	Men think we are a prize to be won, property. So of course if you’re pretty, single, and pregnant that rubs them wrong	The crazy part is, we don’t even know if she’s single! They’re projecting their hate of women and just creating scenarios	others
4682	I mean at least the good thing about your last meeting finishing at 2000 is that the traffic isn’t too bad on the way home.	Remember to go via bottle store.... methinks something along the lines of tequila might be needed for BBCQT tonight!	I’ll be in bed by then. I’m fucking shattered.	others
4683	Whaaaat? Harris liked my tweet?!!!! OMG I don't even expect that he see my tweet!! I really hope he'll come to Saudi Arabia soon	Omgggg he likeddddd Congrats lurvvvvvvv	Yesss OMG thank yooooou lurrrrrv	others
4684	Not sure how much It costs to bash together each year but if my timeline’s anything to go by must be one of the most cost effective promo ideas in the modern music industry	I am completely obsessed with it, start thinking about what songs are gonna appear in my top 100 from, like, February. I like how they provide different types of stats each year too	Was disappointed my Top 100 seemed to malfunction this year. Loads of stuff I’ve only listened to once etc etc	others
4685	I brought my PlayStation who want smoke	Im be realbwith you chief you could had use a better caption	You’re clearly a Twitter pro so I’ll listen.	others
4686	Since it’s winter, I’m not giving a fuck about grooming, not in the mood to look pretty, and all I want to do is make myself fun till summer.	A treasure trail never looked so snuggly.	that literally gave me butterflies for a second. Hahaha.	others
4687	Hey everyone! We have been nominated for our new Trinity-10 Advanced Robotic Line Array in the 2019 ProSoundWeb Readers’ Choice Awards. If you could please take a minute to follow the link and give us a vote it would mean the world to us! VOTING LINK:	Got you fam	thank you!	others
4688	this>>>>>>>	maaaaan that game done pissed me off a couple times .	What game is it bc i need to play	others
4689	Good morning from Yoshi and LuLu	Lulu’s nose looks dry.	It is. Trying to figure out if there's something we can do	others
4690	My son is refusing to go to bed because the wheels on the bus go round and round	He’s not wrong tbf	I still don’t see why that means he can’t go to bed tho	others
4691	My aesthetic is cute waifus who control water	If you refer to Squirtle as a waifu you Are A Furry	Isn’t it more of a Scaley?	others
4692	Ok so who can break this down for me? Is MP Mamombe a small house or 2nd wife. Not that it matters, but she is an elected MP & the pple want to know their MP	I think as long as Matigary does not reveal his real identify he has no right to comment on these issues. You could be doing worse, your advantage no one knows who you are.	As long as you don’t reveal yours and think i must reveal whatever you imagine is unrevealed, I have no time for you,	others
4693	a7bkm bye	A7bch bye	moreeee bye	others
4694	I’ve kept down Gatorade and mini saltines. BOOM	...........	I still have the baby proofer in my arm, but those pictures of Mags make me want to cut it out.	others
4695	owo I did this ages ago but I wanna do this again	you’re really sweet and I love your account, you’re really pretty too !	:o you so kind ty XX Ilysm frend	others
4696	Attention Ely/Babbitt customers: We are aware of an outage affecting services in your area. Crews are working on it right now, but we don’t have an ETA on repairs. We are sorry for the inconvenience we know this causes you. We will post more updates as they are available.	This annoys me. Every week....	Hi, Luke! I'm so sorry you're affected by the outage today. I'd be happy to set you up with a callback, if you would please DM your service address and phone number. Thanks. -Hannah	others
4697	Drinking a Guinness with a late lunch and enjoying the annual tradition that is the Boner Awards. “..human pedal tavern Kid Rock.”  Well done, . Well done.	That was my favorite line out of the whole thing, and I strongly suspect it's the work of recapper extraordinaire .	I was at risk of snorting my pint back out through my nose. I always love these awards but this year is exceptional. Some beautifully sharp commentary.	others
4698	Bed, book, sleep - peaceful night to all x	Night Susie x	Sweet dreams Sue x	others
4699	So first you placed my upgrade order and I waited in all day for	We don't seem to have received an email from you Ruth, did you send us one? DM us more, we'd like to help.	2. I'm basically just telling you that for most of the day I've had the issue. Was there any point in emailing? I think you're aware of the issue.	others
4700	"I know it might be weird to imagine, but if I don't know you very well and you make a ""joke"" regarding my disability I'm probably not going to have a very kind reaction Yes, I make jokes about MYSELF about MY disease, because they are at my own personal expense"	Hey hope I never made u feel bad! You’re funny and great even w/out those darn legs!	Nah you haven't to my knowledge :3	others
4701	I’m gone step. Search: “Midnight Knitted Booties”	They’re sold out only on my size will they restock?	I hate when that happens. They probably will, but it won’t be until pre fall 2019, sorry.	others
4702	I don't have the pngs but I have Nuketown made in creative	Can we see?	Just the outline have a lot to finish	others
4703	Anyone got any updates on the	my 3g has come back but idk about my 4g yet	My 3G literally just came back as I got your notification it’s honestly a joke. Got a new phone with Vodafone this morning. It’s like I knew this was gonna happen	others
4704	It’s a flash-flood zone around Mater Dei today!! But the forecast for Saturday’s CA State Championship Game is for clear skies!	Scott,will the game be televised?	Yes, don’t know details	others
4705	So uh I know nothing about critical role but ,,, Molly's coat	you absolute madman	it's the embroidery dude. It's	others
4706	thank you for the past 592 days (´｡• ᵕ •｡`) ♡	sooo pretty :(((((	thank u	others
4707	AAAAAAAAAAA	OMG!!!!!	THEY. HERE!!!!!!!	others
4708	Got a hypothetical You can, at any time, split into clones of yourself to get more things done at once and you can switch between bodies at any time, but the caveat is that you all share the same energy pool, requiring more frequent rest. Do you take this ability?	The world doesn’t need two of me. I am more than enough.	Hah fair enough	others
4709	Between today and the podcast with the crunch zone guys, I’ve realized that I could easily talk about football for a full day and I probably wouldn’t even notice the day went by.	You did a great job on R&R. I was hoping to hear you more on the local high school angle.	That was the plan. I was a little long winded on the coach stuff.	others
4710	I post this video link every Christmas and new year, Enjoy..	Aha got to love slipknot	Definitely. I've got the 3 LP and DVD limited edition Day of The Gusano set on my christmas list	others
4711	[] Cuuuute!	|| Thank you!	[] You're welcome!	others
4712	Wow the was so underwhelming	im already half way through it and this is so fucking stupid	I think the only part I enjoyed was when the animators did the in my feelings challenge	others
4713	are you doing hedgehope?!	Yes. Barry should have added me but he usually forgets Did you know thee and me are sweeping the deurgar?	Aha! I did request to do it & I was hoping you would be as well	others
4714	LOOK AT MY TWO BABIES OMG SKSKKSSKKS	HEHEHE	y’all are so cute ily	others
4715	It’s time for an ink session	What did you get	A tattoo	others
4716	I got that same text this morning	So this one of them hack txt	Yeah it gotta be. I deleted it right away	others
4717	Suprised my mom at job, she wasn’t expecting me to come a few days early	Happy for you bro keep making the fam proud	Thanks bro, you know I got to	others
4718	hi is there any updates on the art book and audio cd from the backer kit please	Hi there! We'll be emailing backers once they begin to ship out.	I’m a backer is do u know when u are shipping out please	others
4719	(silent scream) it is.. my birthday!! 22......	HAPPY BIRTHDAY ORO MATE!!! HAVE AN ABSOLUTELY SWEET DAY!!!!	THANKS DUDE!!! When I am 8483938 years old and the passage of time has crumbled away everybody I once knew into dust, I will remember you	others
4720	He like 5 that shit gone now fxnk	Already know it I faced the moet last night too	i know what’s going on mane i flooded my ig story go look at that junt	others
4721	Ich kann den Avengers 4 Trailer echt kaum erwarten Man erfährt endlich den Namen und wann er spielt und ugh I'm not ready	Oder vielleicht auch nicht xD	Als ob	others
4722	Give Mogga a warm welcome then beat his team. That seems the ideal scenario on Saturday	Do you think he would manage Boro again? Just thinking post Pulis. Give him a more fair crack of the whip. I don’t imagine he’d turn it down. Depends if Gibson would put him through it again.	Can’t see it happening.	others
4723	"to all the persons who have ""laukook"" or ""laukoo"" in their tn, i love you from the bottom of my heart"	i have laukoo in my heart	i love you	others
4724	you are my sunshine, my only sunshine.	you make me happyyyyy when skies are gray	you'll never know dear how much i love you	others
4725	"If you haven't seen ""A Face in the Crowd,"" or haven't seen it in years, watch it right now."	It's a remarkably important film with remarkable performances: Griffith, Neal, Matthau, and a nubile Lee Remick making her film debut.	It really is, and my favorite of a favorite director.	others
4726	man I still can’t believe I’m reuniting with nhc next year	OH MY GOD, WHEN YOU DO PLEASE SPILL EVERYTHING	I WILL I PROMOSE	others
4727	Left overs! Might as well Cheers	Leftovers?	Aye and there’s one a missed no even cracked open yet	others
4728	"Help, I accidentally blurted out ""oh come on!"" when a colleague started talking about how her teenage son makes her iron his underpants and now she's mad at me."	Her anger is misdirected imho	I agree with you, and, by extension, myself.	others
4729	I’d totally stick my tongue to that pole -Canadians sexting	And put a litt extra powdered sugar on that beaver tail! Lol	Naughty boy	others
4730	Rodrick Heffley was found dead in the alleyway behind a Jimmy John's after uncontrollably shitting himself to death. His legacy will be carried on by his 3 children and estranged husband	Where you in YouTube Rewind?	i was in twitter rewind	others
4731	AN EXPIRED CERTIFICATE???? Holy actual fuckballs, that is astonishing.	Ooh. I work for a telco. Not O2. That’s terrifying.	seriously scary, isn't it?? An expired cert, of all the avoidable things!	others
4732	Y all Puerto Ricans look the same this dude look just like Marc Anthony 20 years ago	Russels Puerto Rican? LOL	Yuhh	others
4733	If you don’t want a player like Harper or Machado (who are both younger than Aaron Judge) on your team, you need to check yourself into the psych ward.	Are these guys great situational hitters? Cuz unless they will help eliminate the dismal number of runners left on base then we don't need them. Can they manage? Can they pitch? Can they teach defensive fundamentals?	Machado is an above average hitter and a gold glove winning 3B.	others
4734	This one time I didn’t say sorry when I thought it wasn’t my mistake and my friend sent me Ayushman Khurana’s tweet that said, ‘Aik laraai harjaa. Aik rishta bachalay’ and asked me to learn something from it. Aisay kon karta hai yaar.	Ashfaq ahmed ka kuch isi type ka quote tha.	Hahah. Seriously? Like, that was a copied tweet? :p	others
4735	I have something to ask you	Sure,ask me~	*she gets down on one knee, holding out a small black box, she opens up said box, and inside is a diamond ring* Dawn...Will you marry me?	others
4736	Hmm one year ending and another beginning soon, I’m feeling odd, like I need a rebrand, who am I? What am I doing? Shit, I dunno.	Totally get how you feel, it is whatever you feel comfortable with. People will also buy into you and your glowing and honest personality On another positive note I've followed you on	Thank you so much Chris, on both things! Yay for that. I don’t even know what that thing I feel comfortable with is.	others
4737	New Guy uses 'noshes off' and 'boning' as sexual verbs. He just described his ideal holiday as 'Mexico right in the middle of Spring Break'.  He is 37.	Fuck off. 37! From your frequent descriptions i had him as 25 max	Yea this seems to be a common feeling.	others
4738	so fetus justin bieber has a name	that uh block button looks pretty good	do it u wont	others
4739	You saw that we didn’t have any ties to that case but still picked Duke.....	Lmaoooo	Nigga was never going to Miami	others
4740	My movies will be so much better now this is gonna be	Excited for the future videos brother!	gonna be working on it soon man	others
4741	My daughter was an elementary teacher for 20 years and now has 7 adopted special children under the age of 7... She just received their copy of 'Oswald the Onion Finds a Friend' and loves loves the message. Thank you for sharing and congratulations. I WILL POST A REVIEW!	What an AMAZING daughter you have, Karen! And what am amazing family *she* must have	Thank you, yes she is Amazing (she also has a 21 yr old daughter that is a married and pregnant college student) they make my heart smile.	others
4742	Cant wait for the single elim games tomorrow. Thats when competitive madden begins	When does single elim start?	Same time tomorrow	others
4743	You Bahamian?	by blood lol. My daddy is a Bahamian and I was born there (and got passport)	That’s coool	others
4744	Dime Bag	What!?!?!? School Me Jerz!!!!	Ok so this the song and as soon as I heard it I was heated... like it’s just a stripped version of the original song.	others
4745	Wow, this is so awesome.	I learned so much in just a single tweet. Ms Black was a famous singer while I was growing up, I'm so pleased to see she became a politician to push for socially issues.	wow. She's a singer?	others
4746	y’all actually listen to fucking bazzi in 2018??	his songs are good i-	he makes such basic music like- out of all the talented artists to make famous y’all pick him?????	others
4747	I think parsnips are underappreciated.	They contain psoralens, natural photo-activated mutagens.	Is it a good thing?	others
4748	My boss and I get distracted so fast. One minute we’re talking about a job then food and now we’re looking at elf costumes for her cat and dog	No wonder our checks be late smh	Lmao nah. Apparently we can’t give you your check until 5	others
4749	Down getting aff his wee beaut	Dear Lizanne, a wee cracker, what a little angel, I love them at that age, could just eat them all up, your very lucky, and I’ll bet you my last dollar, you’ll spoil her rotten, great stuff, have s wonderful time, Al. XXX	Thank you Al aye he will b spoiled like the rest xxx	others
4750	What is missing from current crypto exchanges that you most wish to see? Let us know in the comments	On chart trading. OCO orders. Customizable sections (sizing and location). Customer trust.	We have the first three down pretty well. Tradingview in exchange, OCO. Sections can't be moved but can be expanded and customized to an extent. We're also doing everything we can to be authentic and build trust, providing an honest trading experience. Thanks for the response!	others
4751	Sorry guys I've not been on here or anywhere really, been in hospital and will be out in a few dayshope you're all keeping well and happy gaming!!	I hope you are feeling better than before stay strong	Thank you!! I'm getting there bit by bit, hopefully be out soon and get back on track :)	others
4752	Mary Elizabeth Winstead is TOO GOOD for hollywood!!!!	yes she is and wishing from my heart to be nominate for TOO	Unfortunately she didnt get a Golden Globe nomination(not that I was expecting it to happen in the first place)and she most certainly wont be nommed for an oscar,no way.A hunk of metal should be never an indicator of how much talent an actor has.Mary is living proof of this truth	others
4753	10pm now and I plan to stay up and watch the game awards from 2.30-5am	All for hopes of seeing a little bounty hunter	there's other cool stuff i want to see. like dmc v, dragon age, crash racing etc	others
4754	uh excuse me white man don’t @ me ever again lol thnx in advance	They just mentioned me tew and I hit da block. Cause why lmao	lol like first of all sergio, get lost.	others
4755	Far from underrated, under appreciated MAYBE if you ever smoked weed in ya life you should know Spitta the rawest wit the BEST beat selection of all time	Bruh if NOTHING else you know the beats gon slap that’s a fact	Extendo facts	others
4756	I need to stop imagining scenarios in my head that have a -2% chance of happening it’s becoming a problem	Relative shiit I've read today.	You know brother.	others
4757	a few days ago i saw people saying that donald was acting like he had alzheimers. how could you tell? seriously. he has acted so weird for so long. perhaps being a millionaire at age of 8 isn't such a good idea.	Sometimes cliches’ are spot on. Money doesn’t always buy happiness. Sometimes it buys insanelyness ! I wonder if he could have been even remotely normal if not born into $ ?	just said about 20 minutes ago, maybe being a millionaire at age 8 isn't such a good idea	others
4758	Well you told me to change at one time and I said I would never. I’m glad you learning from me. Your welcome lol	Lol no, I meant change in a different way. Some people seriously do need to change but maybe they think like me about themselves.	Lmao umm. Well I’m sure some do. Like me I would never change in any way never.	others
4759	This how niggas be in front of females when his homie ask for change for a 10	“You got change for $20 bruh? I only got hundreds”	Like boy we don’t care	others
4760	Hey, how much??	$70	i'll take it!	others
4761	Sonic really hates giving sauces.	They are his sauces and he doesn't feel like sharing	I'm gonna beat sonics ass.	others
4762	Has anyone tried prime Raul ?	What about George best? Have you tried him?	He’s ok	others
4763	En route to Boston...	Oh, what's in Boston?	"Some friends. Some foods. And an amateur production of ""Grey Gardens"" that a friend of mine is conducting."	others
4764	which is worse  canvas or blackboard	blackboard	on me, blackboard hated my ass. i couldn't navigate it or turn anything in	others
4765	Cannot believe I went into Hotter to collect a pair of old lady sandals for my 80 year old gran's Christmas and she asked me I wanted to try them on. Can't wait to wear them with my Topshop fur and Michael Kors bag x	I wore gran’s shoes when shopping in Washington DC! Don’t knock it	Pfffft it's a no from me	others
4766	One of the only songs Ive liked as soon as I heard it is 1979 - The Smashing Pumpkins	That is so tragic	I have to listen to a song atleast 10 times before i decide if i like it	others
4767	We are here for a good time not a long time	This is how people die Carla.	It happens	others
4768	i got to the hospital two hours ago, and stopped at the cafe for food... it just so happened to be their holiday meal day.  stuffed chicken, salad, ham, mashed potatoes? yum! lol	Good food is always a good reason to go somewhere, or stop somewhere	i didn’t think the hospital cafeteria would be that good. but it wasn’t bad	others
4769	3 best Hearts away days that I have experienced outwith Hampden 1. Anfield 2. Obua Derby 3. Sow game at Ibrox	mind when obua pretended to shoot the hibs fans hahahaha	What a performance that day from Obua that upfront. He was class in the home derby just before it as well. It was a masterstroke by JJ moving him upfront as he was humpty on the wing and attacking mid.	others
4770	My mind is being dumb again so bsd stans please help: is “Yosano” her given or family name bc i’m literally about to bang my head into the nearest wall hhhhhhh	Yosano is her family name, Akiko is her given name.	i thought so but i ended up over-thinking it and got confused Thank you!	others
4771	Just finished a book. Wow! It’s taken me two years to read it cover to cover. I guess it’s better than the 7 years it took the author.	Rating out of 10?	Damn! The ending alone makes me wanna give it below 7. I’m still considering the final rating.	others
4772	Did you have your kids names picked out way before you had kids... and then had kids and named them something else??	Yup. But my husband and I hardly agree on any names soooo that's the main reason	Idk why but way before I met my BD I had wanted to name my daughter Chloe Cordelia and I had more boy names picked because I only wanted boys and ended up with 2 girls but I have boy names ready lol	others
4773	Most likely what you heard were high heels	My mom heard two shooters from different angles and my friend was held captive by someone at Caesar’s who had a gun There was more than one person Priscilla	at Caesar’s have t heard anything about that and that’s scary	others
4774	wats good bro	Wats good Man U home	Yea man been home since October 19 u didn't know?	others
4775	weekend finna be a movie	Not if you’re coming here	I’m not	others
4776	Riverdale is NOTHING like the Archie comics. It's an over-dramatic representation riddled with pointless fan fodder and now what? There's sacrifices and hauntings?  Puhlease. It's like a sickly sweet and bad Supernatural knock off. Fight me.	The only thing the show has going for it is... it's pretty to watch. That's about it.	Pretty to watch?	others
4777	People actually go the shop for a loaf n if their not back within the hour there on granada reports fuck me my arl fella took us to morcambe for a day out n left us in frontier land why he got the coach back the quarry green club. Fucking amateurs!!!!	But frontier land was boss, remember we used to go there and we'd lose everything from time of the day to who we was with!	Lad it was the best days ever weren’t it? My best life that lad	others
4778	BIG TIDDY GOTH GF	~~oh, and who are you refering to?~~	some chick with a spike choker	others
4779	I want a job where I can work from home I hate leaving the house now a day's	Stocks	I might have to try that I rather be at home working on my dream	others
4780	david dobrick isint a us citizen????	i see you watched his wired autocomplete video	i lies i already knew from his vlogs but this gave me an excuse to talk about it	others
4781	Giving good talks is really hard. I've given five talks in grad school so far: 1. Math club talk: OK 2. Commutative algebra seminar: BAD 3. Student number theory seminar: OK 4. Student algebraic geometry seminar: 5. Student combinatorics seminar: BAD I cared most about 2.	What was bad about it?	For both 2 and 5, my content was too elementary. Oh also, good board work is an art that I should get better at. What's worse, 2 was in front of faculty about my own research vs. 5 was a student seminar.	others
4782	What do you do after you commission	That's an incredible piece.	Thanks! I agree. Absolutely love it! Currently having Glenn Whitmore color a copy! Can’t wait to see how it turns out!!	others
4783	"Okay I was tagged by for 3 songs, 5 tags-- ""Severed Goddess Hand"" Meat Puppets ""Big Barn Bed"" Paul McCartney ""Gorge Upon My Soul"" Skeletonwitch I tag"	Thanks ! I never got tagged but I'll play Thursday - Concealer Poison the Well - Nerdy Funeral Oraition - Outside 3 songs 5 friends. GO	Oh sweet! CRAP then who tagged me haha. I was sure it was you Thursday and PTW! That takes me back. I went to school with the drummer of PTW-- nice guy. Hah. We used to hang at lunch	others
4784	I ain’t ever been more disgusted then seeing this nigga lineup	so that nigga don’t look like Eddie Murphy	exactly like that nigga	others
4785	Yo	aren't these zombies pack a punch camos in IX ?	I don't play zombies so idk	others
4786	Need to escape the winter chill?	Best meal, service, view on the island !!	Hey Woody, thank you so much for the kind words! Believe you promised us a visit this week.	others
4787	why cant i log into my online shop..just keeps saying oops try again later!	Hi there, sorry Alison! Could you try clearing your cache and cookies please? Robbie	This is what it says	others
4788	i just did a thing!	Whuuuut???	YES! I did it!!	others
4789	Tomorrow would have been my Dad's birthday, I miss him every single day. I'm so proud to work for a company like	Thinking of you Jack x	You're a good man, Robbo.	others
4790	So he basically deleted his tweet... whenever I quote in most cases it's deleted	Account suspended	I'm not talking about Abhi.. I was checking old tweets of mine.	others
4791	idontwannadrivetowork idontwannadrivetowork	i’ll take u	u said u were busy..but ok say less ;) mom making food too if u hungry	others
4792	vamos brincar  escreve “a loira do spoiler vai..” e deixa o corretor formar a frase	a loira do spoiler vai ser tipo a barbie good	BARBIE GOOD KKKAHDAUXYAYD	others
4793	I hope I come back as a tree in my next life.	What kind	A rainbow eucalyptus but I'm not picky	others
4794	You must FW that jacket.	I don’t that shit ugly	You fugging ugly.	others
4795	Proud of you my Queen!	Thanks sis	You’re welcome!	others
4796	Nice tits, nice face without makeup and probably has the banter to back it up... the perfect woman	A mean a wouldn’t want our lass posting pics of her tits all owa twitter but she’s alright a suppose hahah	A minor issue	others
4797	This looks like a scam. It’s a scam, right? Not clicking.	Probably not a great idea showing your exact location to twitter	I’m not there anymore. The drone strike will be a failure.	others
4798	anyone interested in a european go for the bt21 X reebok collab? we are currently looking into it!	I need to to see all the shoes pics first and rough prices	we won’t be doing a go anymore! they’re really expensive and the customs on them will be insane ><	others
4799	So was enormous, toe-tapping fun, with some really stellar design - proper scary ghost of Christmas Past!	whenever I see any adaptation of A Christmas Carol - even the Muppets - I realise I've forgotten how scary it can be. (btw your Christmas present was delivered to Gemma! Amazon told me!)	Yes, also I *always* cry over Tiny Tim and tonight was no exception...	others
4800	I hope that all my friends know which one I am.	I have you pegged as a melter like me. No?	Interesting. Please don't credit it to my philosophical character, but I have OCD and like to clean things.	others
4801	ʰᶦ	hello	i love u	others
4802	Bfs logic is wearing a sweater one time and putting it in the dirty clothes then repeating that 7 days a week.	Then I must be disgusting because I wear them for a minute	I knew i hated you......	others
4803	Disney trip anyone? Never been, great time to start.	HELLO YES I AM ALREADY GOING	Apparently not a California thing? GRRRR	others
4804	"That little chuckle Omarion does at the start of ""Touch"" blows me every time lol"	chill lmaoooo	I be dead Everytime it come on shuffle	others
4805	Just cuz y’all can’t, Does not mean it’s not possible lol	it’s definitely possible for everyone when you don’t like somebody that much	Just more for men. have only met 2 jawns who was like that and they ended up still catching feelings! It’s in y’all DNA lol	others
4806	here’s that wig year in review i said i’d make i think the anya wig is still the one im most proud of, cause i learned so much while doing it!	THESE ARE ALL SO TIGHT ASF !!! damn youre super good at wigs! If u opened commissions im sure a lot of ppl would be happy!!	TY SO MUCH!! id really like to open commissions soon i just havent had enough time lately rip	others
4807	my birthday is a week from today and i would really like that new game they’re calling “stardew valley but with cats”	excuse me what is this and where do i buy it	it’s called cattails and i think it might be on steam. it’s also on the switch	others
4808	The Human says he is seriously considering ordering a second meal. I’ve had my 150g of ground up beak and coxcomb.	Maybe the 2nd meal is for you?	If so I would like to try a “mixed grill”	others
4809	I was interviewed by	I followed the link, but couldn't find the interview... I ended up listening to LunarElf's 'The wind Cries Mary' LunarElf... insanely good stuff. Phenomenal.	Oh you have to click on the picture that’s stupid I will add an obvious link :-). Glad you like the music though	others
4810	Just finished the talkHere are the slides about some of the tricks that we use in	Is there a blog post or something else which goes into more details?	"That's a great idea! Haven't written one yet as it was a ""just"" a presentation, but I agree that these things would make for an awesome blog series"	others
4811	“I want to teach middle school first cause it’s only two years, so you don’t have to care about them too much.” -  I AM DECEASED	HAPPY BIRTHDAY, SARAH!!!!!	THANK YOUUU	others
4812	C a s h i t ! FH!	Huh? First half where..the game still going on	My bad i didn’t stated well..	others
4813	you wanted a cover so i delivered!  song is holiday by green day	This is one of my all time favorite songs and I love your voice	tysm!! i only just saw this cause twitter never notifies me on anythin but this means a lot to me :))	others
4814	PINOF 10 TOMORROW AND ILL PROBABLY WONT BE ABLE TO SEE IT	Wait oh my god it's tomorrow?	yes!! it’s on their instagram stories	others
4815	lmao iont care what nobody say blueface fakeway hard	Fakeway? This the second time I heard this bro I’m confused	it’s the same as lightweight or lowkey	others
4816	if my anxiety couLD QUIT	I demand that your anxiety quit! Dot-dot. They're all better?	Lmao yeah you killed it. It's dead.	others
4817	I don’t normally post shit like this but I deadass been thinking about eating all day.	Log off	I’m at work too smfh	others
4818	Tune in next Tuesday night at 9PM EST.  Presented by	Can't wait boyz	We are a decent group of gentleman...just don't feed us after midnight!	others
4819	"bhāvanā ""Sanskrit"" ugh ""if it ain't foreign then it's boring"" girls are so cringeeeee. Sis didn't even spell the name of the song correctly"	ITS THE DEFINITION SO ITS PHONETIC AND THE ORIGIN. we can’t all tweet about how sad our love lives are and fucking pillows ALL the time branch out a little	YOU TAKE THAT BACK ABOUT THE PILLOWS	others
4820	Trains and PhD what an awful combination. Give me PhD work any day (not even sarcasm)...	Commitment there! Nice to see	You know me, never skip a PhD day!!	others
4821	i **** * ****	Thor thot	just say u hate women and go stop slut shaming me xxxxxxxxxx	others
4822	A nice, traditional Nativity scene just to annoy our peaceful invaders.........	Thank you Tracy	You're more than welcome	others
4823	still a trashy pop prince after all	looove allie x	aaaaaa yes shes so iconic ..... i heavily stan	others
4824	How does someone submit designs for cards for your companies? I have a couple of promos I have made for a portfolio.	Thanks, but we do not currently accept outside submissions.	Appreciate the response! If I can help in the future, please keep me in mind!	others
4825	how do i get taller l-lol	Da stii ca astea is numai chestii zise de ARMYs pt ca BTS iubesc pe toata lumea si iti dai seama ca nu se iau dupa inaltime sau aspectul fizic si dupa suflet si tu cum ai un suflet mai mult ca de milioane	1. yeah true its not like theyre not gonna date someone bc they dont have the height they want sjjsjs 2.OMG :((((((	others
4826	Why. Not. So people know which items come on sale on which day?	Thanks for this, I had questions about the festive domino crown. Should I sell counterfeit domino crown for it or no?	It's your choice. (not sure) I heard that its price will go very high	others
4827	A SONG FROM FUCKING LEMONADE MOUTH MADE MY TOP 100 SONGS PLAYLIST I-	AKDJDKDJ EMILY	I was going through it earlier this year okay	others
4828	Garmin watch?	Yes	Love it. I just added you on Strava	others
4829	I’m really sitting in my car crying right now over the dumbest shit lol	I honestly worry about the same thing with my son. He already seems so shy like I was (am).	I know I’ve gotten a bit better since I’ve gotten older but not nearly outgoing. I can fake it at work but sometimes I get anxiety talking to patients I think it’s just so much easier to be an extrovert	others
4830	How y’all gonna do me like that? Waste of a whole ass meal	First of all..... you dip the bread and the chicken in the gravy, so couldn’t you still enjoy this? Second of all.... RANCH > GRAVY. I never have this problem when they give me a ranch cup	I don’t dip the strips in gravy tho, and they were covered in gravy	others
4831	hey	THNX Jacoby ...! YOU ROCK	No sir, YOU rock. All year you’ve been blessing us. Can’t wait for your tour!	others
4832	If you are working on something and you feel a bit shy about talking about it. Just remind yourself that people can’t read minds and support things they don’t know exist.	Hard sometimes to plug your work. But this is a necessary reminder	Yes it can be. Mainly because humans are conscious of what other humans think. You working on anything at the moment I’d love to see	others
4833	GAS IS 2.11 IN SANFURT!!	Damn gas is expensive in Florida! It’s $1.97 on base	Damn that's awesome! Jeez and I thought 2.11 was a great deal ha	others
4834	I love doing legs but why did I ever think it’d be okay to do anything with legs two days in a row is beyond me! FML!	Just make sure to stretch big homie, it’s gonna be a long 72 hours for you!	Bro, it is the WORST!	others
4835	Apparently I can’t get the honors list like last semester bc I’m taking 11 credit hours not 12	It be that one credit hour smh	I’m Fr hurt about it	others
4836	I have a classic Walt. His letter confirming a request by the Regt to come back in!!! Still waiting on mine and his phot wearing the coveted beret resplendent with winged dagger. 100 likes to this post and a tagging of friends will produce the detail it’s hilarious	^ this should be good :)	Sent you a DM	others
4837	Waiting for the noms is more nerve racking than seeing if we were actually going to get a #1 on bb	When are the noms?	Tomorrow	others
4838	I’m in an artsy mood. Reply to this with a pic of you, and I’ll draw it	Cute one Walks on four Limbs and suffers with Saying “ooowwwhhh” longer...	This is already a drawing	others
4839	All top 5 most listened to songs of the year for me were from KOD, 74 hours spent listening to Cole, first song I listened to this year was from Cole. I am a proud J. Cole stan	KOD highkey album of the year Cole is my goat	I can't pick my #1 album of the year but KOD is def one of them	others
4840	@KeithOstafie what’s up?	Think he's in twitter jail? Lol	That’s what is was thinking on a “Twitter Timeout!” Like had to do!!	others
4841	first and last time ordering from fashionnova . time to call my bank for this dispute .	i disputed the charges with my bank also	like i do not have time for this	others
4842	Nose piercing?	people voting no.. smh	i see	others
4843	Can't wait to make brunch for my favorite person in the entire world	Yeah....about that....	I heard. And you are coming. Or. Else.	others
4844	"is this a good look or a ""go churn some butter"" look"	You look like I’m going to try and woo you or one of the 4 other bachelorettes by building up the farm my dad left me.	harvest moon chic.. love it	others
4845	My whole watch I was looking forward to eating my noodles once I got off. Now that I’m off watch I go to make my noodles and the microwave is broken now I have to eat semi warm, semi cooked noodles	I’m mad for you. I should’ve told you the power is out	Why must you do that to me	others
4846	or?????	This dope g	Thanks man, I really appreciate that	others
4847	I'm tired of memes. We can stop doing them now	Are we old? Is that what's happened, is that we're just old now? Because I was thinking this exact thing a few days ago when someone was trying to explain to me why the grape surgery thing was funny and not understanding any of it	We already did this shit ten years ago. It's done. ENOUGH WITH THE MEMES	others
4848	It's my birthday! To celebrate with me, send me cute animal pics (anything but spiders) or your favorite microfiction.	Happy birthday, Holly!	Thank you! That is a very impressive cat	others
4849	We just bid in a house auction! From the living room! Sadly the property went for over 140k above the asking price and a lot more than our top bid, oh well. Day job tomorrow!	'Fire-damaged detached cottage'? Sounds delightful. You must be gutted you didn't get it.	Only needed a lick of flipping paint!	others
4850	YALL STAR HAS ME SHOOOOOOOOOOK.	Omg saaaaaame but I felt that coming	I honestly didnt see it coming!! Like I truly believed her story. I’m shook but the ending was crazy too	others
4851	Defecate is a disgusting word unless it’s Tobias Forge growling it	legit like i wait for it so hard in body and blood	Same especially the live version on C&D	others
4852	So far I have been doing pretty good, waking up early, walking for an hour, no junk food, no soda, and so far I have lost 8 lbs. Pretty proud if myself since I've been in 230s for a while but now I'm at 226 I'm more motivated than ever and I can't wait to hit my weight goal!	Today is my first day with no soda, or ice coffee.... JUST WATER!!	It's hard in the beginning but you'll get used to it, good luck!	others
4853	Anne is leaving. I think she maybe pleased!! I think she has really done so much for Autistic sufferers and their families. Great!!	Hi June. I agree Anne was pleased to go. Genuinely. Probably the only celeb to mean it. Wonder who will go tonight? James maybe	It’s hard to choose now but some one will definitely go!!	others
4854	God this week is miserable, all I want to do is go to and drown myself in vegan cheese & cocktails	ahhh i remember that place	Vegan poutine and pancake milkshakes, what more could a girl want	others
4855	I’ve sent 2 texts today with no replies so is this to do with the problems with 02 I wonder	Yep I’ve had nothing all day can use what’s app at least	I didn’t even realise until about halfway through the day that it was down Then it all made sense	others
4856	Jongin looks like every fancy ballet/ice skating coach in movies	OMG YES WTF ?	I think it's the black scarf + black coat combo it gives him this serious artistic aura	others
4857	if any gamers have a spare astro boom mic piece can you sauce it to me this weekend tyvm	I got you	You're a legend thank you mate	others
4858	We are here at the shawarma spot	Coming to Kd and not checking up on Us	I'm sorry...	others
4859	Why is Instagram acting so clapped for, literally had to delete 3 pics cos of these weird lines	don’t worry	Do I know you	others
4860	Each time I make A really GREAT sandwich I expect To hear A knock on my door And see The Committee Of Really GREAT Sandwiches With A ribbon For me	Just a ribbon? Not a trophy?	A trophy would take up space I could use for sandwiches.!	others
4861	Y’all baby ready for Xmas spirit week ?	Lmmfao, ima handle that Saturday or Sunday.	Lol I’m going tomorrow since i work this weekend	others
4862	Yes. She’s Sexist and divisive. Clearly hates men. Seems quite hypocritical considering those are the liberal knocks on Trump.	Those aren’t liberal knocks on trump. Those are facts. Hannah is in fact, none of those things. The behaviors of men, not the spotlight on them are what’s divisive. Let’s do better.	We can all do better. Imagine if a man stood up there and said men need to dictate the lines drawn by good women bc they cant handle it.	others
4863	After playing FPL lately. No wonder all the pro's stopped playing it	I enjoy playing Rank S more lately. Don't no if it's the daily prize money or just the people being super nice.	I feel likes FPL is being worked and monitored 10x more in NA, nobody cares that EU FPL is dying.	others
4864	Ere fuck off pal	Be when the plastering game dries up	I wouldn’t be shocked pal	others
4865	Awwwww	She screamed like a girl on a playground. Too cute	Eyes watered a bit but then I remembered I was a thug lol	others
4866	I said ages ago city were going to win the league and I hope they do because I love being right	i’m impressed	So u should be	others
4867	Warning: Remainer fatigue alert.  Putting aside my personal health issue, I am physically, emotionally & mentally exhausted. Like tens of thousands of others, we have dedicated over 2.5 years fighting daily to	Me too, my passion and the importance for our futures has cost me my job	Oh my god. That’s horrendous. Are you okay? Can I/we help you in any way?	others
4868	The one thing I absolutely hated about being pregnant was that glucose test	Are you pregnant again!?	I wish jk jk no	others
4869	Oh no. I don't know if I want this.	I definitely think you do.	Gonna put it in a silver bucket full of ice and serve it to Randi in our finest champagne flutes	others
4870	Today I messed up cooking RAMEN NOODLES. How? I don’t even know. Why? Because I’m a mess.	i’ve never related to anything more	I just really need it to be winter break lol	others
4871	HOW. THE. HELL. O.O	i don’t know?? I just love music I guess :(	me too and i only have 35k mins djwhsh	others
4872	Bitch you got that busted ass apartment cheap ass shirt and ugly toes BYEEEEEE	And you’re mad	Her cat deserves better	others
4873	I miss the days when I could tweet and no one would reply and I was able to just unload my thoughts and feelings.	Twitter needs a function like fb where you can turn off the comments	Yes! Sometimes it doesn’t matter what the subject is, I’m gonna be a lil bitch about the replies for no reason other than my own insanity	others
4874	*raises hand, bounces* Oh! I know! I know! It's because Lena Dunham is a truly moronic and arrogant piece of racist, sexist, elitist, fascist shit! An absolute filthpile of an excuse for a human being. Right? :-)	Jesus. She needs to shut up. For a long time.	Yep. Truly just a dreadful person.	others
4875	Excellent work from pre order a 4K Antman and the Wasp. Take the money but don’t despatch it! Now saying estimated delivery 31/12/18! I don’t think so!	Sorry to hear about this. Please send over a DM, and we can look into this for you!	Already have	others
4876	how do people still support pinegrove i-	“their music is good i just don’t think about them as people”	which roughly translates to “i don’t care about women”	others
4877	omg who is that blonde girl there idk her	she snapped	i love u	others
4878	Watched Youtube Rewind. Recognized only 2 youtubers, Ninja and Markiplier. I guess that is more than usual...lol	Um t series was in it.	I DON'T WATCH T SERIES!!	others
4879	After I've done all of the series of Narcos should I do Line of Duty (not seen it before but hear it's good). Is it worth my time?	It’s is good, have you watched Suits yet?	No not yet but I'll give it a try.	others
4880	Huge thanks to first session speakers at our	Cough cough	Our profuse apologies Rob, you closed the 2nd session brilliantly; we did post a tweet during your presentation but on checking our timeline it's not there... So here's the pic we took at the time, the tweet itself is now lost in the mists of time...	others
4881	Day 6 of the terrifying, terrible teeth of the piranha. Serrasalmus medinae. Ribs turned out more interesting than the teeth for me.	Woah what is happening with the ribs? Improper healing?	The fact that the ribs are neatly transected points to previously under appreciated interactions between fishes. There are few fish skeletons with damage...it turns out most piranhas have damage. Also an interesting anomalous healing pattern.	others
4882	's playthrough of Pokemon? She has an Ivysaur named Bill and whenever Bill pops up Speth goes all gushy. I love it.	Sadly, I haven't caught any of it. >.> I am however sneaking one of the VODs on at work right now. <.< (Thank you for the tip)	I totally get that. I've missed them as well. I'm watching her VoD as well. It's so much fun to watch!! (You're very much welcome.)	others
4883	Christmas List:  Soulja Boy Game Console 17 Soulja Watches 10 pairs of SouljaPods 2 SouljaPads	we’re gonna get you some help	It's needed.	others
4884	SIX OF CROWS+FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST. Celtic-inspired myth. When Evelyn's father, a revered alchemist, is falsely accused by the kingdom, she must join an elite force to save him, not knowing her greatest adversary is the vengeful sister she’s long forgotten. Dual POV.	Omg someone please publish this ASAP I need to read it!	D'AWWW, THANK YOU!	others
4885	thanks for sharing the gofundme! Really appreciate that!	It’s a really great thing you’re doing!	We’re trying lol. We don’t have much money ourselves, and we donate what we can. But other help really makes a difference. My wife is able to find and get good discounts on PJs and we can get a good amount	others
4886	Thanks for the awesome stickers	Thanks so much Anna!!!! Hehe I can now impose those struggles on others I feel powerful	Oh so powerful...but I found a way to not kill DK sticker lol	others
4887	Hell ima know some too	Dead	Girlllll you know what’s going on	others
4888	We elected him to lead. That is what he's doing. Change can be painful, but it's necessary.	Change what? Before Trump the US was the no 1 and only Economy & Military Superpower Problem is that 1% controls 1/2 of the wealth, meaning that Middle Class is working more and is getting paid less . . . The rich is keeping all the extra effort Tax them, they invest!	He's changing the way we do business. GOOD.	others
4889	Signed Kelvin Benjamin. Cut Kareem. Same ole Chiefs.	Who is Kareem?	You are trying to troll with a guy who obviously can’t even hold Kareem’s jock strap. Shut your corny ass tf up. Dumb ass one horse town fans like yourself see players like Alex Smith as winners and enjoy departing from your best assets. Have several seats.	others
4890	It’s tassel szn	Yes ma’am.	I text you.	others
4891	It's actually a CA program, Medi-Cal, so it's coming out of our ever-increasing taxes on everything here in CA.	Is that also what allows those 19 and under to get Medicare? That article said Medicare	If you read the whole article, it mentions that it's the CA version of Medicare.	others
4892	Can I ask a weirdly specific Maisel question? Do you think Midge's parents are German or Russian-Polish? Are they from the rich German-Jewish ranks of uptown NYers—or are they poor Polish-Russian Jews made good through education? They seem like a conflation of both sets to me.	I think you have to assume German based on the internal Jewish community politics of the time	That's what I'd always assumed until late in the season, when it turned out that Abe had a left-wing activist background. That totally threw me.	others
4893	Throws his backpack at your muse. He didn't mean it, he was aiming for the wall -	And she gets hit in the head.   Ouch — and she drops to the floor.   “Ow!”	Oh no. He has such a pained expression on his face. Secondhand embarrassment?  ❝ S-Sorry! I'm so sorry... ❞ He goes up to her and tries to help her up.	others
4894	Is it just my IG doing this with all these grey lines on folks photos?!	no mine too	Okay it ain’t just me	others
4895	“when your life is in shambles but youre still a bad bih”	ily	a legend!! hahah your vids always make my day	others
4896	Hey guys, I'm getting an iPhone tomorrow for my birthday, that'll be my gift to myself.. Idk why I'm nervous lmfao it's just a damn phone but I've never owned one..	They’re cool. A bit pricey but very cool Welcome to da iPhone club	Thanks bae, not really worried about the price, I'm more so worried about liking it..	others
4897	Craving boiling crab at 10am :/	big head energy	Pablo that’s my favv	others
4898	Got tagged by . Thank you!  Btw I didn't cheat. Caught the kitties in the sink three nights ago. XD	Babies!!	LOL, I've realised how small they still look, but they've actually grown so much (they're nearly 9 mo old).	others
4899	HATE Holly’s dress/shirt combo it looks so wrong	Did you see yesterday’s	I (shock I know) liked it, can you believe. She needs to ditch the boots though	others
4900	“I shake my hands real real good” - Yanira  “Odd flex but okay” - Trace	Wisest nigga we got	Big fax	others
4901	Y'all be talking about Zoro like he some sort of blood-thirsty demon without feelings lol	by that logic he would oh attacked Sniper King on sight.. niggas underestimating Zoro’s ability to read people	I'm glad you understand what kind of person Zoro is bro lol some of these guys just have me so confused smh	others
4902	Hello Men! Don’t touch us when we’re talking. Don’t interrupt us. Even if you think it’s super funny “joke.” Don’t. Just stop and let us finish.	It's almost as if nobody here actually asked Alexandria how she feels about this exchange. Sounds like you're all assuming her feelings and Bernies intentions. I thought we aren't supposed to assume?????	nope! I am asking men to stop interrupting and touching women.	others
4903	I am bored, tell me your Mars sign/house it also is in, and I'll tell you my interpretation of it !	Ah this would be great as it’s one of the placements I feel I don’t connect to. I have my Mars in Leo in the 4th. :)	You are a protector of your friends and family. Security means alot to you. You have a very bright and charismatic way of talking. Sometimes you feel the need to control certain situations. You tend to have a passive aggressive approach to things.	others
4904	Came second in the work quiz!	Well done	Thank you x	others
4905	My favourite actor, reading my favourite book that has a cover picture from my favourite movie, portraying my favourite fictional character on screen. Oh what a picture P.S. I don't like movie-scene book covers, but this is the *only* exception.	This is also my fav movie!!!	Yayyy Always a pleasure to know someone who loves them too	others
4906	SEASON 7 IM COMING DIFFERENT STOP PLAYIN WIT MEEEEEEE!!!	So we’re posting 7 kill wins now? Smh	damn bro you goin like the video	others
4907	I miss SRL	I don’t	that's funny, I don't miss you	others
4908	Not counting the actual serious topics that are going around right now that are important to discuss twitter has some dark fucking cloud over its nonexistent head and I feel drained everything is a problem my god	It is, time to take a rest Pen. You don't deserve this.	Thank you Vie :( I’m doing that now I try to only log in to check notifications and log back out, it always puts me in a bad mood :/	others
4909	Aaaaaaa my gosh i forgot this good song existed .3.	Rly nice song tbh	Yesh!	others
4910	FYI	Is it just me or is there section a whole 50 yards longer	The official ticket link on the	others
4911	Just got home from work.....hope all is good and well in the land of tweets xx	Good evening dear lady, trust your day went well, and busy at the gallery	Hello Paul! all has been very busy and we have been open 9.30 to 8pm! Long but good day thank you. Hope you are well	others
4912	Blows my mind bro	bro dead ass ! ppl sleep on what she’s done man	The real Jesus of Christmas. Let’s talk about it	others
4913	what the hell kinda festival lineup is this	tumblr 2010	i’m deeply overwhelmed	others
4914	Sooo beautiful uwu	Thank you!!	Thank you for your arts too	others
4915	Who do I have to recruit to make sure has his birthday fried fish kickback? Because.....	Sis what’s up.	First, let me say you are super gorgeous! Second, he's a bit nervous but we gotta help our homie out. We need to make sure this celebration happens. It's his muhfucking birthday!	others
4916	Who tf treated themselves to wings n more with MY DEBIT CARD and didn’t invite me?  CULEROS!!	Same! They charged us late	No dude, the last time we went I didn’t use my card	others
4917	Listen to ����� ���اعملك ايه شغلتنى حسن الاسمر by Abdelrahman O. Fares	look who is back	Yeah it's me.	others
4918	so I’ve been watching The L Word for the first time and oh my GOD these sex scenes are waaaack	It gets worse every season	Oh God	others
4919	anywho so im really huggy with my irls and only two of em like it so with my one friend skylar, whenever we see eachother in the hallways we hug or somethin like that but everyones starting to think we're dating HAH wtf no i am already Taken	can i fight her	DONT FIGHT SKYLAR fight the people calling me and her a couplekdkdkskx	others
4920	THX FRIENDS !	One of your songs wa the first song I played on Spotify this year	haha that's awesome! You probably had 100k minutes+ right ? You must listen to SO much stuff.	others
4921	riding the subway with a	nice Gaborik callback	I was thinking of him during this entire adventure	others
4922	i want to vore exo but. out of love and affection	soft	that's all i am	others
4923	OMGGGGG!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH ADAMMMM!!!	Omggg does he follow you?	Nahhhhh but he freaking saw it	others
4924	Cómo ODIO que me cuelguen voy a matar a alguien	perdón mati no desesperes	Q dice	others
4925	No dobra,wszyscy prawie wrzucili wałęsającego się Wałęsę to też wrzucę tylko uwaga moje z fonią	Veni, vidi i co ja robię tu uuu	Last Mission	others
4926	Since I wrote this, 18 more children have been reported with paralysis in the nationwide outbreak of a polio like illness. The number of affected states has gone from 31 to 33.	But last year WHO declared that they Eradicate polio from the Globe	This is not polio, it's a polio like illness	others
4927	Done eonneehh	Thanks janeeeeh	You're welcome eoonnneehh	others
4928	you guys coming?	Im gonna untag them so they don't feel spammed, but they couldn't make this trip. It's just me.	You still down though? If you need an airport pickup I got you	others
4929	So I'm going to be making a new icon for Twitter (possibly several) to kind of break from JUST having WoW. Which FFXIV character should be the first? (Check comments for pictures).	Are you using an ENB? I want to turn my contrast up to ten million like yours.	I use this!	others
4930	Sam can show a million emotions with the slightest adjustment of his facial muscles. We saw that when he saw Murtagh, we see it here. I can't imagine how much work goes into learning how to do this. This is the type of acting that interests me, complex, subtle, sophisticated.	Ep 301 was a perfect example of this ability as well. He did such beautiful work in that episode.	Yes! That episode alone should have garnered him a million awards, but then....he does this week after week. I am so sick of him being ignored and under appreciated.	others
4931	niggas still get rich and buy gaudy jewelry like black panther ain't drop smh. did tchalla have gold and diamonds around his neck, kings? no he had panther teeth and vibranium. go cop some vibranium dammit	That swae fish bone was my favourite	Link?  Everything wakanda is lix lmao idk what he on. Uzi's Scott Pilgrim piece is my fav cause I'm a hypocrite lmao	others
4932	do you have a english speaking hotline service? We've sent several packages from Berlin since the 29 and there are still not arrived in france...	We do not have an English hotline. What is the current status and when exactly is it? ^JG	We've sent a dozen of Päkchen (< 2kg) to France, with the extra option for insurance (50 kg) and tracking. But they haven't moved for the last 3 days. Like if the tracking was not working in France. Can we discuss in DM so I can forward you the tracking number? thank you	others
4933	Now accepting applications to the WRECKSQUAD!! Come say hi!! Im live right now!!	awesome tweet man but sorry the streamersclub hastag is for the private community that im owner of. So if you mind stop using it i appreciate it <3	Thats the first i used it.. cause it came up when i typed streamer. My mistake	others
4934	SHE’S NOT WRONG	ITS SO FUNNY	IT’S LITERALLY US	others
4935	Unless he’s shooting free throws Lebron... not clutch.	I would’ve never taken you as a Lebron hater... Lebron is the GOAT!!! And look at his stats, he’s clutch.	And you’ve just heard a bunch of reports say look at the stats. You don’t know any of the stats you’re telling me to look at get the hell out of here	others
4936	Orphan of war raised at Northshire, Garien has been often picked on by her human peers for being 'ugly'. It lead to the point of her being always on the defensive, snapping at everyone, even those who show her kindness.	Poor woman. I hope someday she can find a way to feel comfortable again.	It might take time, but I think she is on the right track ;)	others
4937	I loved this game when I got the 1K for it. Great online coop RPG!	You should do the DLC	But Ashen is coming tomorrow man. No time for other games.	others
4938	McDonald's employee list off ingredients in a Big Mac	Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun.	Going for Employee of the Year I see	others
4939	PROTIP: Loggins never tells you what it's like INSIDE the Danger Zone He only goes on and on about going there, so keep that in mind next time you wanna get fancy, Hotshot.	To be fair, the lyrics to that song do not make one lick of goddamn sense.	If Loggins can't describe it in rollicking hot verses, then the Danger Zone defies logic	others
4940	So	Glad Brad Smith reads !	is giving a thoughtful presentation!	others
4941	We haven’t gotten mail in 2 days last time we didn’t get mail for a week & it was because the mailman got robbed. I hope it didn’t happen again.	Is it just late today? I know yesterday there was no mail for anyone. USPS was closed	Why wasn’t there any mail yesterday? We usually get it by 11 & still haven’t got it.	others
4942	Me watching Riverdale is pretty much me rolling my eyes every two seconds and me screaming at every character that opens its mouth how dumb they are	why are you even watching it	I don’t know how to quit watching tv shows	others
4943	My manager gone say I don’t even know who you are anymore... that’s fine just know what name to put on my check bitch	Lmaoooo	I hate that you know the exact manager I was talking about	others
4944	humans have many platonic soulmates and 1-3 romantic soulmates depending on what you believe so...	oh wow that's a lot seems fun it's like hide and seek i like it but i want it now	its so fun...the internet helps a lot	others
4945	Damn I just realized today is Thursday I thought it was Friday all day lol	You the ode football head now!!	Lol facts bro I’m out here!	others
4946	I’ll admit this is a life goal of mine.	I can't see a world where this works out for me. more chance I'd end up with a broken neck lol	Seems to be a lot more efficient. Would be ideal for airports and when confronted with a line of children.	others
4947	We really had to stan this thick legend	Who's that dude?	We don't know yet	others
4948	FINALLY We can announce that  Immensely proud and happy!	Wonderful news!! Congratulations Johanna!	Thank you so much Karen! I’m thrilled!!!	others
4949	Nothing changes. Me or Magento. From 2011. Not sure I agree with everything I said anymore but I’m impressed with my gumption, I thought that was a recent thing.	Besides swapping some company names / product names here, does much change? (Ebay->Adobe, Go-> Cloud)	Y def kinda funny. I’m pleased my messaging is the same tho, and fundamentally I believe what I recommended is right. Decide what your product is, and then deliver well on that. you’d do well to read my comments from 2011, that App Store should have been a thing!	others
4950	Getting really tired of seeing articles like this and still no justification for a Canadian increase.	"I love how this article starts with ""The Internet breathed a sigh of relief Monday when Netflix announced “Friends” would still be on the service in 2019."" Who gives a fuck about Friends?"	"It's crazy reading about ""pensions"" (they clearly ment petitions) to keeps this drivel ""airing"", only helping fill the old wallets."	others
4951	Me being the only person in the world who enjoys sparkling water.	u ok hun ?	I've always liked sparkling water and if you don't know this about me we are not related and an alien has probed your body.	others
4952	Why tf is Warsaw crossed out	spokojnie jak swipniesz na stronę z biletami to warszawa tam jest	Wiem but still	others
4953	Francja. Strażacy strajkują po dołączeniu do protestu . France. Firefighters are on strike after joining	I wonder what the reaction of the military will be.	I hope the army will stand on the side of the nation. If that is not the case, a civil war will break out.	others
4954	My granny's most used phrase: what's wrong with ya??	Did you eat?	Where's your dinner kay?	others
4955	I just hope he gets playing time. Oh wait. McCarthy is gone. He will.	Jobs on the line, you’ll see some Packers old fashioned football this Sunday (how it should be)	Heck yes. Intrigued to see what Philbin calls.	others
4956	Are there any places in England you haven’t visited as of yet, but would like to see one day ??	Dt done it all thru the Arsenal Great way to see the country!1!1!	Loooool. But at least answer the Q	others
4957	Laia: Take a break from merch you’ve just closed preorders.  Also Laia: designs more merch	alyssa: you just spent lots of money on merch maybe save up a bit also alyssa: wow i need those charms laia just thought about designing, i'll buy tHOSE BADBOYS NO MATTER WHAT	AHHHHHH these are actually gonna take a lot of time to come out! I still have tor Echeverría and ship the previous ones, so the ones I’m designing now will be available in mid January or so	others
4958	ugh can we please get an ouran reboot so the ugly drawing style can be modernized even tho the og was drawn like that,,,,, i just hate it	kiss kiss fall in love with the ugly art style I bet if they rebooted it it’d just b better animation w the same style but only changed slightly	i know they would but i just feel like we deserve a kyoya and tamaki with a somewhat normal body	others
4959	Increasingly convinced that UPS or Amazon lost my package.	I see you got some responses from corporate accounts. That's part of the reason I love Twitter :D Hope it all works out for you!	We'll see. UPS blamed Amazon, so I've been told by Amazon that I have to wait and see if it arrives tomorrow before I take further action.	others
4960	oh	hey u know i love u :(	i do hehe i love you sm	others
4961	want another j. cole album	I want you	u can have all of me	others
4962	"Once you have cancer your life is never the same again, even if you ""survive"" it. Every niggle, every pain , always a worry that it isn't a pulled muscle/flu/virus/tummy bug /headache but that worry that that uninvited guest the big C has returned. Avoiding the GP is common."	I have not been on your journey with cancer, but I looked after my sister and brother who had. I truly comprehend the fear Ann. God be with you always.	Thanks Katy. Cancer is shite! So sorry that your brother and sister went through it xx	others
4963	This is so funny	Ma'am imma need you to step out of the app this is a blockable offense	I die laughing everytime I see it and it’s so old	others
4964	Is it time to retire this Avi? Idk time for a new one?	1. You still look flawless. 2. I tried changing mine and no one knew it was me. I guess if you want to go into hiding, changing it would help. Nothing beats the original though.	Most people told me not to change it so that’s the rolling	others
4965	This has been a long day.	Let me guess you tried you was up all night	Lmfaooo yessss. I just need a quick nap	others
4966	FREE TO GOOD HOME  Puts, 17 hours old, DOTM Registered, have papers Expire tomorrow but could be rolled My wife said either they go or I do Maybe she said both go Frankly I stopped listening	I bought puts again for us...you better be right this time!	I....what?	others
4967	Torn between coming back to Newcastle a month early so I can go out for New Year’s Eve up here and not have to work the next day orrrrrr staying in Leeds and risking being absolutely dead on New Year’s Day	That barely sounds like a dilemma tbh	Well I’d be up here a month early with no loan	others
4968	If I’m honest this was never performance, turn up shit this was roll down the windows in the summer and play with the crew in the car all	bc issa banGER	Look g there’s shit that belongs in the car and shit that belongs on stage. They two different categories. And this was one for the speakers	others
4969	Anyways,just wanna say  If we are mutuals I adore you  If we are not mutuals I adore you too  But like  I adore-love my mutuals you know?  They are so caring,beautiful and talented .. Wow.	i love you, you’re honestly one of the nicest people and always have something positive to say	Awww ily too  Thank u sm love  That means alot :'D	others
4970	It’s the most wonderful time of the year, because of moments like these. Got very caught up in the commercial holiday “stress” this year, but today really brought us back down to reality and the true meaning of Christmas. Our annual Christmas volunteering at the care home.	OMG! So cute. They are growing up so fast. I remember Mila as a tiny tot and Ethan has grown up to be a young man. So adorable.	Waaay too fast!!	others
4971	And so it begins...	Whoop whoop! Added your school to our in-store board yesterday	Awesome! We are 6 members, our oldest is 10, youngest is 8. Seeing how an 8 year old won GD this year and the kids bugged me for the club, I saw nothing to lose! I will inform them of this addition tomorrow :)	others
4972	If your theories were accurate you wouldn’t need Wikipedia and it would be easy for you to find plenty of credible links to support your opinions	So Where Are Yours? And ANY Evidence Which Questions YOUR Narrative Is Non Sense? Bc You're Infallible?	My what? I’ve already said I don’t have a problem with history books. I said Lincoln wasn’t afraid of change, like conservatives are. Do you not have any proof Lincoln was conservative?	others
4973	too soon?	HDJDNDNDKDFNJDN	thank u	others
4974	My Christmas wish list!!	It's on my Christmas list too	I hope ol saint Mueller brings it to us for Xmas	others
4975	Timbers spotted at Marriott Marquis downtown. I am not allowed to tell you how I learned this information, but I am allowed to say that it would be a shame if no one set this sucker up in the lobby this week.	Shame if someone were to shoot off fireworks at 3 am Saturday morning...	Hey, I am not your momma. You're a grown adult and you can do what you want.	others
4976	Buzzcocks singer Pete Shelley dies at 63 - sad news indeed  RIP	ah, that is sad news	It is isn't it.	others
4977	What's your dream car? — A dropped tundra truck !!!	We’re not friends no more	Fine Steve, don't hit me up when I'm flexing on you this hard	others
4978	this wiz performance dead sha. chia	I swearrrrrrr, davido would have murdered his performance	please don’t get it twisted. wiz > vido still.	others
4979	So that customised WHU shirt is £350 in Selfridges. Awful shirt	No way - half a season ticket!???	How do they justify that	others
4980	My world	Basic white girl	She is already basic and I can’t even complain. She’s perfect.	others
4981	Mims reminded me of the yoongithelegend account. I wish they would just disappear	I was following them even though they’re so annoying but the other day they made a whole tweet about hatred towards shooky jfhdkdhdjd Then i said fxck it I’m unfollowing jdhdjjdhdd	I think the shooky jokes are overdone and annoying but they took it waaaaay to serious. A clown	others
4982	Ay what Black Love Island??????	Who’s hosting	I dunno you know	others
4983	I have a holier than thou mother who thinks she’s better than everybody else, and a dad who sleeps with prostitutes. I guess you could say my life was equally balanced growing up.	At least you had parents...	True. But mine didn’t want me. I was reminded of that.	others
4984	My Mom only has a few more weeks to live due to her pancreatic cancer. She is only 37 and this just sucks. I’ll tune in when I can, but I won’t be streaming for a bit. I’m going through a lot rn and nothing is more important than my Mom. I love her and It’s hard to stop crying	So sorry to hear about your mother. Sending thoughts to you and your family.	Thanks man I really do appreciate the support and love. It’s just been hard	others
4985	HELLO IT’S MY BIRTHDAY	HAPPY BIRTHDAY	THANK U	others
4986	this took about an hour and I still feel incredibly guilty w/ some of the placements!!	awww 13 albums appear on my list too	omg only 13??	others
4987	My nighttt	تونايت رغد الرغدين	Yess	others
4988	exhaustive map of geneseo in my head is milne to cry meadows to smoke court to drink orchard to dance goodwill to buy interesting items the only creative outlet you have	Did u found the village of Geneseo	no b but If u think abt it some really angry white men literally came and wiped out a whole population that previously existed here and just built a school right on top of that jaunt and here we are	others
4989	Blessed and Honored to receive an offer from the University of South Alabama!!	All that hard work gone pay off real soon my boy...	Praying my boy	others
4990	Zayn's new album is 27 songs...?	It was supposed to be two albums	Oh, I guess that makes sense. But still.	others
4991	A very fit young gentleman at the gym just told me he was now heading home to cook himself ten eggs and then go to bed. My youth was much wilder than this.	10 eggs seems eggsesive. I'll get me coat	I’m sending people round to rough u up for that. You crossed a line.	others
4992	Had my hair done!!!YAAAAY!!! Not showing my face as I’m not wearing make up & I’m that pale I look like I have AIDS.	It’s a bob isn’t it?	Who’s Bob	others
4993	I’ve been meaning to ask, do you play with Lucy with she does the boygenius stuff?	It was all women who played on the boygenius EP (Julien played most of the guitars), but I did play in the boygenius live band on this recent november tour	That’s awesome. I remember reading that you produced both Lucy Davis albums. I’m a big fan of your production and loved seeing you guys live when you played in Nashville.	others
4994	Twitter has made us so sarcastic and people irl can’t take it. We don’t just fit.	BIG RELATE	I KNOWWW. It’s like they don’t understand. They either think that we are rude or lame.	others
4995	thinking about that time i was in a mercedes ad	you what	i was in an ad for mercedes in a magazine	others
4996	J’hésite	C’est le seul que je kifferai paquet aubameyang	Trop fort.	others
4997	And there you have it -> Goodlatte: House Leadership Blocked Trump-Backed Immigration Reform	This photo of Ryan is from 2013. How can Wisconsin voters not know Ryan is a progressive? For years he has fought for Obamacare and open borders (by stalling legislation and not funding the Wall). Wisconsin Republicans have helped the Democrat party and hurt America.	Good post!	others
4998	THANK YOU	What a great experience for the kids to hear the author read her book!	Yes!! I gave you the link! It’s so amazing to watch!	others
4999	so	Hey Dominic. Sorry to hear your Wrapped stats aren’t looking quite right. We pulled data from Jan 1st to Oct 31st, so your last few weeks of jams aren't included. We'll be here if you need anything else /XM	Pretty sure I’ve never listened to either of the artists mentioned above. Is this a sly advertising technique similar to the amazon scandal with wedding lists?	others
5000	i guess i have to prove i'm attracted to men now alright.	don't pull a muscle now	yes, it may be rather strenuous. i've not attempted this in a very long time.	others
5001	Lol my top three spotify songs are  1. Ambiente by j balvin 2. Plain Jane by a$ap ferg 3. What am I missing? Rufus & Chaka Khan	why is this my personal 2018 mood	What's yours	others
5002	Ptn il venait dse réveiller smr il a la voix rauque du matin les yeux dans l'brouillard les cheveux décoiffés meilleure vidéo c bon	imane	Assia on est well fed	others
5003	Should i bust out these 2 Essays before 7 rn? Or take a nap for an hour in the parking lot first ?	NAP!	Thats what i decided too good choice	others
5004	Yeah I'm sitting here poking at Moulin Rouge and I just. I think I'm done. Like it's hard to tell when it's 80k, and you've read it over and over until your eyes fell out. But I think there's nothing more to do until my sister reads it and gives her harsh opinion. Soooo...	I'm excited and scared at the same time.	Oh I am too.	others
5005	Who wants to have some fun?	Looking good in the harness!	Thank you!! It belongs to my next door neighbor >> he’s a dragon and let me wear it. Now I -have- to get one lol	others
5006	Looks like some fear factor shit	Let’s try it	Lmao bitch, I’m okay, I bruise tooo easy	others
5007	I gotted up lots erlwee today! I play and run all awound da hous. Den mama gets up too. We play chase! I hide and pounce and be lots cute. I halp mama tie her shoes. But den she has to go to werk. I go to da dor wif her and cwy. No go, mama! But den mama go and I be sad.	Poor lil babe...but you will see her later and den you can play lots again!	Wen mama gotted home, I be lots and lots happy!	others
5008	i love him so much i’m crying	CONGRATS	ELL THANK U BBY	others
5009	Thank you Adidas for using FedEx	Aye fr I got my shit hella quick	Yea they always on point, ups 98% of the time for me is at least 3 hours late	others
5010	With clear skies across much of the	Does the fog come from the Columbia River basin or is it just over it?	A bit of both! In the case of today, we've got a bit of NE wind, which has pushed the fog and low clouds into the Basin.	others
5011	I’m thinking I should just risk it all and just go and get some new ink done, because wow	Do it sis it’s been a minute	I agree	others
5012	This is the most powerful bee I’ve ever seen look at that stance he’s so ready to beat anyone up!	can he beat you, goku?	He has a stinger so probably plus I’m pretty sure he’s a super bee cause his ki is yellow in the picture	others
5013	Dammit	I made this happen singlehandedly	A good meme was had	others
5014	Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is bloody good, mind. Amazing animation.	It looks proper gorgeous	Mate, it’s brilliant! It also has Nicolas Cage voicing Spider-Man Noir, sonyou already know that’s amazing.	others
5015	Taking my Lexo on a little weekend getaway.	Yay! Have a great time wherever you may go! Love those spontaneous weekends away. :)	We are!! He was really surprised and we're gonna have a blast! When it's cold in south florida... get a hotel with a hot tub and in room jacuzzi	others
5016	My mom lost a kitty today who was 13 (little Ashley passed away), All she ever wanted was to lay on me when I visited. I was there last night, my last time with Ashley the Russian blue. It always hurts losing a pet.	I'm sorry to hear that little Ashley passed away. hugs	Aw that's soo sweet!	others
5017	98 horas... Eduardo do céu	but I got smarter I got harder in the nick of times	BABY I ROSE UP FROM THE DEAD  I DO IT ALL THE TIME	others
5018	we grinding tonight??	11 I’ll be on doing characters then online or classic mode prolly	Yea we in chat tonight. I’ll be in.	others
5019	So! Since I just did a bunch of requests for my AD twitter, I think it's only fair that I do some here too! So! In honor of Tumblr banning the horny (and I need a good warm up sketch or two), any of you all want a free pic? Gimme your character and what you want them doing	Ya? May I get a sketchy?	Sure! I need a ref and what you'd like me to have them be doing.	others
5020	guess who’s sad again	sorry but this reminded me of this picture	yeah u know whats back,,, my seasonal depression	others
5021	When ya thiccc up top but thic on the bottom	Top heavy w/ all that brain goin on.	I got 3 brains	others
5022	nigga is not rolling no backwood thru the pack they came in, fuck outta here with that nut shit	this internet shit is toxic	I swear!	others
5023	Anybody else befuddled by Pinterest. My impressions jump all over the place. Today it’s great yesterday it was awful..	haha.. I keep asking Ms B (the geek in our relationship) to explain to me what the heck Pinterest is for and how you are supposed to use it.. you seem to be several steps ahead of me.	I thought I figured out how to use but then there are days when I don’t know. If you need some tips I would be more than happy to share	others
5024	Rather fw Westchester & Fairfax rivalry tbh	they rivals?	You never been to a Westchester Fairfax basketball game?	others
5025	TO MO RR OW	SHIT	I SCREAMED WHAT IF ONE OF MY QUESTIONS IS IN THERE	others
5026	Hello everyone! I’m back! With more reading sprints for you all what book are you on and what you reading ? I just DNF’d a book that I was not for me so I’m on my fourth book . Which is Sadie by Courtney Summers . I can’t wait to read it’ -Zaquira from	I'm currently reading Robin Hood.	Yay! I just needed to finish something but in a couple of minutes I’m going to start a reading sprint.	others
5027	“well stop”  “BREATHING?” please help me	no helP ME	this is the funniest thing i’ve seen today omg	others
5028	Venues providing relaxed performances for audience members who find the theatre environment stressful the opportunity to see theatre fills me with such joy and emotion that maybe one day my dad will be able to see me on stage again..thank you.	We are having one at on the 3rd jan at 2pm if you find yourself anywhere near perth suzi!	Brilliant! Thanks Helen! It’s such a wonderful thing to do!!!. X	others
5029	hold on, how tall are you all? i wanna see something	1'70	you’re 15 cms taller than me... why am i so smol for	others
5030	mutuals if u have a switch add me :3 if ur a lazy bastard drop ur fc below n ill add u	i'd add you but i'm not home lksjndf mine is SW-7745-1506-2308	OKAY!!! ILL ADD U SOON XOXO	others
5031	Damn I feel bad Smash Ultimate has to launch alongside this, I hope it doesn’t impact Nintendo’s sales  Who’s fighting me on the Switch?  I’ll be bringing this to events and holding brackets!	How is the Switch playerbase? It's really hard to get a match on the PC version (I was given a review key). I'd be down to buy it on Switch if people actually play there.	Can't claim to know! I haven't logged on and generally don't netplay any game	others
5032	Tomorrow I make my first car payment in 15 years and have to get the plates for said car. That is a lot of adulting in one day.	Clearly you will need a reward after	I get to go home and last minute craft my ass off for Saturday.	others
5033	Wakefield’s very talented musicians performing Christmas music for the holiday shop in town hall!!	that's beautiful! Did they play any Hanukkah music? It's currently the 4th day of Hanukkah.	I'm sure they did, I didn't hear every song they performed!	others
5034	You have less than 12 hours to hydrate and get ready because tonight we're playing... JAGUARS VS. TITANS BINGO!	I’m making this a drinking game. Kiss tomorrow’s productivity goodbye	That's the spirit!	others
5035	I'm going on trip with school tomorrow and I can't wait	Have fun bb	Thanks I'm excited because in a bus I'm sitting with my crush ughh it will be amazing	others
5036	Hey from a follower: Why are managers required to work 70 hrs at Christmas while the DMs work 35?! Where’s their mandatory schedule ??	"They're out ""recruiting""the other 40, right?"	Right right sure that’s it’s out recruiting , that’s what’s happening	others
5037	SO thanks tumblr for deciding.. it was no longer gonna be cool so.. I am gonna try to post my art on here	AWWWWW HELL YEAH, WELCOME ABOARD	Well I haven't left tumblr, I wanna see it burn slowly	others
5038	non driving ass nigga	I drive waaayyy better	I doubt it	others
5039	Might start wearing a Star of David for fashion	don’t	You guys aren’t making this easy	others
5040	a guy selling mobile phone cases just gave me a free case because he said he thinks I’m beautiful so cute	You’re so annoying but I miss you so much! hate you x.	I miss you so much more bby	others
5041	Hire Kendal Briles. Hire Art Briles. Hire Art Monk. I don’t give a shit. I’m just tired of this search.	Please welcome new Tennessee offensive coordinator Art Garfunkel!	Art Modell would be OK IMO	others
5042	This is without a doubt the most awkward hug between Heisman hopefuls in recorded history. (via	You can’t tell Tua is on a cart. FAKE NEWS	*I need to edit this*	others
5043	my car always w the bs	same I got a flat omw to my final :)	oh my god i woulda been STRESSIN	others
5044	Are you making it?	Duhhhhh	Keep it lmao jk	others
5045	SMB Brick and Mortar Retailers Must Change Tactics via	Appreciate it Jan! XO	You're welcome Anya! Have a great day :)	others
5046	S K Y F R O G S	That all seems like a really bad idea	It's incredible. DEATH FROM ABOVE  then you also likely die but whatever. S K Y F R E G	others
5047	L U N A T I C S  SCYTHIAN FATE INTERVIEW   Tune in gang  SATURDAY 8th December 12:00 PM Pacific (Midday) 9:00 PM UK  Look forward to chewing the fat with madman	Awesome	You tuning in birthday boy?	others
5048	Blessed to receive an offer from Eastern Kentucky University!	Congrats Casey! Hard work has paid off! Knew you’d be special when you went to Rocky Top with and I! Keep it up!	Thank you, I greatly appreciate it. Hope all is well	others
5049	What if Q turns out to be the car salesman in True Lies?	He is!	Haha. Thats what i started thinking. I know one thing: If Q is a single man he could have his pick of thousands of women. They love the mystery of Q.	others
5050	Fkmt stop injuring your protagonists challenge	is this the weird horny shoujo LOL	I didn't think about it, but that's. The perfect description of it,	others
5051	I’m going to see another movie. I am the only person in the theater and really don’t want some asshole showing up 5 min before it starts and ruining this moment for me	Being the only person in the theater is the best! I hope your luck holds!	It didn’t but it was still mostly empty	others
5052	I just recalled that there is still a framed picture of the obamas back in the dr with my parents	LOL WAT	LOL I remember it was the last months of their term	others
5053	Lana em Portugal. Que win for the gays	TU TENS QUE IR	BOI honestly I wish. Tenho de ver isso	others
5054	I dont even like Joel Osteen but I have a hot take ima keep to myself	I gotta fuck Joel Osteen T shirt I wear at least once a month. Deadass	Lmao I need that	others
5055	Harvested my first bed of garlic today. I have confirmed my hypothesis that: - Printanor garlic (the one that the shops sell) grows rubbish in Northland - Takahue and Ajo Rojo garlic grows way better in Northland	Oh wonderful, how do I know when mine is ready? And then what I do with it? - signed garlicnewbie	When did you plant it? I've pulled these ones early 'cos they're infested with rust and a risk to other crops. That said, if you planted around June, then they're really, really close.	others
5056	My old ass is finally gettin my wisdom teeth out soon	Damn I got mine out at like 16	Yeah they been asking me to for 6years	others
5057	One of the things I love about is that even when she moves onto something new, no matter how big and important it is, she still regularly finds time for her friends	AKDHS I LOVE YOUUUU THIS MADE ME SO HAPPY	Also it's helped me so much cause in the past whenever someone moved onto something new it meant things were coming to an end so I dreaded it, I feared it cause I didn't want to start from scratch again. But you've shown me it isn't always the case	others
5058	This portable heater is kinda helping me right now. It’s friggen 27 degrees outside	Oh my gosh I would freeze! It’s 49 out and I have my heater on at my desk	Lol I would love 49 degrees. Yeah living closer to the North Pole can gets very cold	others
5059	this is fuckin hilarious if you think about how i only used spotify for the past like 2 months this year	THE MOST I LISTENED TO WAS EXO ND IT WAS A TOTAL OF 11 HOURS AND I'VE HAD THIS SPOTIFY ACC FOR OVER A YEAR BOI WTF	LIKE IVE HAD MY ACCOUNT FOR AGES BUT I ONLY USED IT FOR THE LAST TWO MONTHS THIS YEAR SKGJSLKGHSE	others
5060	....... I just got my schedule for school I HAVE CLASSES ON SATURDAYS WHAT THE FUCKDKDJDJ	Why did you choose on Saturday bsjsnsjso	I DIDNT CHOOSE THIS FKFJDJDJ ITS THE COLLEGE	others
5061	If the singer of Banda MS ever leaves, I’m going with him. No homo	There is no Banda MS without him lol	Dudes voice is hella good. Got me in my feels every time I listen like my life isn’t great lmfao	others
5062	I asked the girls if they wanted to do this and they told me fuck no	my best friend and i slapboxed for fun in the park but then i slapped her too hard and we starting fighting fr lmao	That’s the fun!!	others
5063	He did	Lol	I'm lying lol	others
5064	What a result from Arsenal today. Best we’ve played overall this year. We were so much better than a quality Spurs team today. I’m looking at you bro	Well considering you rested most of your team on Thursday and we played inter on Wednesday this explains a lot.sure we are back to third today anyway	Hahahaha. Maybe bro maybe. Or maybe your team are shams and finally got schooled.	others
5065	just bought this... u_u he’s cute	your mind. and it’s so cheap	IKR i had to pay for shipping but so worth	others
5066	"namjoon is 5'11"" i'm not going to criticize anyone's taste in music but the height thing is objectively wrong"	"they'd all literally tower over me, at a striking 5'3""!"	i'm 3 inches taller than any of them lmao	others
5067	Some Locals need to understand. Im a different beast at LAN. People can verify that. Going from my house to LAN is a fuckin upgrade.	i disagree haha	Cmon steve? WE AINT GONNA TALK ABOUT USS TEXAS? i got streaks-_-	others
5068	Wow ajsdgljsdag;k and shortly after pic one I got a tablet	You improved so much!!!! you can see how the line art becommes less sketchy I'm proud of you~	Oh I knowwww Im much more in love with my art.  I'm glad to see the improvement	others
5069	Told my aunt I wanted pork and she knows how much I love tomatoes so she put them together.....When I tell you I have seen heaven tonighg....	is she single though?	I am single. That is all you need to know.	others
5070	*and	You need to start watching your grammar before posting it	Twt should just add an edit button	others
5071	Favorite FT account?	I got 3 me myself and I !!!!	tight call I guess	others
5072	crap why isn't twitter giving me any notification for this? hello there it's been yongsun here	Twitter didn't do its job sometimes lol. Hello I'm taemin	i'd say most of the time sighs but here we are still kkk nice meeting you taemin!	others
5073	That was about the fighting, I am so not a raper	He had the craziest look in his eyes	I honestly thought he was gonna rape me, at one point he said “let’s get it on”	others
5074	Did you know gaming: In Castlevania, the Belmont’s are a monster hunting family. But did you know that Konami hid a little trick in the name! Belmont backwards actually spells “Vampire Hunter”	feeling belmont ass for dinner	Alucard’s name backwards actuall spells “Eat my ass or I’ll die”	others
5075	what should i set as my display name?	how do u get it as nothing? i’ve tried but it doesn’t let me ;(	it's a special character that becomes invisible!	others
5076	I might re-download KHUx then, I’ve got about 20000 jewels left so time to do some huge scouting	Wait, you like Kingdom Hearts too?!	I’m KH trash I got a Kingdom Key necklace last Christmas, but lost it in less than 2 months after I got it :’/	others
5077	Someone buy me arma 3 ill be ur friend	RISING STORM 2	CHING CHONG	others
5078	It’s true everybody is trying NOT to be ugly, but what is your DEGREE of ugly. That’s the question.	Smart smart very smart	how I felt reading your reply	others
5079	Excuse me! Hello? I have a Master in Electrical and Computer engineering plus 15 years experience and have been unemployed and looking for work for almost 3 THREE years. Can you please give me and other US citizens a job before you grant more	Where are you located?	Indiana - Hi There. Here is a link to my online resume: Thank you for your help on my job search and spreading awareness about the immigration issues affecting our country.	others
5080	makes me so angry, some gimp left a 9 week old Pomeranian puppy at Battersea because ‘it wasn’t working out’???! They must have had the poor thing for less than a week before giving up on it	I’ve known a few people that have given a dog up because it ‘wasn’t learning quick enough’. It’s disgusting	I just don’t know how people can do it, I fell in love with Phoebe the second I saw her, I’d never imagine treating her like anything other than family	others
5081	Do you have any subs? — I wouldn’t say no but I wouldn’t say yes either	How's that an answer?	It’s an idk	others
5082	Literally from the logo. Not a miracle shot at the buzzer, not the last play of the game, just shooting a jumper from nearly half-court to take the lead by 2 with 5 minutes to go. What a bomb	homie really just said fuck it	Only the beginning of December and since a few weeks ago he already looks like he’s playing his best hoops since last postseason	others
5083	My suggestion: use the giant wheel from the Price is Right.	That Bob Barker mic made a big impression!	I've been humming the show's theme song all day, too.	others
5084	I can only do so much by myself here	Wish I could play the competitive side of it like that	Yeah man, just gotta link up with a few buds & it will be just as fun. I really wish I could play 24/7 like back in the day but when I get a small chance I will play competitively.	others
5085	when i have money i’m getting something very similar to this tattooed	oh my i wanna make one just like that too	it’s so pretty isn’t it	others
5086	So come on then, entertain me....	4yr old grandson sick all over me this afternoon, might make you laugh	Oh bless him....poor you but bless him hope he feels better soon x	others
5087	Rachel McAdams in Game Night taught me an important winter weather lesson: you can use your nose to keep your phone screen going when your hands are occupied by mittens/diy surgery	That movie is so good	It really is! I was mad it wasn't a bigger hit. Long live the midbudget studio comedy!	others
5088	Sis be talking to us like we gangstas	Like ......what is goin on LMFAO	Lmao she’s lost it.	others
5089	"so that's a rude finger in the hallway of the AB leg and a ""fuck off sit down"" in the ON leg with NO retribution from the Speaker. Conservatives are rude children and don't belong anywhere near government"	Methinks we need a couple new speakers!	What bugs me is I've heard nothing more to this incident, the ontario one, all day.	others
5090	We'll be quote RTing agent/editor submissions instructions in this thread when we see them. Use these only if that agent/editor has liked your pitch.	How often does pitmad occur? Is it just once a year?	It's a quarterly event. Here's more details:	others
5091	I'm 8 pages in and they're still not fucking (not really) lol	I feel you there	It's terrible HAHAHA even within a one shot I can‘t help but procrastinate stuff	others
5092	Tonight was fun	You can call me master.	Zakartne bel vn lle hkit fi 3n your first impression taba3 sawte w then you were like LA2 RAFFY LA2	others
5093	Did anyone have a blue day. Foolish question. Down 1.88% today, not one blue.......	Just the one blue but well down on the day & now the year. G&T & chocolate is plentiful tonight as a result	In at the deep end ! Looking at it from another angle it’s probably the best learning curve	others
5094	Oh I get it but why? Lol	Cause no one in their right mind would order Pancreas	Lol - that’s true and I love you for your honesty. Wtf would order pancreas ha ha ha	others
5095	Lady Bird: 6/10. Decent watch but don’t feel I’ve taken much from it	Look at the blue waffle trailer mate belter film	As appealing as that sounds Lee, I think I’ll give it a miss! Thanks for the recommendation though!	others
5096	Today was... a lot. I’m still processing. It was like Whitney Plantation x10000000000.	It's a LONG EMOTIONAL day but so worth. SO worth it.	Very much so.	others
5097	If your in the 717 and order a hoodie I’ll bring it to you in person next week.	Hit me	What’s good g	others
5098	i love it rlly they look good as fuck lmao	THEY DO N ITS LITERALLY ONLY HALF THEIR FACES LIKE HOW-	JUST UTTER PERFECTION I CANT	others
5099	How do you like to end the stories you write?	Can't I have both?	Of course you can!	others
5100	Squirrels have big dick energy.	Oh fuck yeah they do!	Chris get's it!	others
5101	Me to my mum and aunties when I marry a Nigerian uncle.  Y’all won.	Loooooooooooooooool	Lool I hope they’re happy.	others
5102	Treated myself to gel nails for our Christmas pty tomorrow - I love them	Very nice!	Thx Denise i've never had them but love them	others
5103	Q1: What’s your plans this weekend gang? Anything nice?	I am hoping to finally get some Christmas presents for people, as well as go out for a meal with the family	That sounds like a fab weekend!!	others
5104	can’t believe Mercedes left me w/o saying goodbye.	No I didn’t!!! I said bye remember ! You and Mya was walking to the fresh friend	nahh that’s not a proper goodbye.	others
5105	coach them?	Nah... Alumni Relations..	Are they at least called the 47's ? or sticking with the Wrestling theme we go with one of our legends we call them The Grapplers with Lens mug on the helmet. Also a They Live theme would be cool where they look different with special glasses lol	others
5106	ollie really is doing the hsm au, huh?	ajdjdkfb i rlly am!	I’m excited !!!!	others
5107	Friends isn’t even worth that 100mil. This is bullshit. We could’ve gotten way better shows and movies	I just wonder how much they make off having Friends on Netflix. I love friends though	I mean probably a lot. It’s been on there for a long time and a good amount of people watch it. I just believe all that money can be used for a better cause Netflix has been needing better classics on there for years. Yet they use it to keep one show on there	others
5108	Wow dem cookie skillssssssss	we stan a wife that can bake	Yea nope i cant bake i just got the cookies then decorated them sksksksks they were supposed to be for cheer but NOPE	others
5109	Thank you very much!	If I enjoy it I'll give you a good review	Thank you again. Mostly for giving it a chance.	others
5110	Going to two country concerts this weekend...add me on Snap because we all know I’ll be over-sharing on there.	I just added you	Yayy!! I added you back!!	others
5111	my favorite albums of 2018 <3	my good dude ....ill die for idles	this snowflake's an avalanche uwu	others
5112	こんばんは♡ 今夜の夕食は手羽先と大根煮とマグロの三つ葉和えを作りました。 大根は(昨夜のうちに下ごしらえ。米ぬかで下茹でしていたので)味も染み込みトロトロ~ 手羽先も柔らかくホロホロ~(*⁰▿⁰*) 皆様、今夜も穏やかな夜をお過ごし下さい  Have a good night.☆	肚子饿了！	good morning♪☆	others
5113	I mean Cardi was just a regular bitch too , y’all sound dumb lol	True but she the only female that actually broke up with a rapper that cheated that’s the crazy part it got to be something else lol	we will see	others
5114	I should really finish my Christmas shopping considering I’m 37 weeks pregnant and if the baby is early, there’s some people who won’t be getting presents this year	I keep thinking this about wrapping them I’m due in a week so I need to get a wiggle on!	Oh wow we ain’t too far apart. I’m due on Boxing Day but you know when you have the feeling you’ll be early I just need to get it all sorted incase I am	others
5115	Time to watch the 2018 YouTube year-in-review video and feel COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY DISCONNECTED TO YOUTH CULTURE DEATH COMES FOR US ALL	I ... know who Will Smith is.	There's like a five second clip of John Oliver in there too.	others
5116	Cuz I got outside I’ve played 4 ruffles servers all year	That's cool I've played 3...	You’ve played way more lmfao and you play on a console with less people	others
5117	We're really going with , huh?  Fine.	Better than that the Blues tried last year.	Oh, it's not the worst one I've seen. Just a little... meh.	others
5118	Dimensional brunette . . Used for style.	Love the tones. Great job Lizz.	Thank you very much!!	others
5119	so... he	I'm like dropping hints that you're the prettiest girl you're the prettiest girl	I'm like dropping hints that i love you so much  i love you so much	others
5120	for anyone i’ve tried to convince i didn’t do anything to my lips just know i used to look like this so . it don’t add up sis	omg	she’s blind AND ugly	others
5121	Everyday gets harder and fucking harder not to leave this fucking job	You put ur notice in?	No I got a fat ass Christmas bonus and a week of paid time off work in a couple weeks so I’m sticking it out, January May be my last month here tho	others
5122	Still remember that day I was wallin and sold my Xbox 360 cause I wanted money to cop some Moccasins	Wowwwww that’s low	Freshman year king I ain’t have a job yet	others
5123	This new earl sweatshirt is a dumpster fire....... boring af what do you think?	You trippin	What do you like about it?	others
5124	you’re such a disappointment!	Hello Violet, Did you recieve any bad service? If yes please let us know the challenges you faced. Your feedback is what helps us improve our services to you our customers. ^M.U	We requested for a Visa card about three months ago but we are constantly told the printing card services are down. For three months... really ???	others
5125	Curious Cat leads to everyone knowing too much about people’s kinks.	Way too much	I don’t really want to know who likes being called what	others
5126	It's 10 pm and I haven't studied at all	witzig	This is me having a breakdown dila leave	others
5127	"The NDP has spent 3.5 years spiking the ball claiming they will ""get that pipeline built."" They're going to look incredible foolish when the election rolls around and there's no pipeline being built."	Sarah Hoffman sounds very angry today	Likely the last time she'll have a chance to lie on behalf of the government.	others
5128	Some Locals need to understand. Im a different beast at LAN. People can verify that. Going from my house to LAN is a fuckin upgrade.	can confirm	You havnt seen it yet. If u came to wgg last year.	others
5129	معاناة رجل.	Spoiler alert : La	Also, and this is borderline insane, the thick bitch of which I speak, knows and is friendly towards Mobydick lqhba....	others
5130	I’ve been wearing the shortest skirts out recently and I’m loving it	bet so many men stare	I love catching them in the act too	others
5131	Time to watch youtube rewind and suffer	no shit my friend and i already said its the worst one so far	I'm a dumbass glutton for punishment it seems	others
5132	Time Sure Does Fly! Hard to Believe this Little Guy is 504 Months! He Likes to Play Guitar, Ride Bikes, Longboard, Paint, Cook and Spend Time with His Friends, Family, Beautiful Wife and Daughter! God is Good!	HBD	Thanks, man!	others
5133	I love you Jongkook Although I will never see you in my life..	You really love this boy?	Yeah , i love jungkook so much	others
5134	Holiday season.	Pls help.	Help can't come to the phone. (?)	others
5135	Nose officially pierced bant	Did it hurt?	The piercing itself didn’t but then she botched putting the jewellery in the first time and that hurt a wee bit aha, much less painful than I thought it’d be	others
5136	It’s my birthday! pls send me lets go eevee or super smah bros pls or not thats also cool also pls treat yourself to some mcdonalds friend thats a better gift	Happy Birthday! :D	Hahahah thanks Sam!	others
5137	does Chuze offer any swim classes at any of their Colorado locations?	Hi there! We don't offer swim classes, but we do have water exercise classes like AquaFit.	At which location is that available at?	others
5138	I have an order coming tomorrow can I get it delivered in the evening please	Thanks for reaching out. Please connect with us via phone or live chat here and we can look into our options for your shipment: ^GS	Can’t use live chat as there’s no option when clicking link	others
5139	Anyone else in the 405 experiencing a surge in spam calls this week? Thought there might be a correlation with getting a new phone, some embedded app/bloatware leaking my number, but I don't think so.	From weird places like Seminole, Harrah and other smaller towns.	I've had a few that try to emulate in our area code. But the number of robo and spam calls I've received has dramatically spiked this week.	others
5140	No bloody phone or internet all day amazing how much I rely on it. Not been stressed much. Bloody o2	I've had the same problem on Tesco which is 02	I’ve had a nightmare with it. So many calls to make. Sending msgs that failed and I kept pressing retry they failed only for clients to have the same msg 10 times. No satnav so completely lost and no bloody twitter	others
5141	SalmWoml L Lemons A lol Lemon A	What is going on?	I’ve just seen this. Phone clearly went crazy lol	others
5142	When I read this thread about the different standards US Evangelical Christians applied to Presidents Obama and Trump, it reminds me of how some Nigerian Christians and ethnic bigots treat President Buhari.  Nigerian Christians	"Nigerian Christians? A sweeping statement....few bad eggs who are beneficiaries of corruption cannot define Nigerian Christians.  I stand with Buhari - Mai Gaskiya!  Ideology is what matters in US politics. It's about who protects......""right or ""left"""	"I said ""some Nigerian Christians""."	others
5143	Okumalık saracak bir kitap önerisi verebilecek var mı be	dini kitap yazmamalıyım	say pls	others
5144	I can’t even finish a bowl of cereal i am so fucked rn	Try apple sauce it helps a lot.	Thank you!	others
5145	If ya bustin round in them Fila webs ya heed needs a massive wobble	Personally I think they are belter but each to there own I guess	Behave ya self	others
5146	Love being disliked by someone I’ve never even spoken to??	Ur not invited get over it!!!	glad I’m not invited x	others
5147	*** JAMES CHARLES x MORPHE GIVEAWAY! ***   2 Lucky winners will be chosen, this is an international giveaway!! I will be picking the winners on Dec.22.  Rules: 1. Must follow me on Twitter 2. RT this post with a comment on why you want to win.  Love you guys and good luck!	I want to win, because As a guy, James inspires me to do what I want to do with no regrets on how people and society will view me.	Aww I love this, good luck my love!	others
5148	Expectation VS Reality	The latest in a venerable lineage!	Awww it’s my great great grandfather!	others
5149	Thank you for the mention. Have I told you how much I love your thinking & writing about romance?	*blushes* Thank you! It’s such a wide, adaptive genre — there’s always something new to bring up.	"Also, ""volunteer ad-libbed Nativity play""? SOLD!"	others
5150	Think I must have a gambling problem if I’m chucking money down on the I’m a celeb price boost oh well make sure you don’t vote for big john	Night off from gambling till you fucking tweeted about it	What I like to see on the beers if it comes in	others
5151	i can’t believe i’m gonna be single for the rest of my life	I’m sure issac is still available	oh god i’d rather not	others
5152	I did this a long time ago and it was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made	I've deleted it from my phone and only check it from my home computer. On my reason I've kept it is because I get local students from it. Twitter and Instagram are my favorites	"I actually have a Facebook account with no friends, I'm not searchable, etc and use it for running my biz pages. Plus a little plugin called ""news feed eradicator"" that hides your timeline so there's no distractions."	others
5153	You and me vs the world. I will always be right by your side always be there through thick and thin no matter what the odds. I love you forever. Nothing will change that.	I love you so much, baby.. I can't thank you enough for all that you've been by my side for..	-she held him kisses him softly- I love you too and I cant thank you enough either....	others
5154	I’m literally going to ship my ass over to bri and get her to give me all the addresses of the guys who have hurt her so I can beat the shit of them because they are shit heads snd need to be taught s lesson	I’m coming with	Good I’ll pack some brass knuckles	others
5155	I just don’t see marriage and kids as a goal in my life and im literally almost 30	Hey atleast you’ll admit it instead of doing it and Fucking up	I’m not dumb enough for these girls	others
5156	"I talked to Owen Ovadoz. I asked him if he sees the shit ppl say about him on twitter he was like ""I don't care what people say"". I said the Instagram live was not right he said ""Hear me out I don't regret anything"". The promoter guy was like you want a pic I was like nah bye"	wait what happened!?	He said on an insta live once he's r*or white bitches. Now you tell me if he ain't utter trash for that.	others
5157	This isn’t usual entertaining firebrand writing but a more thoughtful introspective look at the scene of President Bush’s DC funeral. Much like George H.W. Bush himself.	Ever notice how the Post’s Trump hatred is couched in ‘could have’ or ‘might have’ or ‘maybe’? Their hatred is so extreme and irrational they hate him for what he might do.	That’s one perspective, I suppose. I think many more of us, WaPo included, have been conditioned by Trump consistently abhorrent and uncharitable behavior as President to expect the worst and be genuinely surprised when we don’t get it.	others
5158	Portugal becomes the 16th official chart in the world where Shallow is a #1 hit. Australia, Austria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Latvia, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland, UK.	You forgot France	wrong. it has peaked at #6 in France so far.	others
5159	A true master I know it's not how Stands work, but I love the idea of Ghiaccio having to learn how to ice skate when receiving White Album	An EXCELLENT piece of media, this should go in the Canon tbh (also the?)	awwww thank you ;;;w;;;	others
5160	Somebody be my secret gf challenge	loool why do you want a secret gf what to heck. good luck tho	Cause I'm not ones business lol	others
5161	No thank you	I’m readyyyyy	Omg really I’m so scared my vagina is gonna break :(	others
5162	Me and my little brother are taking apart the big bunk bed and he took this massive pole off and let it fall on my head almost had a concussion, man tryna lose the 2 brain cells I have left smh	Cold world	tell me about it fs the pain	others
5163	Tagged by eeE Am tagging-	You are a great friend and talent artist. Would do this but no one replied when I tried to do it on my own. :(	Hecc thank you and I also appreciate u a lot friendo .w.	others
5164	I really hate dozing off on the couch (cause I've got work to do) because I swear I wake up with a stiff every damn time. It's like an accidental nap is a trigger for my body to fuck. I don't get it, but it's... inconvenient, to say the least.	Afternoon Wood?	It's quite a greeting.	others
5165	I guess I gotta do this now	Thanks for always being slightly more awkward than me <3	You're still ackward asf bish. That's why I luv you.	others
5166	Twittersphere: Do you have a favorite aggregate/discount site for flights?	Skiplagged	Thanks!!	others
5167	“I’m unfollowing people”  “mass unfollowing “  “feel free to unfollow back”	Tikafikitsa sub yi	Rt to save a life x	others
5168	Breath of the wild is honestly stunning, i've never had this much fun playing a open world game Gameplay: 10/10 Story: 9/10 Soundtrack: 10/10	bro you're actually making me so jealous rn	it's actually amazing, if you ever get around and buy yourself a Switch you better get this game	others
5169	Know any anime-style artists that are good at drawing Fire Emblem-esque characters and backdrops (like an evening backdrop with good torchlight lighting)? Looking to commission. Help me spread this around <3	What's your budget? I'll have a look	I want something quite nice so 150 USD max. It'll be one character, probably relatively simple night backdrop with full moon, with her holding up a small flame so there's some lighting involved	others
5170	Lmaoo dude that’s crazy	Nothing new!!	I got surprised lmao	others
5171	“It’s Christmas time!!! Why don’t you want to listen to Christmas music???”  Listen. Listen to me closely. I work retail	Retail Christmas music is the worst kind too	I can’t tell you how sick I am of sia and Kelly Clark dons holiday songs	others
5172	5 meeting day: completed Always Cheating Advice Shop: open We're opening up a special mini-edition of the Always Cheating Advice Shop. 100% accurate answers to your dilemmas for the next 15 minutes starting...now.	If you had the money: Would you double up with offensive ManCity during christmas with the rotation risk that comes with it? Sterling the obvious no 1 pick - who is no 2?	I think Sane is the #2, but David Silva is close	others
5173	today i'm so sleep deprived that i feel like i might be dying but tomorrow. tomorrow i WILL write my secret santa fic	I'm so happy to hear I'm not the only one who hasn't written it yet	oh DEFINITELY not man i like,,, started it, but then had no idea where i was going or how i was gonna finish it in under 5k words so i just stopped jkfdhfh	others
5174	the flash flood warning RLY interrupted me singing crystal snow this morning how rude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	i hate humans and their care for other humans	TRULY	others
5175	Merci la manif pour le ptit week-end de 4 jours	Faignasse	Silence	others
5176	things to do while waiting for smash to download: - drink a whole water bottle - do chores like a normal person - eat a whole sleeve of crackers - open splatoon, remember that uses the internet, close splatoon - eggman dancing gif - finally give up and play trauma center	- eat pant	i guess	others
5177	Pakistanio ko Ando aur murgio ki nahi mammo ki zarurat hai...	i missed ur tweets	Yar ab to tweets Kar rha h	others
5178	So! Who are these non-working Ontarians?	The majority are recent immigrants and/or refugees. I know this for a fact.	Can you send a link?	others
5179	I just remembered when facetimed me to cleanse his house of a spirit....with a match hahahahaha	HAHAHAHAHAHAHA	I've got the pics on my old phone of it as well it's literally you hiding under a chair and one where you're holding up a match looking scared hahahahahaha	others
5180	I barely use Spotify I need to see a wrap-up.	That would be good actually	I looked at my Spotify wrap-up and based on the little that I actually use it the results are incredibly inaccurate.	others
5181	good news kat doesnt intimidate me anymore so now theres only like seven or eight mutuals that still do	am i one of those seven or eight?	i mean ... you did but no not anymore i weirdly feel like we're already friends even though we rarely ever talk	others
5182	FLORIDA CENTERED THEIR TWITTER PROFILE PICTURE OH MY GOD I AM SO PROUD	its centered, but not like visibly centered which makes me angry	nah that's like 100000x times better than what they had before, i don't mind the stem going off	others
5183	What's wrong with me? I'm actually writing a paper before the day its due!	When does your semester end?	Last exam is Tuesday night so I’ll be coming home on Wednesday. You?	others
5184	So I just read about elf on the shelf... Issa no go for me	We have one and she hates her lol	really I don’t think my kid would like that either	others
5185	Sigh i’m constantly refreshing my DMs	don’t give up angel!! i’ll try n help you	Thank u so much	others
5186	A MÃO DE CORTA CHEGA A TREME	Meu deus que isso que mulhe	MONTAGEM	others
5187	In case you’re wondering, here’s how Bean is handling her newfound fame:	LIKE A BOSS! <3	She's so cool and aloof. (She's not, she's a lovebug, but she needs her beauty rest.)	others
5188	Just in! In a stunning turn of events, J.P. is now head of Identity Evropa! Announced early during an unplanned press conference. Story continues page two.	Nooo. Tara is the head not me. Have they been making you work after hours again mate?	Non Fake News Never Stops.	others
5189	prosecutors can get them from what was seized in Ed Burke's office...had to have kept them for cross ref.	Come on?! Take another poll it should be in the 80's?!!	Yeah but the 63% are consistently in their right minds and do not think Spnge Bob or Patrick would be a great AG or UN Ambassador!	others
5190	Someone stop me Foreal, take my phone away	NO WTF WE ARENT DONE LMFAO	Bitchhhh You make me come up with ideas I shouldn’t	others
5191	1. Is that dagibee  2. Why are there so many languages	ja du blinde	So u blind shaming me now? Disgusting	others
5192	3 movies, tag 5: non horror edition! Must be 3 non horror films. The Breakfast Club Samurai Cop Terminator	Rear Window Breakfast at Tiffany's The Bad and The Beautiful	Isn't rear window kind of horror though? I'll allow it, since it's more suspenseful than anything.	others
5193	the best/only people:    those bts kids maybe the worst people: the rest of yall	hey stop im feigning madness	done,,,just,,, come over here i wanna give you smooches	others
5194	Tennessee Titans vs Jacksonville Jaguars Color Rush Thursday Night Football. A time-honored tradition unlike any other. TITAN UP THURSDAY NIGHT	The whole first sentence of this just makes me cringe. I don’t think I can watch it	it’s every americans civil duty. a cross we must all bear	others
5195	god I'm so fucking psyched for this game	Hadn't heard about this. Now I want it. Thanks	they announced it like 5 years ago and it's finally coming out, suddenly. hopefully it'll be very very good	others
5196	If you could take a Three's Company fantasy tour, what places would you visit? I would hit up the Santa Monica pier, the beach, and the L.A. Zoo for starters!	Went there this summer. It was awesome.	Love it!!! Wish I was there now...	others
5197	Thoughts on why December VX is up twice spot (now that we’ve recovered it all today)? There’s still 2 weeks until settlement, so wouldn’t think it’s the magnetic pull.	Bc bloomy is showing you the change from dec4 on vix and the change from Dec5 am session on uxz8	Oh that’s right	others
5198	Lemme pin this...	This lady command excellence, jealous up	She's amazing	others
5199	i don’t have a christmas themed pun for my stupid name,,, we live in a society	merry pristmas	that is the most disgusting thing i’ve ever read	others
5200	Twittersphere: Do you have a favorite aggregate/discount site for flights?	Kayak	Thanks!!	others
5201	Or just never wear the ridiculous hobbles.	Last year I had an argument with mom for this. I bought a skirt and showed her, she said all I needed then was high heels. I said no way and all hell broke loose. She wanted to convince me heels are actually good for your back. The brainwashing on women is horrific	My mother never wore anything but heels. Her tendons were so shortened she couldn't put her heels flat on the floor. High heeled shoes are yet another control device.	others
5202	monday and next friday is bring a friend for free to six flags but sadly i dont have any haha.	only if I drove ):	or if i did /: we would totally go!	others
5203	Aw, I was thinking of a followback but then I saw you retweet Bill O'Reilly. Sorry.	Any problem with that?	That's rhetorical right?  Unless your retweets of O'Reilly, support for a wall, support for ICE and a tweet calling African Americans stupid are done in protest to those things, I really have no desire to see what you post on a daily basis.	others
5204	Wow I'm so not in the mood for December	Why?	Friend being home is too stressful if I'm being honest	others
5205	Can someone answer what videosubscriptionsd is doing or which app uses it ?	Weißt du vllt warum diese 2 am meisten saugen ?	Ein tweak	others
5206	Bloody sad news, he and the Buzzcocks made some fantastic music.	Too young	Definitely, their songs were a huge part of my yoof.	others
5207	First day canny believe am no about to see it! Check my wee beauty out you go girl be brave	didnt see this till now x	You’re alright babe x	others
5208	Thanks	Great fun, top group, real- world clinical discussions and lovely to back in the austere Physiocure clinic.  Next time I'll bring my golf clubs!	Did you do a typo with Austere?	others
5209	Won 2 tickets to Saturdays game	Jesus you must be over the moon	I am pal! Go to the football & a saturday off work.....belting	others
5210	Idk why ya let me have a baby by Ty Beats	Why do you play so much	B/c I’m mad at everybody ya dead wrong	others
5211	Hold up..wait a minute...the Breakfast Club is back on Netflix.	Classic	Precisely !	others
5212	Help! Name that Christmas song /carol. I’m not cheating at a pub quiz (I promise)... my friends are	It was really annoying me! I was trying to google it for you! X	It was driving me crazy!! I knew someone on twitter would get it	others
5213	november 29 2018  ya girl just got tatted  please send prayers that i don’t die tonight from my parents	Still haven't texted me tf it is!!!	it’s an equal sign!	others
5214	O meu gato têm um novo desporto. Caçar-me o nariz para o lamber. Com aquela lixa. Foda-se!	Imagina se fosse um bico.	Isto?	others
5215	Good for him. Might teach her a lesson	I've just read this too. Definitely a great idea.	I think we're supposed to feel outraged on her behalf !! They'll have a long wait....	others
5216	Read em and weep x	Crying by the campfire x	The superior sad boi playlist x	others
5217	YO I WASNT TRYING TO REIGNITE THAT TWEET IM JUST DRUNK POSTING	I would like to hear all of your thoughts at this critical time	I am garbage, save yourself	others
5218	*chewing a mouthful of shredded wheat* *hic-ups, causes me to choke on a small piece* *coughs do to that small piece* *sends all the shredded wheat up my nose* *now sneezing and blowing shredded wheat out of nose* Maybe I should just quit today and go back to bed..	Snotted wheat	And for that I cam cooking can salmon, enjoy your fishy smelling house!	others
5219	Lmfao nigga DIS ME	you’re lying lmfaooooo	I stgggg lmao	others
5220	Whats some good movies or tv shoes on Netflix?	How to get away with murder	Everybody been telling me to watch that imma watch it tonight	others
5221	Taking a night off stressing and busying myself around others and focusing on me.	Here if you need to talk	Thanks girl, just taking a step away from life tonight	others
5222	HELLO IT’S MY BIRTHDAY	happy birthday	thank u!	others
5223	I JUST GOT TO SCHOOL AND ALMOST DIED ON THE FREEWAY 7 TIMES DKDJKD BE CAREFUL IN THE RAIN YALL	OMG BE CAREFUL !hsjakana	JDHDJD TY	others
5224	if it helps i got one i don’t use sugar	let me purchase it off u	free bbe, u my friend	others
5225	Roses are red, violets are pink. Niggas is dickheads, I need a drink	Wtf	Actual factual	others
5226	I am so excited	I can't wait! Between this and 7Seeds, it's been a great year for us shojo fans. Now if only we could get second seasons to shows like Yona and Snow White	I know I wish they would a 2nd season for Yona but it seems it won't happen!!! Yona needs it. The action and the story is getting so much better with every volume	others
5227	So i’m trying to get pregnant so i’m due in late September/early october. So i can be on maternity leave my 3 months through the holidays	Smart! Lol	i just thought about it early this week. Bc my employer be tripping during the holidays, got something for they ass	others
5228	Cough cough	42,121**	Sorry si	others
5229	So I'm having Internet problems so if I don't tweet when I get back then still remember angel loves yaxxx	O2 is down so no data this end, but my neighbour is letting me use her WiFi. Love u too Angel sister. XX	Wuhoo it's back on I just was doing a facial massage with frankincense oil and my phone went crazy.. I was like OMG WHAT'S HAPPENING THOUGHT IT WAS GUNNA BURST INTO FLAMES LOL XX	others
5230	I am jumping for joy right now. Frederick is getting a !! We love it and go whenever we are near one.	Never heard of it lol	It is a Mediterranean fast food. Yummy!!	others
5231	Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn Please don't be about Zayn	It's not about Zayn. Bs Zayn f interview mn kam esbo3 kan be2ol kalam mesh helw 3alehom.	Lma 2al eno msh Moslem?	others
5232	To the airport	Have a safe and easy flight	Thank you so much boss! :D!!	others
5233	I need a nap	Did you have fun today Jim got to love these E ticket ride days at the Markets	I did.. was a good day for me. But I’m exhausted	others
5234	My first semester of marking 60 final essays has taught me one pearl of wisdom I wish to pass on to	The result of un-originalisms...	I’m so relieved to be finished!!	others
5235	did they do surgery on a grape	you’re levels beyond late	fuck	others
5236	* at Food4Less and they’re playing X-mas music* Jess: Are you singing? Me: yeah y? Jess: so i Can beat the shit out of you!	Give the grinch a hug	She’s not a grinch...you should know that	others
5237	Can someone answer what videosubscriptionsd is doing or which app uses it ?	what I have read about is that you need that for playing youtube vids or playing stuff from itunes, spotify etc. I renamed it, and till now no probs with any media player on my phone. Ask in our discord buddy, he knows alot about that ;)	Oh nice thx for info ...	others
5238	Water, chocolate milk, apple juice, captain, Gatorade	You better put coke on one of those fingers cause I know damn well you ain’t drinking that captain straight	Lmaooo it was that or Gatorade	others
5239	Why is bras so expensive	You got titties?	Yeah boy we got the same size I think	others
5240	people: man i wish roblox would make their game more secure wtf >:(((( roblox: *removes a feature(bug) causing huge security issues* people: wtf i can’t sell black boxes that definitely dont have backdoors to peopl WTF!!!! >>>:(((((	I think most ppl r angry cuz there's no alternative	there is it's called using better development practices	others
5241	I'll cop a switch for Smash Bros alone	Man!!!	Shit look ridiculous	others
5242	"Did I just make greg a 6 hour ""punk-pop"" education playlist? Yep."	I need to peer review this	It's a little biased towards stuff I already know he likes or rly doesn't	others
5243	Going to rt this and shout it into the void, hoping that someone will listen. Kevin Condron is a user and emotionally abusive to people who try to help him. We don't need frauds like him in wrestling.	can you dm us and elaborate on this?	I'm pretty sure I explain it somewhere haha	others
5244	I don't think this works if the app running on Alice and Bob's devices has end to end encryption.	Depends on how well the app does it. If done well, it can only get one side of the conversation via keylogging / taplogging .	Now see what you're saying. You'd need good encryption plus a one-time pad to get round that (unless there's another technical approach I haven't thought of) Good point.	others
5245	yayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayay to this Andy Williams track to start the show	Thanks Jonathan. Glad you liked the Andy Williams my friend.	Sue my friend I am not sure if you have this festive tune by Gene Autry, or whether you need to delve in the record archives, lol but may I request Gene Autry Rudolf The Red Nosed Raindier? Wendy my mum used to have the album on vinal.	others
5246	I think be secretly borrowing money out my account and then put it back in after. Every time I check my balance it’s something different	They do. Nigga Yk banks take out your account to give to others and replace it back!	That’s what I heard bro	others
5247	I just can’t wait to be in Riyadh.	Is Egypt that boring?	No it was fun but i miss home.	others
5248	TBH battle pass doesn't even look that good	Bruh what do you even mean!	there's nothing that excites me on it. Its all just kinda meh	others
5249	Deep 3 shooter? Career 34% 3P shooter  Scorer? 1 scoring title 27.2 career PPG  Passer? 0 assist titles but alright  Leader? Led his teams to 3-6  Chase down block? Lebron didn’t invent the chase down block nor is he the best ever at it	LLLLL	Tell me where the lie is in this tweet	others
5250	WTF?! Where are your damn employees!!! I need to get on a flight. Travelers are standing here and there’s no one 에서	Which airport are you at? -Maeghan	I was at DCA. Myself and customers ended up calling. Thank god there was no phone hold. I caught my flight.	others
5251	Find GG a 2 day rolling loud ticket	they’re selling more next week	Thank you	others
5252	Hope this isn’t confirmed	Sadly so...	Fuck	others
5253	If you know who my brother is.....don’t let him see this	I wish I understood bc everyone else is laughing	His snap has these every other day	others
5254	Same	I'm writing finals oo what's your excuse?	I’m broke and sad.	others
5255	Who bought the	Bought with earned V-Bucks	i had to buy some :[ theyre draining my wallet with those emote lol	others
5256	Kenosha?	Bro she be havin me weak asf	Nah I deleted her after she was posting her girlfriend snaking her booty n shit I was like yea nah I’m outta here	others
5257	When I first joined twitter, I thought people who get plenty LIKES are rich	And now ?	The story has change	others
5258	boys can blink and their hair grows 2 inches, girls do a 10-step process every day for 3 months, take hair, skin, & nail vitamins, and pray every morning and night to promote hair growth and it grows 1/48th of an inch	what prompted you to tweet this	tell me i’m wrong	others
5259	tsxirl	Blame VSCode plugin. It's been driving me up a wall as well. Webstorm doesn't have this issue (or VSCode ootb to be fair)	Yup! I wanted to get a screenie before I disabled it.	others
5260	Mate, your ex managers red Christmas tree got under your skin.... Does this mean that the Ev are 16 points below average then? Talking of trophy-less seasons, it's been 23 now hasn't it?	As comical as you blurts getting all hot and steamy about the Liver building being Blue!!	Nobody was in the slightest bit arsed lad. A fella doctored a picture on here and turned it red, he ended up getting banned because your lot reacted how you wanted us to. Pathetic.	others
5261	no one likes my bknee socks and i’m sAD	i LOVE THEM	THANK U	others
5262	Ok I’m so confused as to what Triple Eviction means on BBCAN lol	It means the first eviction is normal and the second one 2 people leave	I see, I think I wasn’t paying attention lol. 2 people leave at the same time! I thought it would be 2 different HOH	others
5263	"After years of Googling ""em dash"" and copy / pasting the symbol every time I needed one, I finally—accidentally—discovered the keyboard shortcut. Today is a good day."	Don't leave us in suspense.	I feel like I'd be revealing a secret handshake or something.	others
5264	Hi I really don't like complaining about this but I swear sometimes it's just UNNECESSARY for your body to mimic the feeling of your uterus being shoved into a blender for 48 hours of your life you know?	I honestly can’t relate because I don’t get those days at all but I’ll send hugs and stuff! :c	I usually don't either which is why I don't like complaining about it but thanks for the hugs!	others
5265	HAPPYBIRTHDAY NYANU	Thank you!	Nyanu no prob just have fun but dont get too drunk if you drink	others
5266	i wish you could change your username on lastfm	me too i dont want the one i have rn anymore.	yeah. i dont wanna be cannibalbf anymore but i also dont want to remake my account..........	others
5267	‘Afters (Hopper, New York Movie, 1939)’, 2018, watercolour on paper.	Gosh I loved that painting so much when I first saw it at college	First time I saw it in real life was last year at the ‘After the fall’ show at the royal academy and I spent a lot of time with it for sure :))	others
5268	This is why I have an irrational fear of sketch books	Oh gosh, I can relate to this, I've got TONS of sketchbooks I hoard but never actually draw anything in them	Yeahhhh, I would like to use some but it would just be filled with pages of abominations lol	others
5269	Relationships are like tires, you always need a spare.	Hoe	I try to be	others
5270	I SUCK AT DRIVING IN PUBGISKDNFN	me too so you can continue to do it	why me... you have hands you drive	others
5271	i am the most indie person NA prove me wrong nerds.	Hipster	i'm not like other girls	others
5272	Alternatively join me in anger over remembering these pictures exist. What gives him the right.	i'm upset	I just don't understand why this is necessary	others
5273	According to trans activists women of color are proof that men, too, can be women! Totally not racist at all.	You’re literally not even reading my messages bc you’re responding to assumptions of what i stand for rather than responding to me	You’re literally comparing women of color to men which is blatantly racist. All women are women, whether we have blonde hair, black hair, a chronic illness, are mixed race etc. we will always be women.	others
5274	Announcing Our Roster so far this for this season !	Can i get a tryout	Build ?	others
5275	1. Thought more about Shorten’s flip. Yesterday reminded me of Tampa debate with Labor having the power this time. But Libs will say anything to win - think children overboard. Shorten may have feared a similar lie he didn’t pass encryption after desperate Morrison presser.	I don't care, Shorten just showed how gutless he is not to do the right thing after the experts told them this is putting all Australians in harms way, it is and was a very dangerous bill to pass.	is there an encryption service the law doesn’t apply to?	others
5276	i wanna go to the beach w my friends an be basic an take cute pictures	Yes ma’am ‘cept it’s a whole 50 degrees	don’t rain on my parade	others
5277	What's almost as good as winning at the	Pretty cool service! Like the concept!	Thanks ! We think it's cool concept too!	others
5278	D&D 5e Through the Breach Invisible Sun Doctor Who Torg Eternity Paranoia Blades in the Dark Honey Heist	None :( but I have played lots of board games, so there's that	Those were mostly convention games and one shots but in my defense, I was working out of town for most of the year	others
5279	I'm loving your light, vulnerable letting your guard down, it's honorable	SPECIALLY WHEN THE PAST AINT BEEN THAT FRIENDLY TO YOU BUT THERES MAGIC IN THAT	YOU THE FLOWER THAT I GOTTA PROTECT	others
5280	Why would the CTF have any legal standing? It is a taxpayers federation with no mandate from Canadian taxpayers and 6 members. They are an astroturf organization for the Conservative Party of Canada. That's all.	I thought it was 5 members. They must be picking up steam!	Who knows. I would love to find out how to get so a hostile takeover by actual taxpayers can occur.	others
5281	There are zero things surprising ab	Love it! According to Pandora, I listened to 3,000 minutes of Grateful Dead in November and I totally believe that!	Whoa! That’s amazing! You’re the ultimate fan.	others
5282	It is Saint Nicholas Day!  In the Netherlands it was already yesterday, though even back in Germany I never really celebrated it... But hey, free candy is always appreciated regardless!	Free chocolateee! XD	THE BEST!! w	others
5283	Got another 4 kittens I'm fostering via	As cute as you and that's a ton of cute u should be in every Humane Society commercial such a good ambassador 4 Milwaukee hey how is your writing career i see your friend Ginger Zee has another book out she is going 2 help your national meteorolgy career she respects your work	That's very kind. is a trailblazer for women in science fields. We need more people like her. ;) Cats and weather...how can you go wrong?	others
5284	Oh boy why didn’t anyone tell me THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER would skyrocket me to cloud nine in a heartbeat? Thank you for resuscitating my tired soul, I want to sing about this wonderful film forever	Ella! You need only have asked!	I ask now! Direct me to everything I must know about Lubitsch and every single Jimmy Stewart moment I can find!	others
5285	just so yall know this link sends you to digital links to the orchestra album so no need to pay $65 for an old cd player. youre welcome	or yaknow ,,, you can listen to it in the carnjsjsjsj	some of us cant drive autumn!!	others
5286	The general public have no connection and little realisation in what they pick up without thinking from the supermarket shelves. We need farmers, especially those from	That's not the general public's fault.	No its not, we have been presented with straight carrots and perfect apples and we don't know anything different. Meanwhile the farmers suffer.	others
5287	Then a cyst started growing on my spinal nerve root and I had sciatic pain down both legs. Still recovering. Working on stretching.	I have an inversion table. That works stretching out my spine	I have thought of getting one. I just don’t know where I put it. Most houses on the island do not have basements. So we are limited to two floors. We moved from a 3 story, 4 bedroom house in Calgary to a 2 story, 3 bedroom house. We have NO room even after all the downsizing	others
5288	My mum is such a hater but tbh if it wasn’t for her constantly doubting me I probably wouldn’t be where I am now	That’s good and bad :/	For real	others
5289	THIS IS SO CUTE. prolly won’t listen to cardi as much next year though.	ALL UR TOP SONGS R FREDO LOL	sis i am obsessed. i listened to him for 15 hours.	others
5290	When patrons ask me moderately obvious questions I want to just say sure let me google that for you.	Or you could just send them to	Yeah part of me understands some people have mitigating circumstances, like no computer access or such but there are a few where they clearly are computer literate and just can’t be bothered	others
5291	Some people at my school really want me dead, they punch me to suicide and tbh it hurts and I want to die	what?? why?? i can’t imagine any justification for this, ill kick their asses	They told me I’m useless and stuff like this, always talking shit in my back	others
5292	coconut head looking ass	DOEEEEEEE IT'S SO CUTE I LOVE IT	u sure	others
5293	PH MAN I FORGOT HOW GOOD BOOGIE BY BROCK HAMPTON WAS	WHEN THEY SEE ME IN THE STREET THEY SAY WILLY WILLY	OH GOD NEWTON WHAT HAVE U DONE VKFMVK ILL NEVER NOT BE ABLE TO WATCH THIS ON LOOP NOW	others
5294	"*Dude posts up with at the urinal* *I leave the urinal and go to wash my hands* *Dude looks back at me while at the urinal* ""Hey you got time for a quick IT question?"" ""NOPE! Not in here!"" *Finish washing my hands and leaves* Have some morals bruh, damn"	Rude, it was just a quick IT question....	When you have your hand on your dick or vice versa I don't got time for that!	others
5295	George H.W. Bush. Know your history, hoss.	Hilary Clinton ?	Only in speculation. I believe she does, but she's good at hiring hitmen to cover for her. This implies GHWB's involvement:	others
5296	Dude putting up similar stats to Kevin Kolb wants to chime in on “winning” regarding a team that just won a Super Bowl.  I’m dead, I’m asleep.	Daks won 2 of every 3 NFL starts in his career. That’s a higher winning % then your deity Carson Wentz for your own reference regarding winners. Also your SB win means exactly nothing in 2018. Totally irrelevant remark.	Wins ain’t a QB stat. Stop fooling yourself.	others
5297	I used to think i won't lose people if i photographed them! But these pictures tell how much i have lost.	U will never lose one of them tho, I assure	I won't let u go	others
5298	ive been craaavvinnggggg sushi	Same lmfao	lets go on a sushi date	others
5299	In the pub chatting to a Turkish Fella. Nice guy, interesting conversations....But! I asked him who he supported....He said he lived in North London, so he supported Arsenal AND......Spurs!!! ’redeadtome	You did tell him about your soft-spot for the Villa didn’t you?	And Leicester,Baggies, Wolves, Blues, Walsall & Coventry Unitied	others
5300	Rate my dog /10	Deffo a 10.........all dogs are 10's.........here's my 10 Jenson	Looks like a unit	others
5301	I am still v. bothered by the fact that people in the industry continued to sell these incredibly expensive horses to the Andrade family. And that they were happy to accept their money for horse shows. Everyone should be hanging their heads in shame.	sooooo glad someone finally said this as this has been going through my head during this entire scandal	I've been saying it for at least a year.	others
5302	120mph! Fastest train I’ve ever been on. @ Angoulême, France	Safe travels	Thanks Kim!	others
5303	Johnson fournette Mccaffrey or Jones pick 3 standard league thanks	Wow tough one ... humble brag! Start DJ, CMC, Jones	Haha I traded Ridley and mike Williams for fournette when he was injured	others
5304	Hahahaha yes	Katie you never shower stoppittttt	you spelled *Christa wrong	others
5305	Nothing will spin me more than when Kamina got BODIED, came back and made us think that plot armor kicked in then continued to die the second the fight was over	He wasn't dropping out until business was finished.	He a real one for that too	others
5306	Royal snakes warrior in colour.	OHHH MAN THIS LOOKS SO BLOODY COOL Also love the design of the large longsword	Ah man I love me a good big sword	others
5307	If you’re from Ekiti or you’re In Ekiti. Drop a picture of yourself here, let me tell you one secret	Later comer is allow	Fine girl! Fiiiinnnnneeeee gggiiiiirrrrllllll	others
5308	Must we see every workout y’all do? We get it, you workout lol we don’t need to see a video of it everyday	How many ppl called you a hater for this tweet?	Dawg ppl def got their panties in a bunch after that tweet. It ain’t that deep! You like your videos, don’t let my opinion stop you! Lol smh	others
5309	Paperwork is done & I'm now officially Non-Exec Director w/ which you should follow	So excited to have you on board! There is so much work to be done challenging injustice but together we are ready for it	We so are Let's do this	others
5310	t-thats a lot of time....	holy shit pav, oh my	i truly dont know what i did i-	others
5311	Hey guys! I have a lot of new followers so I thought I’d share my content! I’ve recolored all of the children & toddlers hairs in	Does this work even if I don't own all the packs?	I have one that is the complete set of all packs, but I also have them individually by pack. So you can download as many or as few as you need to I have them as separate packages by pack	others
5312	ordered a bikini from zaful on thursday and it arrived today. i was so nervous they’d take like a month	Is the sizing right?	i wasn’t home when it got delivered so i’m getting it tomorrow. remind me to get back to you	others
5313	I love notifications like these	amazing lock screen btw	Thank youu! I thought It’d be a nice thing for intruders to see	others
5314	Lmao what is youtube rewind 2018?? Where is shane & david dobrik & like good fucking channels	I skipped through the whole thing,, and wtf. The best rewinds were 2014&2015 they had the best flow and content	YES 2015 was my absolute favourite I watched it like a 1000 times oml	others
5315	If you’re out and about in town tomorrow, make sure to pop along to St Enoch’s Centre between 10:30am and 11:30am! Our fabulous choir will be singing & signing Christmas Carols to raise money for	Where in st Enoch will you be x	It’s usually outside the Mother Care on the first floor! Near the Hospice shop!	others
5316	this is insane ohhh my god	meanwhile, I’m an intellectual	i feel like you’ve listened to hamilton for wayyyy more than 8 hours but go off	others
5317	Final night in the highlands working what a place it is btw would recommend it to anyone and will defo be back up for a visit	It’s beautiful mate, I love it, the drive through the Cairngorms is something else	Cracking place and decent folk mate	others
5318	Well there it is.  I listed to 27,699 minutes That’s 461 hours That’s almost 20 FULL days of music.  Sheesh	nice	Get a life day sheesh	others
5319	Never too old to learn! Annual simulation training for NICU attendings and fellows!	I can teach cutdowns!	We would love that!!	others
5320	It’s about that time of the year to start getting all tatted up	I fee you on an emotional level with this tweet. I’m getting my ribs done tonight!	Thatta boy, it sucks so good luck	others
5321	Ummmm...Peanut Chews and Tastycake.	Peanut chews are regional??	Yep. Philly for sure, if you know them clearly the Jerz, maybe NYC too?	others
5322	The art style and animation for Into the Spiderverse is so refreshing.	The fact they put him in Jordan 1's is so dope	Makes Miles be more down to earth. I love it	others
5323	Finally I'm back 	Oh?!	Oh hey Ichigo long time no see 	others
5324	Doin' the thing. I've improved a ton this year and I'm honestly proud. Also lots of Critical Role. In order, February, July, and November.	Hi, can you teach me how to have talent? Those are so gooooood	1) Draw every day for like ten years 2) Cry a lot, probably.  =P	others
5325	Thank you	Thanks for listening Chris!	You were number 1 love it	others
5326	You’re a stupid twink	you look like a little boy	Is that there best you have. Fat whore	others
5327	Kusasa kuyanyiwa.	Maybe this is what my dream was about on that prophetess tip on the kunyiwaness of tomorrow	I'm watching the news kusasa, anything happens or doesn't happen, uzasitshela	others
5328	( ) me @ my seola fc muse: one day	// ONE DAY	// ONE DAY. i have feels to make her luda but my biased heart yells at me	others
5329	me ready for smash	no DK?!?!? X D ?	oh sry my b :[	others
5330	35 years together but today we celebrate 32 years of marriage   to the one I love.  My	Congrats!	Thanks	others
5331	Hellooooooo!! Granny	Evening Granny. Hope you’re well:)	Sparkly thank you my dear! Granny	others
5332	can someone get drunk w me tuesday at 12:30pm next week??? i want to get stupid immediately after my last exam.	Bet	yes yes yes!!!	others
5333	Guys I’m drunk	Sis... kajsjxkdkdjxjf	a bitch is going through it	others
5334	Mood	like i really cnt deal man and my advisor always talking bout take more classes bitch no GET	Bruh. Like miss I barely can keep up wit these classes & u want me add more? EAD	others
5335	Just ordered my new favorite shirt	Conservativism is a process consequence of low effort thought.	Someone seems a little jealous of my new shirt.	others
5336	Yo bro you telling me the basketball episode and diversity day episode was trash?	Or the Dundys award episode	Bro this nigga Michael Scott signed Mickey Mouse on the form for a problem that only involved him and him only, then wanted to preach about it	others
5337	BITVHZHNUJJZNZGRJGMRZI LOVE HIM SO MUCH	I CAN NOT ANYMORE! OT7 HAS GOT ME SO HARD ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY!	LITERLLY WHAT I WAS THINKING	others
5338	Delicious color wheels today! Great job...에서	Omg I Remember When We Did That	This is part 1... I had to level up...lol	others
5339	My 2019 Police Car Calendars are now on sale, featuring a different selection of my best photos in the 2 Calendars. The Wall Calendar is £8 and available at:  The Desk Calendar is £7 and available at:	- might’ve missed this elsewhere but are any of the proceeds charity bound?	I am planning on donating 10% of profits to , they do an amazing job and are a worthy cause	others
5340	Happy Birthday my favorite friend	love you .	more	others
5341	I want to do something spontaneous	Or do what I do and do something drastic to your hair like chop it all off or dye it	A. I already got a shot this week so I have had enough needles for the next year B. You know that I would NEVER cut my hair C. If I got a tattoo our grandfather would disown me sooooo	others
5342	fila shoes are NOT CUTE TO ME	Depends which ones	uhm no i don’t think so	others
5343	Prohibition was repealed 85 years ago today, thank god	Could you imagine? Would we live without Spotted Cow!? Nightmares.	Right?! I can’t even think about it	others
5344	jus checkin to b sure again, anyone wanna fall in love w me????? I’ll be here	hi	hey flimfoom it’s been a bit	others
5345	When you’re at an arts conference and you tell people you are based in	Not that there’s anything wrong with resorting to Antioch College.	Of course not! Cite you guys all the time.	others
5346	the answer is yes	how	the razor was just there i couldn't not do something with it and long story short my hand slipped	others
5347	Witch Hunt --by Dylan  I'm sick of Orange Baby And his whining every day About the wicked witch hunt He wishes would go away. As the hunt comes to an end He'll give us more than rants. When the hammer finally falls Orange Baby will crap his pants. Witch Hunt © 2018 Dylan G	Excellent, Dylan!	Thanks!	others
5348	Update to all Blizzard Irvine employees: apparently it’s called “rain”, which is a noun meaning “water falling in drops condensed from vapor in the atmosphere.” I know it’s weird but don’t panic, it shouldn’t stain and won’t hurt our dogs.	How are the campus cats coping?	Well they're smart so curled up on a team couch somewhere cozy I expect.	others
5349	Welcome to our office. Collective choice theory meets Christmas chocolate	I refer my learned friend and colleague to Arrow's Impossibility Theorem.....	As long as we aren’t in a Condorcet paradox	others
5350	u kno when i tweeted this i thought damn this is gonna be a banger this is so HUMILIATINGGGGGG	Me with all my tweets.	it b like dat sometimes	others
5351	if anyone wants to send me soft pics of their pets today.... i would be grateful	In the third pic, he fell asleep on my arm while I was waiting to wash him	ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my goodness they are absolutely!! precious!!!!!	others
5352	Championships is the best album of 2018 easily for me	Daytona	Championships>> imo	others
5353	who did this	I'm coming for you Ryan	PLEASE I WANNA LEAVE	others
5354	I've been saying I need vodka wayy to much these days. I didn't get it yet but I still need it.	We will fix that soon	We better	others
5355	I hate that I’m on the verge of crying every second.	I love you text me if you need me.	I love you too	others
5356	". Hey, this is bullshit. Our kids lives are at stake. ""Manchin may be the ranking member, but he’s part of a team when it comes to issues of climate change, issues of the environment,” said Sen. Cory Booker."	The thought that Manchin will contribute anything towards a clean energy future is absurd	One wonders if Cory is a psychopath	others
5357	Do I... dare finally play ?	We should co op even though I kinda suck lmao	Yo we can suck together and laugh at our hilarious downfall, I'm so down for it. <3	others
5358	THANK YOU ALLLL	congrats	thank u!	others
5359	So tomorrow it either going be a good or bad day.  I get Hugh Jackman tickets and I have successful trip to the hair dressers Or I don't get tickets and my hair stays the colour black	buy the presale tickets	There pre sale tickets?  Where?	others
5360	Do any of you have rarepairs in HS/FS??  Tell me about them, i just feel like drawing some good rarepairs :)	So many rarepairs. So many amazing f/f rarepairs in HS. But right now? I'm thinking about that good Roserezi. Macabre Seer buddies.	Seer guls	others
5361	i love u even if im mean to u bc u deserve it — i’m Nice	WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH UR ATTITUDE	I KNEW IT WAS MARCY	others
5362	Lmfaoooo not Indian style	Yes! he made himself comfortable	aye i would’ve done the same thing	others
5363	I mean I'd go read Lilith's Cord for FC material But if I wanted to use Hille for Ari, it'd have to be his white hair.	Black hair suits too	But the blue eyes don't.	others
5364	25-35 yaş arası olup evinde şu halıdan olmayan yok gibi	Ben	istisna.....	others
5365	The existence of PowerPoint has a lot to answer for.	That's like saying the existence of screwdrivers has a lot to answer for lol	Fair point. Mind, A screwdriver tells you you can turn a screw. Powerpoint lets you be a Designer	others
5366	STAGEYS! I’m helping out with this event and we need donations! If you have any Theatre stuff you can donate for this event, get in touch!	I think I’ve got a couple of sopranos somewhere you can have.	I prefer tenors, but thanks!	others
5367	Me perdí el party de ayer por estar estudiando. Hoy, mínimo, me arrastro.	Nena tenias que irrrrr	I knowwwwwww:(	others
5368	Have you ever loved someone so much You'd give an arm for And you know you are their armor And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her But what happens when karma Turns right around and bites you What happens when you become the main source of her pain	Where's the real Robs please?	LMAO Please I'm just singing.	others
5369	Lmaoooo so basically what you saying is a woman hurt you, you’re bitter and you now like men? Got it	Why is dat man so angry	Girl look at his avi. Nigga got the high school grad pic up and he prolly like 40	others
5370	I told my professor that I couldn’t go to class because of the rain and she said someone can ft me so I can listen to speeches wow I love her	What fucking class is this my professors would never	My communications class bro lmao I was on ft in bed like “uh huh yeah ok”	others
5371	Discussing . I said she’s Timmy and Pat hahaha and she says I’m Joey and William	Facts	Oh hey, it’s us with zaddy	others
5372	Seeing girls with stunning long hair makes me ask myself WHY DID I CUT MINE cause I genuinely look like lord farquaad on a good day	Nah be thankful u suit it!! Not many people can pull off short hair + u look class n a know it’s tru cause my mum said so	Well Maria is always right	others
5373	Does gay really have a look y’all? Bc when I tell people that I am, they don’t wanna believe me or “see me being gay” and I’m like?.. okay.	straight has a look. IGNORANT lmao	thank you	others
5374	Damn I wish they didnt show judge Patti Mayonnaise's face cause I just knew she was black! Lol	she is clearly black & light skinned	wait what? I called her Patti mayonnaise cause she said like the character from Doug.. ik she was black lol	others
5375	the devil wears Prada too tbh jdjxjxk I'm literally rewatching it rn I wish I was joking	YOUR TASTE i loev everyone in the movie so much can they do the sequel already	PLEASE we need a sequel so andy can dump her annoying ass bf	others
5376	his frog smile	MOVE HES BEAUTIFUL	HES BEAUTIFUL.... AND A FROG	others
5377	Big 2018 and people are still on 02 lmao pathetic	Giff gaff n Tesco mobile, serves these people reyt for choosing pathetic providers	Wankers mate. Coming on twitter to complain about O2 like as if I told them to have that beta male network provider. Weirdos	others
5378	It’s AD!!!	Take my joke. Fine.	I got it from lol blame him	others
5379	Am I a heartless person to not like A Star is Born? :'(	Yes!	aw no. am i seeing you monday? maybe you can change my mind.	others
5380	all I did was google,super glad I didn’t WebMD it I’ve literally never had the flu before but this is my fault it’s on me I don’t even remember when my last flu shot was I was asking for it and I got it and now I’m gonna die	I think u got aids not the flu you have been fishing in some bad ponds up in colorado	I’m gonna fish in your pobd	others
5381	HELLO IT’S MY BIRTHDAY	HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL BITCH LIVE IT UP BABE	THANKS H*E	others
5382	Would one of my lovely British friends consider grabbing me a copy of this. Please? Pretty please with Sherlock on it?	(There's an article in the current Best of British too.)	Thank you. We get that magazine here. My local newsagent stocks it. It will keep an eye out for it. We're behind, so probably won't see it here until about February.	others
5383	So Barnaby Joyce wants spouses to be able to work with their partners in Parliament again. In other words, his new partner, Vicki Campion is unemployable and he wants to give her a job. He is shameless.	But when they have got 4 children to raise and a home and all that that entails, leave them at home and find a new wife!	Exactly. He's a grub	others
5384	What the fuck. That must suck ass.	I dated one of them....it was very sad. Also a very short romance!	Same. I think he was about 3 inches when hard. We only dated a short time as well lol	others
5385	So how many of you guys are picking up Smash Ultimate tonight?	Playing in a smash tournament tonight and then patiently waiting for it to come out ;3	A tourney sounds like fun!	others
5386	Are sweatpants/ hoodie appropriate attire to trans Siberian orchestra? Or do I have to put on actual clothes like a real human being?	You should wear a tuxedo. That’s what I am wearing	Can I bring those old-timey binoculars attached to a stick?!	others
5387	It's all one way traffic, I'd say they'd score 1 or 2 in second half	You’re a good un	Tell me something I don't know	others
5388	Damn y’all paid with cash? This is when I just say fuck it and put it on the card	is this dude saying he makes money like that playing madden? lmao	I bet it’s like 50 of them and they split the check lol	others
5389	Jimmy butler didn’t stand a chance luckily a white woman saved him	I never knew til I read his story how that woman took him in	It’s always a white family saving the day	others
5390	Never again.	nEvEr	Hi pls drag me	others
5391	riding the subway with a	you are supporting the	It me, a monster	others
5392	Saw this at hospital on my way out Catholic hospital naturally has stained glass Being the incredibly lapse lil Catholic boy that I am Seeing this still moves me	ill just leave this right here...	Yes I'm aware of what the imagery implies I went to Catholic school 12 years. No I never became an alter boy. Even at 12 I knew better.	others
5393	Awwww	I was sooooooooooo happy this morning !	Just saw it and I'm so happy too! Have you tried this ?	others
5394	Y’all don’t know grinding till you’ve met man. I’ve seen this dude go from 400 to 50k right before my eyes. Happy to call u a friend, when I get madden for Xbox imma bust yo cheeks. Here’s to 100k	I’ll straight slap them cheeks “no homo” thanks bro	Have a blessed day man! Go get u some 50k pussy!	others
5395	Why is my son a mess this boy done peed outside on the fence at school	LMAO!!!!	His teacher was just laughing I was like rlly Zay	others
5396	بص هو انا اتفرجت علي ميسي ومشوفتش احسن منه بس مشوفتش بيليه فعشان انا عمده مبحكمش علي حاجه من غير ماشوفها	كلاام عمد برضو يخوناا بس بيليه بيهري برضو وميسي اعلي منه حتي من غير منتفرج عليه	Maybe	others
5397	I need a group to get me good at Ultimate fast. I know a lot of it is purely up to me. But I mean people who can practice with me every week and help me advance and correct mistakes along the way.	me kyle and mike are hanging out on lauch of the game your welcome to come	Yooo! I seriously appreciate the invite! I unfortunately cant tonight BUT if you guys want to hang at some point this weekend id be down!	others
5398	Both a billionaire and a beggar have 24 hours in a day. What choices do you make in the next 24??	Rob the billionaire.	Now that's a bold choice! I like it lol	others
5399	am i the only one that isn’t up colliscools ass	nope /:	a mutual w taste!!	others
5400	Raid night fuel for Friday night!	Lagavulin is spectacular.	I love their scotch!! I’m excited to try this one. Some day	others
5401	i feel this too ://	It’s such a tricky situation :( like you know you have to get your shit together but you also can’t erase bts off your life they are so important for ur well being? Gotta find a middle, ground which is the hardest part sigh	HHHHHH i depend on them a lot for my happiness,, which i know is wrong and unhealthy but idk what else to hold onto,, like you said finding a middle ground is hard :/	others
5402	I'M SCREAMING	oh my GODDDDDDDDD	I love it so much it hurts	others
5403	HELLO IT’S MY BIRTHDAY	happy birthday sandy!!	thank u rhys <3	others
5404	After reading this I went straight to her Avi	And?	No word's	others
5405	If I had to see it so do y'all.	I’m blocking you damn smh	Me!? That's crazy.  I didn't ask to see it either.	others
5406	"I LOVE THEM SO MUCH THEY'RE THE CUTEST ""they like us! ...man we're embarrassing"""	Is there a fuller video to this or was that it?	this is it lol, they won hottest record of the year	others
5407	Peppermint mocha from Starbucks is gross af.  That is all.	I hate how much the chocolate syrup sits at the bottom so at the end of your drink you just get a bunch of chalky shit	I know!! I got to the bottom and was like ooookay nah	others
5408	genuinely the worst music take i’ve seen this year	another year-end list topped	bro how the fuck did 3 of the best songs on this album make this shit list and u still forget the trash he did w nicki minaj	others
5409	My day! What a crock of shit! Now where’s the vodka	Ouch. Hope you've got insurance...	It’s covered by the housing association , least my gazelles are clean now haha	others
5410	Yes, I deleted these pictures on accident. Yes, I was fried. Yes, I’m still graduating.  Yes, I’m still smiling, but it was anything but easy. Texas Tech University  B.B.A in Management Information Systems Minor in Computer Science  December 15th	Mannnn you fumbled	Lmao I suck so bad	others
5411	HELLO I want to see more awesome art from the people on twitter and making some new friends!!! So share your art below and i'll retweet it!!! I'll also retweet your art and I'll follow back instantly!!!! I'd love to keep this sweet meme alive!!!!	Muh Art	Sorry for the late reply~~ Nice art, I love it!!	others
5412	I had a dream that I was typing in 80085 on my calculator and showing everyone at work	Should’ve been you typing in 3\/3/\/ in a calculator instead	That is the best calc trick I have even seen even	others
5413	I just watched the mr Connor lookalike who works at my school resignedly follow a very small kindergartener down the hall as he ran and made chicken noises, they disappeared into a classroom, and he emerged carrying the still-growing small child under his arm	im sobbing	This dude is a fucjing rockstar and he has the best button up shirts. He’s the skinniest put-together twink imaginable and it is impossible for me to wrap my head around him having a wife and new child	others
5414	I need words of encouragement.	Keep your head up and don't let anything or anyone get in the way of you achieving your dreams. There's no reason you can't have everything out of this life that you want. You're such a beautiful person inside and out so never forget that	Thank you mama	others
5415	Can’t, crafting the most elaborate and amazing response to, “how’s your day.”	HEY BB, WYD?	Fuck yeah, that’s the stuff.	others
5416	Sigh. RIP Pete Shelley. Ever Fallen In Love is a perfect song.	No, really? Ever Fallen In Love With Someone You Shouldn't Have Fallen In Love With? is a tag line for my latest book (that I'm writing now, I mean).	A great title too. Good luck!	others
5417	How is it still not working	Apparently it won't be fixed till tomorrow	What a joke	others
5418	Ight who down ?	Shit dank af bro	Bout to see what’s up	others
5419	This dude has a vagina now.	awesome and congrats, i didn't think it was for another week though	Got flipped-turned upside-down on the 26th ^^	others
5420	WE ALL ARE SUCH BABIES	Low key didn’t recognize myself	I didn’t either. I honestly forgot I had long blonde hair once.	others
5421	What’s in massive addy?	The way I hate dat word ehn	You have no idea	others
5422	Looking forward to this evening. Slightly late birthday shenanigans.	Hope you have a great evening. We’re going next week.	We have found the first half to be sufficiently amusing. I consider myself to be mid shenanigan.	others
5423	someone get they mans	This is what happens when you message him drunk	I've been trying to get him to send me singing videos for weeks, if I knew all it needed was me drunk texting him once I would've done it a long time ago	others
5424	Hard same	Exact opposite & appreciating that you tweeted this. I had assumed that my indifference was due to being Autistic.	Every time I try to cultivate this indifference it fails. I think it’s the strategy my brain decided would help with bullies. a) people might not pick on me if they like me b) crap do they actually like me c) lots of over analysing and second guessing	others
5425	i tried to mail a package yesterday and the post office was closed bc that old clown died. DID HE DIE SENDING A LETTER?????  if so, GET A PAPERCUT AND DIE, YOU HEARTLESS BITCH!!!! ALSO THE POST OFFICE SHOULD BE OPEN ON A *WEDNESDAY*	it was a National Day of Mourning	THE GOVERNMENT CANT LEGISLATE HOW I FEEL!!!!!!	others
5426	And because He’s a God of Love, He is also a God of Justice. He will punish Evil!	Define ALL.	Matt 7:21 “Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.	others
5427	Y’all remember when 15/g was normal........growth.	Can’t believe we used to put up with that	Maaaaan that was when smoking was a privaledge and not a necessity.	others
5428	what time do you come on tonight friend	In Miami tonight??? Where at?	Magic city dome or something like that. It’s right next to magic city studios	others
5429	Lmfaooooo how you don’t know how serious a marriage is? A MARRIAGE	Mfs be swingers n what not and cardi did say verbatim “if u meet some bitches bring em to mama, u know what kinda hoes I like” lmao	Bring them to mama not go fuck them and not have me involved lol & Swingers typically have mutual agreements so if they were indeed in a swinging marriage i don’t think cardi would be divorcing him over this	others
5430	Where should Bath play whilst the Rec is being redeveloped?	I think they should go on tour, 16 cities with 16 games spreading the Bath message.... alternatively 16 Clashes	They could play in every EU capital on James Dyson's Magical Brexit Tour.	others
5431	Now over 48 hours. great job,	Hi Alex! We are here to help under our new twitter URL at can you send us a DM so we can further assist? ^LG	Have sent you a response, but look, I have already re-sent it once, about 34 hours ago, to help@crave.ca and received no reply. So I;m getting pretty skeptical about your ability to help.	others
5432	cc	SPENCER! This is why we got along so well. Also you have a great memory.	It's only atrophied with age, but I'm never ever going to forget that story	others
5433	What game besides skyrim can I play	old school runescape	god i cant even remember how to start playing runescape	others
5434	I wanna send you a weekly Amazon gift cards my queen please accept my gift I beg you	Please look at my wish list	Please I will send you Amazon gift cards. You don't even have to give me your email or anything I just can send you a picture of the code	others
5435	While there last night, took this high-quality video of Mariners’ player walls outside Safeco Field. Except here’s where they are now: Yankees, Rays, Mets, M’s, M’s, Rays, Phillies, M’s, M’s, Mets, M’s, M’s, M’s	short-film oscar nomination coming shortly.	I’d like to thank my phone for this nomination.	others
5436	I feel like I’ve been fighting off a cold for 6 weeks. Over it.	I think I’m finally almost over mine. Almost.	Geez Louise. That’s encouraging.	others
5437	When people show movie clips in there keynote presentations at work I want to launch my entire being out THE FUCKING WINDOW!	*their	I was so fucking angry I forgot how to write! I’m sorry!	others
5438	Service fees on concert tickets have got to be one of the worst things ever	It’s how the company makes money	$12 per ticket!? Ridiculous.. shut your face Ryan	others
5439	Merry Christmas to allfrom  DO YOU THINK BEFORE CHRISTMAS?	Charges dropped ?right	No, he’s just not getting prison time. Mueller has him down as a convicted felon that’s why he needs a pardon.	others
5440	"It's still the same day for me. ""Bark"" how polite of you."	Just block that account... funny that all her followers are defending her. Is she a bts member or something hehe. They are not even joon stans. We know how it is bc we pay attention to soo many incidents with the “ot7” now I just block them :), who cares.	Sigh... I think I shouldn't have messed with 6k followers accounts	others
5441	Lately I’ve been thinking a lot about how far I have come and grown. I am so god damn proud of myself for the progress I have made	Preach boo! You deserve that self love	ur my fav	others
5442	*ahem*I need another piercing	Same, my job won’t let me have any more face piercings tho and I don’t really want any others :(	I have the same issue T.T	others
5443	“Cleveland is increasingly motivated to move Trevor Bauer or Corey Kluber, sources tell Yahoo Sports.” What a lovely sentence.	I think Bauer tweeted himself into this convo Few weeks back they were determined to move Carrasco and Kluber	Haha, I'll take either at the right price.	others
5444	am i the only one that isn’t up colliscools ass	Nope	i knew i liked u	others
5445	I'm probably gonna quit my myth.	UH NO	Idk.... I might...	others
5446	5 meeting day: completed Always Cheating Advice Shop: open We're opening up a special mini-edition of the Always Cheating Advice Shop. 100% accurate answers to your dilemmas for the next 15 minutes starting...now.	Are the days of the premium defender dead? No clean sheets in the midweek fixtures and they’ve been sparse over the last few weeks.	Alonso/Trent, even Robbo still offer a great ROI imo	others
5447	Am I the only one that prefers hugs, cuddles and such kinds of tenderness to actual s*x and fucking? Am I weird?	sounds like smth a virgin would tweet	Josh You ARE a Virgin.	others
5448	Avengers 4: Starálfur	Avengers 4: I Was a Teenage Anarchist	All I hear is the tune to Teenage Dirtbag...	others
5449	One of the most pervasive sexist ideas that exists in our culture is that the mistress is responsible for the affair. The husband is responsible. Every other woman in the world is not there at the moment a man marries a woman, sharing in those vows. He did this. Not her.	Takes two too tango.	And it takes two people to make a marriage. The mistress is not one of them	others
5450	one warm shouto for the birthday girl	REI SHUT UP THIS IS THE MOST BEATIFUL THING IVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE IM SO IN LOVE I LOVE YOU AHHHH ASKJDLKASJDKSD	im glad u like it argh ily	others
5451	Today a group of Year 6 children learnt the meaning of DOB... They have now decided that birthdays are called ‘DOBdays’. Amazing.	Love this!	it was so funny	others
5452	i was so happy because my brother called me from his school but then my parents called and i just got a lecture for this fucking exam i bombed despite studying like a bitch for it. now i hate myself. thanks :)	girl honestly you should try an EVS, leave France for a bit	I'm not really interested tbh. I plan on leaving France later but I'm just not ready.	others
5453	this is amazing but also why does higher education in the us cost so much, 250k will only be enough to cover for one student's full ride to uni? ONE?	As an American in uni...I really don’t know. Not like the money I’m paying the school is going to anything nice or useful	damn, yall paying that much and yall suffering just like us	others
5454	i'm 23 today, i got the balloons, and i'm ready to be showered with birthday wishes	HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE COMIC SUPPLIER AND FELLOW MILES MORALES FANGIRL I hope you'll have the absolute best day because you deserve it!!!	THANK YOU, LOVELY i had an a+ day!!!	others
5455	Phyllis Hyman albums are what Adele thinks her albums are.	thibdsybjkmmmkkk	I don't think I lied.	others
5456	May as well let them drive and go to the pub as well eh? Peak stupidity. Give six-year-olds a vote, says Cambridge University head of politics	Speechless	I think universities need a thorough clean out. Some of the utter garbage being spewed by supposedly smart people is unbelievable.	others
5457	I love that I can have headphones in and no one knows what I’m listening to. Who am I head banging to in the library? blink-182? Elvis? Zeppelin? Trans Siberian Orchestra? u may never know	Exclusively Yung Gravy	U see right through me	others
5458	Texting this guy I’ve had a crush on for a hot minute now. And I literally have to stop myself from wanting to talk about weird shit.	No you don't. You be you, you're perfect that way.	You little angel. I love youuuu.	others
5459	I’m getting more into Red Dead finally. But my biggest issue with the game is I’m terrible at video games	That’s what happens when you only play one like every 8 years	I’ll beat you in nascar you take that back	others
5460	‘I could see he was edgy, his shoulders hunched and his eyes darting around our surroundings.’ ~	I plan to do a 24h readathon during my christmas break and I hope to have enough time to read Saving Death bc I can’t wait to read it!!	That sounds awesome!!I cant wait for you to read it!	others
5461	Being on the bubble is a good thing. Not being in the conversation for in or out in a month that's when	How is Minnesota first four out considering they’ve beaten a ranked opponent and have impressive wins against HM teams... was the loss at BC really a bad loss?	Ohio St loss by 20 did it	others
5462	why do the ppl that draw hottest chisatos only draw kaochisa such a monkeys paw curse	be nice to kaoru	i can't stand her char	others
5463	THIS. Lena Dunham is trash and if you support her you are also trash.	She is seriously annoying.	I’m so, so sick of her	others
5464	Who was the first tsundere that you came across in anime. Mine was Charmeleon	Pikachu before the change	I think Pikachu genuinely just didn't wanna be bothered by anyone tho	others
5465	stan kim seokjin the reason this post got popular and is now somewhere u can promote ur faves	Issa joke. Like it's a joke. Seokjin is a king everyone knows that.	hshsh I know the joke/culture of it I actually like the group that’s why I was watching the fancam of bts’ reacting to them	others
5466	I’m falling off	Diamonds (diamonds) on my wrist look like McFlurries	(OH LAWD!) And these thotties, ain’t got manners slurpin	others
5467	y’all pray for me tomorrow for my instrument test	You got this boo	i don’t boo	others
5468	i just want you to know that you are loved	I think she loves the couch more :/	she's so fricken big	others
5469	I'm writing another 3d talk * ----------- *	At this pace you will run out of dimensions to talk about (!)	we will need a bigger universe with MOAR dimensions!	others
5470	"Favourite culchie slur has to be calling somebody ""a bad article"". There's no coming back from being branded a bad article, you're done"	I've been called a cheeky article on occasion lol	You are quite obviously a dangerous individual	others
5471	Why are you so sensitive about a prank pulled by a rich superstar man when you could be sensitive about people being sensitive about a prank pulled by a rich superstar man?????????? *swole nut waddle*	Ok, swole nut waddle is...is just...	Such a burden!	others
5472	forever funny	Double cheeked up on a thursday afternoon	“the sun still out my nigga”	others
5473	Mikala, come here. NSFW version inc	low key prefer the other one XD	DON'T WORRY MY LOVE I WILL RETWEET IT IN YOUR HONOR	others
5474	My top songs on Spotify for 2018... 1) Baby beluga 2) Let it go 3) Emmylou 4) Do you want to build a snowman? 5) Elmo’s rap alphabet	Would that be first aid kit’s emmylou? I freakin love them so much	It is! It was her favorite song for a month or two. She’d sing it to herself while she fell asleep! Pretty heady for a 2 year old	others
5475	ONLY if you plan to live in that Beemer	I apparently did college wrong. I had a car that was only three years younger than me that I bought for $480 and was spackled with only the finest Bondo.	Mine was a FIAT with a mechanic named Tony Lawler. Fix It Again Tony perfectly described it. PISS yellow too Are you getting wet CB?	others
5476	Not only is my data down but my calls and messages have been off for random parts of the day! No communication from	Have you been able to receive any calls or texts? Or had nothing all day? Been trying to get hold of my friend and now I’m thinking they are with O2!	Yes I've been able to recurve some texts and phone calls, and make some too, then inexplicably it cuts off. Not working at the moment I hope you get through to your friend soon! x	others
5477	Gives cold soba. “Happy birthday. ”	"Sparkle. Sparkle. She takes the soba with glee!  "" Thank you, Shouto! ""  cue hair ruffles for her favorite sibling!"	He didn't appreciate having his hair ruffled... But if it was Fuyumi.... He shall let it slide. “I hope you have a nice day.” Shōto tried to put his hair ‘back in place’ again. “Is there anything else you want from me?”	others
5478	What’s up with the Yankees? Anything? Are they interested in something? Too damn quiet	This just means ..... manny & bryce are signing the dotted line	I pray you’re right my man but not getting that vibe	others
5479	think it’s safe to say my girlfriends given up with my love for Michael Bublé	‘again’ omg	shhhh it’s only happened once, she was lying x	others
5480	Y’all not even talking	And you not minding your busy what’s your point	ouuu pee pee hurt	others
5481	I wish I had a big sister or something to talk to.. I hate feeling alone!	You’re not alone	Yes i am	others
5482	Nope she wasn’t there so fuck her	Thanks sis	I hate that shit like don’t come around now keep the same energy	others
5483	Can someone please come fetch hiya ka KFC? I'm so hungry	Se ni mbale pyjama na duku.	Just bring your crusty self	others
5484	This community manager wants to fight	well ur bullying	Because it was a shitty tweet	others
5485	"Mag'har Direwolf~ Traditional art Markers ""Native to Draenor, these wolves are preferred by the Mag'har for their ferocity, loyalty, and for something to snuggle on those cool winter nights."""	Aww so cute! I love mounting those Mag’har Direwolf on my shaman and my Mag’har orcs.	Thank you!!! <333 I haven't got it yet! But I LOVE this mount!!! *—*	others
5486	dang i wanna play dubs with everybody this game	double palu?	whenever you add me on the switch	others
5487	Apple swapped out my Visible iPhone with an identical one. Do I need to activate the new handset or just insert the SIM?	All you have to do is download the Visible app, log into your Visible account, pop in your current Visible SIM in your new device, and we'll receive your new IMEI automatically. -KMS	OK. I'm seeing fewer bars of reception most of the time compared to the past. Any reason you think that might be happening?	others
5488	Can “sis” be canceled? It only really means something to me when I hear a black woman say it anyways	“When a nonblack woman calls me sis I rather she called me nigger”	LMAO who said this? I mean it honestly makes me cringe	others
5489	my 14th vs my 15th birthday uwu	i love u sm pls have a good day	I LOVE U SM	others
5490	Happy Thursday! Hope your day is a day filled with love & laughter.	Hope ur havin a great day! We’re u able to get the Gif video u asked about?	Yes! Thank you.	others
5491	I’m proud to announce my commitment to continue my academic and lacrosse career at the Milwaukee School of Engineering! Thank you to my family, friends, teammates, and coaches for the support over the length of my recruiting process!	Congrats! Great school! So proud of you!	Thank you Pat! Woodbury is glad to have a great coach like you back!	others
5492	Back in the Comp scene! Does anyone do $2s Anymore?	Wyw	$5 pp tonight man got work.	others
5493	Someone want to buy this acc. I take PayPal. You get not two factors or email aces s. Take 10$/10€	NFA battle pass account with emotes. 1$	You can buy it for 3$	others
5494	You the biggest capper to yourself	Bro i know but a nigga just work too much	Nah bro, fuck that. I say shit like that to myself. But I have to time smoke weed, go to concerts and sleep 8 plus hours. Fuck outta here bro, you be on Twitter 24/7 you got time. And I’m only saying this, cause I believe in the dream bro but niggas isn’t acting on it. Real shit	others
5495	Girl I trying as hard as I can	More time I been looking...so you gotta hint where to find um ?	Let me know when you find out fam	others
5496	How's your week going? Make anything fun?	A new webcomic!	Yay! We started reading it and need to add it to our regular list. Love the art style	others
5497	Is there a origin story of how Sylph went from human to spooder?	Oh man, there's a story all right. It's a bit long for Twitter, though x) I don't know if you're following me on dA but I'm gonna start posting more art and lore over there!	Why yes, yes I am following you on dA. I shall look forward to Royal Spooderbook.	others
5498	I’m stoned as fuck and just discovered a Facebook live stream of a white kid from my hometown promoting his new mixtape and cornrow hairstyle while smoking a blunt in what is clearly his parents guest room. There’s one viewer. It’s me.	Lol, ever checked out Periscope? That’s pretty much all it is.	I used to have a periscope show!	others
5499	Leno Alonso Azpilicueta  Luiz  Dier/Henderson Kante  Willian Morata/Giroud	LUIZ isn't worse than Mustafi/Smalling	I thought smalling didn't start for Utd	others
5500	this is like saying “why don’t you suck my dick” to a supreme court justice lol	unbelievably powerful energies. this is peak bde	I would be very surprised to find out that a conservative SG’s office wants the government taking the position that originalism is inherently over as an interpretive theory	others
5501	Coming to America, if.........	No, i stay, Saturday I join the yellow vests op het plein in The Hague. Little problem, all the Yellow vests are sold out he was in the army. And I stay in my own country, and it's not so bad at the moment.	Stay safe my fellow patriot. I hope we never let it get like this here	others
5502	Nice to see I texted my sister an hr ago & she can't reply but she can tweet	What you text me ?	Group txt w Ralf & Jesús. I said today is parents anniversary, we should do something	others
5503	Some days riding are more fun than others... catch this cold wind. And while it is fun to herd honkers it's only possible because this horse is super chill hah.	Definitely thought this was first person RDR2 at first glance	one of these days im just gonna overlay the sfx from the game lol.	others
5504	Ok but why does change lanes like in the crazy cab game we all used to play on facebook?	I was literally panicking bitch give me a break	Ugh I love u chill <3	others
5505	mag playing cricket count towards CPD? Memories of a great day out. Repeat fixture next year?	Actually two photos. We were clearly a one man team!	I think you took 3 on the hallowed turf. The second picture makes me think I could have been a left armer!	others
5506	Created this intro today, what do you guys think? I love it! (I’m no expert but I’m proud of it)	How did you do thatI neeed one	I used keynote, it’s an app by apple, just search it on the App Store it’s super easy to use	others
5507	Tweet unavailable	Thanks. Have re-done it.	Oh goddammit! Now I wish you hadn't! RIP, Pete Shelley.	others
5508	Has anyone else noticed that the daily emissaries seem to have stopped rewarding gear caches? Did I miss a hotfix or something? Or is it just RNG being RNG?	Gimme the 2000g reward every day says I. But yes I've noticed too.	What’s funny is that I noticed the change the day after I decided to build another gear set!	others
5509	Carrasco extended... GOT to be in on Kluber or Bauer.	One would like to hope so, and originally I would think Bauer doesn't fit the Braves culture, but times are changing and maybe thats a good thing. (He says still ultimately preferring Kluber)	It just feels like there’s more value in trading for an ace than an OFer. Trade for Kluber/Bauer, then trade Julio, then sign a FA OFer and a RP.	others
5510	reminder that smash tour is the whackest thing ever When I fouight in smash tour I got my ass handed to me but I still won the game because I had like 3435 stocks BUT WILLEM STILL WON EVEN THO I TOOK HIS LAST STOCK AND I WAS THE LAST REMAINING	Ggs man, I simply outplayed you during all of the game by having 3 chars & taking out everyone & camping & losing on purpose so that you couldn't get any more points	BET REMATCH ME IN SPIRITS  YOU, MILAN, A CPU AND I	others
5511	im just gonna make my pinned tweet pictures of me drinking myself into oblivion from now on, to accurately depict how i feel about the world right now.	This tweet popped up again just to taunt me. You lied, Mith. You lied. It's been seven months now and you've pinned no such pictures.	i think my current pinned tweet is better.....more optimistic	others
5512	@mystcries hey babe... are you okay? I'm worried about you)):	Why is his name in black did he lose his account	I have no idea	others
5513	Well shit. This just made my year. Thanks	"AKA the ""Fuck Trump"" guy from the Color Party lol"	Greatest shirt ever.	others
5514	"who else doesn't like watching horror movies akuje we watch ""The Haunting of Hill House"" under the covers while holding hands?"	Mimi tuanze na hiyo then tuone nun	Wewe inaonekana you want me dead. One heart attack and psychological torture at a time	others
5515	Hi - put a parcel in my local collect+ on Monday ref: P2G55345853 but tracking still shows it hasn’t been picked up? It should have been delivered by now . Can’t find live chat on the web page.	Hi Rob, I’m concerned to see this and would like to investigate this for you. Please can you DM us and we can help resolve this for you. Thanks, Steph	It’s ok I went on live chat and sorted it	others
5516	There's been lots of good writing about Mumsnet recently but here's an in-depth piece I've worked on for a while: how did a harmless parenting forum come to wield such huge political power, and why is that power now being leveraged against trans people?	This is really fantastic Eve. I love your writing. Also, this choice of picture made me laugh out loud!	Ah thanks that’s very kind of you! I can’t take credit for the picture choices but they have done a good job!	others
5517	she so sexy..	dont speak to my woman.	um who tf are u lol	others
5518	The gay agenda was making everybody believe that the male G-spot was inside their ass	Where is it then?	Nowhere	others
5519	Why are older people so rude to customer service workers??? Like just be nice???	Because they don’t have much time to live, so there like fuck it... I’m just gonna be an ass. They are also jealous that you poop once a day.	Lmao why are you like this	others
5520	One of the greatest songs ever...	Was at the Edinburgh gig on that tour! Unbelievable news	Tragic news..	others
5521	Imagine feeling so betrayed you fly yourself out to LA, most likely paid for a ghost writer because he couldn’t even rap those lyrics, probably flew all the over guys too. That’s not betrayal that’s pettiness and rich man syndrome	The same can be said of ksi. If you're going to throw stones, throw them equally.	At the end of the day the beef was between deji and Randolph, Ksi literally said not to drag him into it and deji did? Whilst Ksi’s reaction maybe over the top, it doesn’t compare to this	others
5522	agree! I love both, but I'm slightly leaning towards renee and kate	Mhm. Thank you for the follow btw	and thank you for the follow back	others
5523	I think I’ll name her??????	Foxy !	Hey now, I like that!	others
5524	So it looks like on 22nd Dec,	We’re booked on at the wisteria. Hope you guys have something on tap	sorted! has the most amazing beers... you won't get anything better in London	others
5525	really about to say FUCK it to this meeting I have at 7.	Lol	I am though	others
5526	I really hate playing tennis in the searing heat, I have no idea how the players do it. Still, digging in and fighting on.	normal day in texas! hang in there	Don’t know how you do it, that being said, you’d be far fitter than me haha. I need to lose some weight	others
5527	that sounds like a personal problem	i never said it wasn’t, idiot	look here midget fucker, ima kick ur ass	others
5528	Ondalengwa Mbela eshi itiilesha	You really need to study now. You’ve been procrastinating for way too long. Good luck.	Thank you. I'm on it.	others
5529	THE M E M E SQUAD IS HERE!!! Drew	Can I get a solo pic for a profile pic?	Of Course! :D	others
5530	Remember to properly store your cats during the cold winter months.	Is that a heating duct?? Omg	Yeah, it’s their favorite spot because of it	others
5531	What have we ever done to deserve Chuck Tingle?	Wow you're really in the deepest part of twitter today	I'll show you just how deep I can go.	others
5532	me being an absolute dork in my happy place	oh MY GOD YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY ETHEREAL YOU'RE SO CUTE AND PRETTY	I LOVE YOU SO MUCH THANK YOU ANGEL	others
5533	ok .... this was birds idea but i do have an empty server for some reason if everyone wants in on it	let me in... let me iiiIINNNNNNNN	*GRABS YOU*	others
5534	this kid just said classical music is fire as fuck!	they’re not wrong dont tell me you wouldn’t throw ur ass in a circle to some mozart	its FIRE	others
5535	PERIOOODDDD	I’m happy it’s over too that shit was stressful!	All that matters is that you came out on top	others
5536	Sleepy kitty is sleepy	Cutie!	Don't let the cuteness fool you!	others
5537	My god......no wonder this guy bounces from job to job. Cj Anderson is not Jim brown dude, he isnt Tyrone Wheatley either.	He Probably meant like fat ...lol	I hope or he runs big	others
5538	the D is fading pepehands	totally unrelated but pls teach me how to do a wing like that	i've been wearing only winged since 9th grade and i can't do regular to save my life it's a SCAM i promise	others
5539	feeling proud in this chili’s	we do so much good work don’t we	blessing the asoiaf community one tweet at a time	others
5540	This hair is insane. The girl on the left has a freaking unicorn horn lol.	You watch Yu-Gi-Oh?	Nope, but this shit came up on my timeline and I couldn't stop laughing at her hair.	others
5541	If my car insurance was in my name with my legit details	Ermmmm who's name is it in and with what details	Ermmm not gonna bait myself here am I	others
5542	I need to get an espresso maker.에서	ok but this picture is so aesthetically pleasing	I would like to thank the cute barista and my phones filter.	others
5543	In troubled times, I always seek comfort in the words of a military dictator	And a man whose legacy in Ireland is not a happy one...	It’s almost as if Daniel is on a mission to insult as many of our neighbours as possible. Yesterday France, today Ireland. Can’t for the German insult tomorrow	others
5544	Avengers 4: We Could Call This Anything And It Wouldn't Matter	Avengers 4 Girls, 1 Cup	i dunno if that requires over 2 hours	others
5545	only one??..	challenge yourself	That’s hard	others
5546	Let’s a play a little game. This video has been seen by around 700 people. How many dislikes & likes do you think it’s had?	300,100!	Close ratio but the numbers are out by a lot	others
5547	If Dionne had turned into a Trump supporter like Stacey Dash did irl would Murray have stayed with her, and other questions I have about 1995's Clueless staring Donald Faison.	I think the bigger question is, why are you watching clueless?	I don't have to be watching Clueless to be thinking about Clueless.	others
5548	Good morning my friends, what’s the plan for today?	It's my friday. Looking like a night filled with airplanes in Fortnite lol.	Lol I’m a terrible pilot	others
5549	I lost my chocolate out of my advent calendar only to find it on the seat of my car, i had sat on it the entire car journey this morning/evening and i didn't even realise	......how the heck	I took it out this morning and it's been on my car seat since this morning until i got out the car earlier needless to say i can't eat it anymore	others
5550	Spotify Tastebreakers playlist: We've made you a playlist of songs from genres or albums you don't normally explore - and we think you'll like it. Me: this is just all the songs I skip halfway through ever time	I seriously gave it a chance and skipped every song that came on... After four of those, I gave up.	They also weren't new songs? Like I've definitely heard them enough to recognize that I've skipped them before	others
5551	WHOS COMING OVER AFTER 9pm TO GET FUCKED IN SMASH  ALL WELCOME  Bring drugs plz	Hi	So I’m taking them cheeks tonight?	others
5552	The lie was obvious, unless you wanted a Titanic Rose-sized plank to argue from.	Yes, and what’s significant today is them admitting it. They dropped the mask. They just hate	I'm sorry it's something you have to endure. Life isn't fair, far too often.	others
5553	.  Just in case This my alt acct	Following	Thanks I’ll follow all back later over there	others
5554	I’m more worried about ice. I swear I remember something from around 2002 that knocked power out for a week.	Dec 2002	(I’m in Fort Mill)	others
5555	notch is really out here just having a nazi moment, eh?	he's been a pretty unabashed nazi for a while now, no?	he's always been like a reactionary trump dude but I don't remember ever seeing explicitly nazi shit. I mean, obviously one leads to the other but yeah	others
5556	Cutting trivia short for you is a big deal	WHAAAAAT it’s Trivia night thooooo	I’m just gonna have to take you next time then & post up later tonight	others
5557	Yep. Like every lib, his only principles are whatever helps him win TODAY.	The way the GOP has acted all these years no wonder they take conservatives for marks.	Exactly. It took the GOP far too long to figure out the canard. Some still haven't, and it's a source of intra-party strife.	others
5558	On me	Ik you be giving bra hell	He got a smart mouth lolhe be knowing what he doing	others
5559	This story about witchcraft I wrote is both funny and unusable.	Are you sure?	Absolutely. It goes nowhere, means nothing, and isn't salvageable.	others
5560	This trevor Noah nigga is the corniest ever	do you gettt!?	lol most overrated comedian I've seen	others
5561	Replaced a photo in my grandma's dinning room with a photo of Blackpink. Let's see how long it takes for her to realize	HEATHER FHBFBFBDVDV	IT HAD TO BE DONE	others
5562	My Spotify top songs of 2018 might as well be a poster board for schizophrenia	127,000 minutes for me this year. That doesn’t feel great if we’re being honest	47,095 for me. You make me feel better about myself	others
5563	App State and their strength and conditioning coach made an appearance in Muscle and Fitness magazine. Looks like he will come with Satterfield to UofL.	And here I thought the key to football strength and conditioning was lighting stuff on fire and hitting each other with it.	Wait...it isn’t?	others
5564	Wanting to forest but needing a group :(	Join ours we’re doing an RV	Omg ur even glamping, I love it	others
5565	ITV confirm May has chickened out of a debating Jeremy Corbyn head to head. So, there will be no debate before the deal vote.  We have a scared coward running the country. She needs to be kicked out of No.10.	Lmao! It was her idea this time too, right?	Yep. Another winning idea	others
5566	Lara is chilling on my desk until I decide where to hang her.	That is amazing!	I am so in love. I begged Mike to let me have her early. Lol	others
5567	You ain’t subtle sis	Rude	Not you ya dip	others
5568	Nebraskaball losses and Oregon basketball on a two probation ..good start to the day	There you go with your devil dancing... Sat should be fun. Hope we r done choking. GBR	I miss nee, I actually went to games then.	others
5569	But he runs hard to first base!! And he points to the sky!! AND HE SMILES!!!!!	Yeah but we have to think team first. Not a player. It's called the New York Mets and players that produce. If theres a better player that produces, we need to do it. It's all business. That's the difference between Mets and Yankees. It's about winning, not Pride.	I was being sarcastic	others
5570	I had a very busy twitter day today. Does anyone know how I might go about monetizing that?	Unboxing videos except just emptying your shopping from Dunnes bags?	I could do that. I unpack almost every day.	others
5571	My mom ordered this cute Santa costume for lakileplep & i can’t wait to see him wear it in the parade. Ima cry fr!	Omg I wanna see it already	He’s gonna be sucha fat ass Santa	others
5572	“Way Too Early Expansion Draft” How well do you think they’d do?!	Buffalo traded Baptiste to the Preds, so as a Bflo fan I like that pick.	*Insert bottom 6 forward here* lol I saw him on their salary cap from the site I used, must’ve not been updated. Imagine Buffalo can retain all the forwards they want. Maybe someone like Tage Thompson slips through the cracks.	others
5573	Aqui vemos um grande astro do rock, e ao seu lado, o Bruce Dickinson	caralho parece seu irmao mano	O Bruce?	others
5574	Who is that man	Right!!! A barb needs to get on this now	She's got some explaining to do	others
5575	Am gonnae be bald by 21 my hairline is so far back absolute reecedo	Karma for slagging me	Your a da tho am still a kid	others
5576	"Am I the only one who sometimes wish they were a better person?? Like I mean I wish I had some sense of taste, fashion or rly cool aesthetic but I feel like I'm extremely bland preference-wise and doomed to just be ""basic"""	I do feel like compared to most people here I'm pretty bog standard	I mean you always look up for ppl you aspire to act like you're not going to compare yourself to ppl with even less tastes than you	others
5577	China studies Twitterverse, can anyone help me think of late Qing/early Republican-era FEMALE Chinese intellectuals/reformers? (Preferably not the Song sisters if at all possible).	Tang Qunying?	Exactly the kind of person I was looking for. Thank you!	others
5578	Oh dear Car batteries need cobalt and the 60% of the world's cobalt comes from DRCongo, who have just hiked royalty prices X3 So, the price of 'de-carbonisation' has just dramatically increased and is in hoc to the whims of people in the DR of Congo	I thought that were planning to either drastically reduce or remove Cobalt from their batteries	They’re trying. Best estimates are that cheap enough alternatives are at least 10 years away	others
5579	That’s it’s called a “follow button” has meant I basically never want to click it.	Out of interest, could this button be rebranded to make you want to add it?	If it had a style that suggested, say, that you’d see that person’s feed, or latest tweets, or pinned tweet, or profile, etc. sure. But “FOLLOW” suggests a single click will leave me following someone before I know how they behave on here.	others
5580	after my first full listens of both: the bends > ok computer. what do y’all think	Taste is winning	I like both, but the Bends was an easier listen!	others
5581	SCREAMING  art creds to	Wow rude how dare you judge me when I’m trying to better my talents	i’m not judging you, i think it’s wonderful shrek fanart	others
5582	literally been convincing myself, everything is going to be okay(:	u wanna talk about it?	messaaaage meeeeee.	others
5583	Think the worlds await to end because all of a sudden O2 stop working then snapchat just stop working what’s next	This ??	Don’t say that swear 2018 is gonna be the last year of our life’s slowing counting down the days HAAHH	others
5584	You need to take it back dad because they screwed it up It's supposed to say happy birthday George and dad not just Dad. I don't care if it is your day it's still all about me	Happy birthday George and Dad! Hope you are having the best day!	Yes Dad's feeling a little rough around the edges but I'm letting him rest a few minutes and he'll be fine but we're having a good day	others
5585	Why am I seeing so many people taking the piss out of on my timeline what have I missed?	I don’t know what’s going on neither, Some people are calling a nonce	Same seen everywhere and people taking the piss out of his appearance as well ffs	others
5586	On Tim Foli's 68th birthday, who wants to start a petition for the Pittsburgh Pirates to bring back this uniform that they wore during Spring Training in 1981?	All black? No sir..	Maybe not for middle of the summer, but I'd love to see it on throwback days early in the year. Yellow trim/stirrups, the old logo, numbers on the sleeves. Looks good to me	others
5587	Bought this today like some sort of hashtag names	I am not joking when I tell you Alex stood in front of one of these in Dobbies and had to be COAXED OUT fifteen minutes later. I did not buy him one. I am a bad mother.	You can't buy him ALL the trains!	others
5588	Doctor, I think it’s time for your medicines.	Looolll how does anyone take seriously a man who actually says “womens” on Twitter in 2018	Apparently he’s a doctor practicing in Manhattan, New York. Didn’t know there was a ghetto in Faisalabad called New York.	others
5589	He's left the PlayStation on while I try to watch the ice burg programme and the fucking thing sounds like its going to take off	Probably downloading something.	I've turned it off noisy as fuck when i wanna watch something	others
5590	Pele exposefest on TL ahh lemme inject this dub into my veins dawg	Wish it was on my TL	I’ve rtd a few	others
5591	Whether you fold it not, be sure to remember this: Pizza sucks.	But can the pizza beast ring 4 times against you?	I sure hope not.	others
5592	EUGENE SHUT UPSKHDKSHD I DESERVE THIS SOMEONE W R I T E IT	I WANNA INCLUDE THIS KIHYUN IN MY VAMPIRE HYUNGWON AU I REALLY HAVE TO DO THIS I THOUGGT SO MUCH ABOUY THJS KIHYUN I CANT SLEEP	DO. IT. THIS KIHYUN IS SOMETHING I REALLY DIDN'T KNOW I NEEDED 'TIL NOW AND NOW U GOTTA GIVE IT TO ME YOU CAN'T SAY THIS AND LEAVE IT DOESN'T WORK LIKE THAT	others
5593	انا الفرحان بشوفتك انا اللي قرّت عيوني!  ..	Love you	I do more	others
5594	using the word retire for a hobby omegaLUL	this is a big ok dude if i've ever seen one	im not being serious i fukin used omegaLUL I don't even use that in twitch chat	others
5595	I gotta show Matt this lol	What’s wrong with these??!!?	lol nothing. I had them the other night at the club when we were dead and Matt our DJ went on the mic and said that ‘tonight’s entertainment is sponsored by mint Milano’s’	others
5596	I'm against Christmas pudding and cheese because I fucking hate fruit cake with all the fire of my soul. However fruit cake and a strong cheddar would 100% go together and I don't understand how people aren't getting it. Icing and marzipan removed obviously.	You put jam on cheese, don’t you?	Nah don't like jam	others
5597	So I just made nachos with bbq sauce, cheese and kimchi. This sounds like some unholy abomination, but is actually super good.	I’d have figured kimchi and cheese would refuse to play nice.	I'm using a really mild colby-jack, nothing sharp like cheddar.	others
5598	The holiday pre Christmas film... has to be done!	How long until Jaws get an airing.	"Won't be until we have watched ""love actually"" and maybe another Christmas film!"	others
5599	Hello dear friends ♡♡ Wishing you a lovely day ✥✥	Deer have a wonderful evening terri	Thank you Have a good night Tomas	others
5600	There isn’t too much I keep sub specific, but we could have one of the greatest investments this year, or possibly one of the biggest waste of time investments ever. Either way, I’m excited for this one! Gulp!	I'm a sub but I've never used discord.	Join up!	others
5601	BkChat get Caroline flack to enter the villa, Ama lose my shit.	What happened	You seen the new trailer? Looks like love island.	others
5602	2 ppl unfollowed me	Well they're tasteless ig	I don’t deserve u	others
5603	this yt rewind was better than last years definitely you can actually recognize the ppl in it i like it better 2014 still is the best	I recognised like three people am I just getting old	they didn’t use a lot of big creators	others
5604	did you edit that video on your IG? Or did dippin diesel really roast your truck lol?	He roasted it lol	Is he your boy or nah? Lol doesn’t he drive that old ass Cummins?	others
5605	5 meeting day: completed Always Cheating Advice Shop: open We're opening up a special mini-edition of the Always Cheating Advice Shop. 100% accurate answers to your dilemmas for the next 15 minutes starting...now.	Double Liverpool defence and triple city midfield... Worth breaking for Kane?	That is a really tough question! I guess I'd break the Triple C midfield first but I might hold off.	others
5606	This is blunt weather, I don’t kno about y’all!!!!!	dab it	In LA?? I’ll text Brandon lmao	others
5607	Before and after explosion of Propane gas bottles and huge fire in one of the stands on	Thank goodness only one person injured. Hopefully they will be able to restore it.You know my love for architecture. This is sad.	Yeah, there were plenty people there but only one injury, thank dad for that. I hope so too, it's on Main Square of Old Town so they better restore it but then it's a historical building so it will cost a fortune as they will have to use a special techniques and materials.	others
5608	Me: *steps outside* Me: We love frostbitten nipples	Jesus	Yea it’s cold cold out here	others
5609	My neighborhood grocery store slides in with a subtle burn, merchandizing my favorite German white wine with the corndogs.	Look, they're just helping. Dinner is sorted.	I suppose it is...	others
5610	Can’t wait for Sunday	I'll be there	Should be a cracker	others
5611	I'm not feeling my best and I don't want to spread negative energy so I won't be on social media very much today.	Hope you feel better soon.	Thank you!	others
5612	me n are like a wee married couple, make each other dinner, clean the flat together, lie in bed together, won’t make tea/hot choc without making her one, goals	And I’m the third wheel	shame u didn’t quite make it to flat A12 x but a do make u hot choc EVERY time ur at ours	others
5613	im rly listening to agust d at 2:22 am	mono at 2:27am	AHHHHH JSDJ TT ;; it's 2:36 am & i love my man	others
5614	The stars at night are big and bright	My Dad used to sing this to me when he put me to bed as a little ankle biter.	Great memories!	others
5615	i wanna vid on adiya but inspo is lacking	Do it please.	i need song suggestions and inspo is so lacking	others
5616	Trying a new thing to get the word out about recent publications: one-pic papers. All the information you need to understand and cite research in a single image. Let me know what you think (no .1)	That is great! Just based on comments I’ve heard from others: If possible, would you be able to add/include a one-sentence image caption for folks using screen readers?	Not a bad idea. I'll learn how to do that.	others
5617	(apologies its not an art post it’s just my face) got mascara put on me after 500 years its only on the top lashes though but i just never wear it	Your nose is super pretty it reminded me the earth (btw you have pretty eyelashes)	thank u im channeling the environment through my nose (thank you)	others
5618	Just clocked	Looool that means you watch WhatsApp stories	Only my moms she’s fucking hilarious. You on the other hand, you have shocked me.	others
5619	‘Imagine disagreeing’ This is so far from reality smh	It’s twerking g	Forgot it’s FT	others
5620	TRIPPINNNNN	Nah	okay but can i know why you think that so i don’t feel like i’m missing out on quality knowledge	others
5621	Yo money Mike, did I understand it correctly? If we cut hyde there is NO dead money?	Yes	I tell ya one thing. The QB i HOPE we get is mr haskins man. The fact that we have scouted atleast 5 OSU games this yr alone says ALOT to me.	others
5622	WANTED: An experienced campaign manager. Bakersfield CA23 area. American citizen contemplating taking on a corrupt political party and it's house leader who bows to a corrupt President. Serious inquiries only. Direct Message. Thanks.	Yes go for it!!	Thanks Andrea	others
5623	Idk why ppl be so in love wit me I don’t even be doing nothing special lol	Bitch you’re as bomb as they come lol shit up	lmao bye I wish	others
5624	So, my specialist says I can be off all my diabetes meds if I lose 30 pounds. I don't eat my feelings anymore thanks to my D/A meds . . . do you guys think it's possible?	You can do it!! We will all cheer you on!!	Thanks, I could use the support!	others
5625	Me: I HAVE A QUIZ IN AN HOUR I FORGOT TO STUDY FOR My brain: *plays disco beat from Funkytown*	YOU GOT THIS!!	IM TRYIN	others
5626	hey i'll give a follow and promo to anyone who can accurately guess my smash main on the first try	Ike, because he fights for his friends?	not Ike, but i respect his vision!	others
5627	Thank you for making me the happiest man alive, I'll love you forever	Congrats big bra! Wish you the best much love	Appreciate ya brother much love	others
5628	god why the fuck did i read demon as lemon	lemon is technically gender neutral	i can’t wait to start referring to my cohort of nb folk as lemons	others
5629	A rare photo of me in an official picture at	Lovely! And I love your dress; it’s beautiful.	Thank you! x	others
5630	just scared an old man in the bathroom because I thought it was my friend walking in - I am so sorry dude	why are u even going to the bathroom even if ur friend was inside hunter thats like invasion of privacy hahaha	no hahaha I was inside and I didn’t lock it & I heard them typing the code so I was like ok u think ur slick? Hid behind the door and then ya	others
5631	I'd like to give a shoutout to my best Mexican friend: Tapitio for making my breakfast burritos tastier every morning.	Mi amigo, you need this.	do regular supermarkets sell this? Or do I got to go to a Mexican grocer?	others
5632	"Transphobic zoophiles: ""you're not allowed to be comfortable inside your own body but you have to let me be comfortable inside of an animal's body."" What has the world come to?"	wait seriously	Based on a real conversation I had once	others
5633	So	What is that? it looks neat and I don't recognize it.	the temple of time and it's reflection	others
5634	“According to the National Assessment of Educational Progress, more than six in 10 fourth graders aren’t proficient readers.”	This is a great article! I know that I didn't truly learn what reading instruction looked like when I was in college.	I didn’t either and I have a READING MINOR.	others
5635	At least I’m a good person I guess	One of the best I know big guy	My dog!!	others
5636	. 's for my son because I believed in the quality. The zipper broke after 2 months of wear. Need a coat that makes better zipper quality.	We are sorry the zipper did not last, Stella. Are you able to share a photo of the coat so our buying office can identify it?	I attached a pic with the logo, and one to see the teeth missing from the zipper and the pull part of the zipper.	others
5637	the three best star wars characters: gonk droid dash rendar satan, the devil, who drinks at the mos eisley cantina	No space mummy?	dengar is not a mummy	others
5638	4.0? more like, oh FUCK no, amiright fellas?	R u okay?	Like I thought I failed a Spanish test but turns out I got a solid B on both the test and in the class? So now I am?	others
5639	I am also SUPER proud of you, for being an amazing fucking mom while juggling life, school and work.. His love for you proves how good of a job you are doing at loving him and raising him	You’re going to make me cry we love you so much	Good, cry I love you guys so much too	others
5640	wait swing kids is going to be playing in theaters in the US?	Is it? I want to see this movie so bad.	i’m not sure but i want to see it as well	others
5641	nasty mom you staring in the money	Mama Gotta Have A Life Too Jody	Plz go to hell	others
5642	“You must conduct a professional persona” Yeah just don’t look st my replies to my friends and it’s fine.	GUILTY COUGHING.	Ideally I work on some horny vampire demon VN anyway with body horror I’mcurating my audience	others
5643	Qui n'a pas déjà vu au détour d'un rayon de supermarché, un client calculette à la main, compter au centime près ses dépenses alimentaires ?	Moi j en ai vu et je le fais	Courage...	others
5644	Peppermint pizza with fresh peppermint pesto, ground candy cane ricotta, smoked mozzarella, garlic and dried mint olive oil on the crust. This was so so so much better than it should have been. Cooking is easy.	Are you gonna post the recipe?	It was like 15 steps and I didn’t write anything down or measure anything	others
5645	Maybe it is time i clean out some stuff, should i give away these ?	Where do you get all of them?	Stores online and in person	others
5646	"WhatsApp recently added these ""I just felt so loved by what you said"" emoticons. If only WhatsApp could add a cute enough guy to my life I could send these emojis to, vrna baaki ladko ki toh Maine beizatti kr k sirf yahi bhejna hota hai."	Tm muje fb kro fr jo bezati krna ho meri krte rhna.	You haven't followed me at the first place to deserve a follow back	others
5647	I melted an entire kinder egg onto my pants, and I threw up from having such a bad headache. Today was not a good day for kendra.	love you	Love u	others
5648	I just wrapped up my 7th grade unit focused on Native American lit. Here are a few projects my students turned in. My camera is broken, so please excuse the blurriness.	Excellent! I'd love to hear more about it!	When students were done reading, they created one pagers with a theme from the book, quotes from the book, explanations of the connection, images related to the book and/or theme, and a reflection on the theme's importance. They could design and organize the page how they wanted.	others
5649	I’m proud to announce my commitment to continue my academic and lacrosse career at the Milwaukee School of Engineering! Thank you to my family, friends, teammates, and coaches for the support over the length of my recruiting process!	Aye congrats Thomas! Well deserved	Thanks Q miss you brotha! Good luck at the big UVA next year	others
5650	We’ve an amazing market this Dec 8th Sat for you! @RubyHarteFlower	workshop	Gonna be scentsational	others
5651	It’s like the most simple white boy name ever who tf cant remember ‘george’ ???	Noooooooooooo I can’t	I don’t have time for this babe I really don’t	others
5652	a minjin / izone au  —where yujin manages to come across the girl who stole her first kiss during an elementary school play.	How to edit like that? what app did you use?	social dummy!	others
5653	For a for years at the family Xmas party I've created a to find books containing prizes based on questions,images,songs charades	I might need more info to go on.	Yes, thats the way I feel.	others
5654	I got real lucky	so did you just manage to have your copy ship in a day early or	I have a friend who’s able to get certain games 2 days early legally	others
5655	Ok you’re done here	Too far	I’m about to block hold on	others
5656	you’re on here! I miss you!	I miss you!!! FaceTime soon?!?!!	Absolutely!	others
5657	I swear dads are the hardest fuckers to buy for at Christmas	Socks and pants. Brut or Old Spice Set easy!!	Are they aftershaves he likes? X	others
5658	Folks get away with tons of trash ass messy ass problematic ass shit, just because they’re cute and folks wanna fuck.	Oooop	Did I lie?	others
5659	It makes me so sad.	and it's always wet	Always! Like dry that shit up! Damn!	others
5660	Hello there Alexa	Hi	It was my idea to make you the head of the division not Corbin's, just to make it clear	others
5661	imagine crying wtf	Fiat 500 twitter really coming after you lad	I know mate could’ve been worse though they were alright	others
5662	Okay everyone shut the fuck up about politics and listen to the Buzzcocks RIGHT NOW	fuuuuuuuuuuck	I’m sad I listen to “Lipstick” like, multiple times a week	others
5663	I needed to take a crap so bad that it would require me to sit for too long on the toilet at work. People would have noticed. I just ended up requesting vacation time off. I'm not trynna get fired for time theft.	I shit exclusively on company time	Bruh... I believe you.	others
5664	Easy tiger.	I’m sorry but I’m tired of this narrative	People build walls thinking it's a protective measure, it really takes away from the experience. Catching feelings is inevitable, allow it. However, should two parties ever deviate from their initial agreement, their union should then end.	others
5665	The LeBron 9’s had so much heat.	south. beach. pre. heats. >>>	My second favorite shoe that I own. I’m wearing my favorites today.	others
5666	Today is a wtf am I doing with my life day	Girl. Same. This has been my week.....	We could call it ..... whatever	others
5667	can i get a boogie spray please?	Sure thing! As soon as I’m home!	Nice thank you	others
5668	and y’all wonder why LeBron left	You got on ankle socks with your J’s I’m not sure how I’m feeling right now Ramey.	they are mids!!	others
5669	Got my second law school acceptance! This time to Seton Hall!! - I have a feeling and her Jersey roots were the main reason!!	Congrats!!!	thank you!	others
5670	Sad bastards moaning about compensation after less than an hour or two of downtime. One person moaning they pay £70 a month and wants a discount. Ok, but that works out at 10p per hour. Enjoy your discount, dickhead. The relies to	We'll done mate you've won our stupid tweet of the day competition.	Cheers, is there a prize?	others
5671	... I can certainly see good reasons for that. Not only is CUDA proprietary, it's also quite unpleasant to use compared to SYCL and in some places, its age clearly shows	Can be used with Fortran?	SYCL is a pure C++ programming model, so no Fortran.	others
5672	best way to survive a bearmarket mentaly is to start building stuff on your favorite coin. and with that i mean : iota ofcourse ;) ive seen paying sheep with iota.. i'm sure there are alot of ppl with chickens too ;)	I don't have chickens, but I also eat! Feed me ;)	nice try i must admit	others
5673	Ughhhh working the next 3 days..... 36 hours between Thursday am and Saturday evening. See ya Sunday Twitter!!	Good luck	Thx! 2 hours 54min to go on shift 1.	others
5674	THERE IS A TINY GIRL ON THE TRAIN HOLDING A TINY HAMSTER CAGE WITH A TINY HAMSTER IN IT AHHHH	Strange there was a tiny girl in my house the other week with a tiny hamster on her head. Maybe they are related?	last time i held your hamster she peed on my hand i’m never touching her again	others
5675	Approx 72 hours til we hit the road for Colorado	If you get him to smoke I want a video	Oh if he does there’s no doubt about it being caught on camera don’t worry	others
5676	It’s truly amazing how much your body plummets after a weekend of drinking when you’re 22. After one weekend in State College I have a sinus infection, anemia, high blood sugar, and I have to do vestibular physical therapy for dizziness. Sheesh.	Just like that time Nate went on a weekend bender and got so sick that he got a yeast infection.	Yes, when he got a yeast infection on his internal organs	others
5677	12 years.	Who's the co-commentator? Heard his voice a load of times. Was thinking Warren Barton but a total guess..	Yeah I'd say that's right.	others
5678	Ended the night well! Decent power gains today! :D	I ended at 613 too. I need to grind primes I guess	I'm up to 617 now I finished the forge stuff. Still have nightfall to do but gonna call it a day now lol.	others
5679	I’ve been out of bud for 2 days now and it’s ruining my sleep	Justin said come over.	I’m working a closing shift :(	others
5680	You must be very upset that your friend Trump stabbed you in the back by picking William Barr over you as the next AG. I know I would have been angry, if I had been as loyal to Trump as you have been!	In October Graham said he had no interest in serving in a Presidential cabinet. He said he can do far more good for the country and the President in the Senate.	By “far more good” you mean by 84 farm foreclosures, 15,000 GM workers being laid off, and tariffs crushing this country, I take it.	others
5681	My mom serving looks!!!!!	Hi I ReAlLy mIsS uU	I really miss YOU let’s make plans asap	others
5682	Let's give it a whirl!	I actively dislike (almost even hate) these lists of generic small talk questions, so I'll ask you my own question. What gaming event/convention would most you like to visit if given the chance?	Of the conventions that I've been too I'd say that as I hear it's a pretty crazy time I kind of wish my job was just working conventions sometimes	others
5683	Cheers	Cheers Dave Enjoy your evening	Cheers Martina have a lovely evening too	others
5684	just realised that if the 1975 did have a newcastle date for tour i wouldnt have spent all of september tweeting abt how sad i was n i wouldnt have made pals w lucy n then i wouldnt have northern warriors so thanks i guess	Every cloud	still would be NICE TO HAVE A NEWCASTLE DATE	others
5685	this is the most annoying thing I saw all day. people write based off their happiness or their pain, why should she be deprived of that? because she made a mistake? this world is so, so ignorant.	also she probably wanted to stay with mac but it was emotionally draining for her! they both had so much going on and ppl think that she just left him to screw him over it’s so dumb	I seriously hate people in the world who don’t see it the way it truly is	others
5686	THE HOMIE JUDT SENT ME THIS SCREENSHOT IF YOUR SPOTIFY DONT LOOK LIKE THIS DONT HIT ME	who in their right mind would listen to moderation that much that song gives me a headache	Cause you a bitch	others
5687	This is brilliant	What is?	Oh it wouldn't upload the pictures....	others
5688	Remember when my mom saw my nudes and we didn’t make eye contact for a whole day	PFFFT NO	I WAS LOOKING FOR A PICTURE OF MY CAT AND THATS NOT WHAT WE GOT	others
5689	Can we use turf colorants to replace overseeding in the southwest with the extended cool season color retention of these new Bermudagrasses? It's looking pretty good so far.	As long as there is still some green in the leaf- turf colorant looks pretty good. If completely dormant- it looks too fake!	You are right. We should have started a month ago. Today's colorants can be manipulated to look very real.	others
5690	United are fully a glorified stoke city. Long ball football, no creativity and just fucking shit. Fucking 2 points dropped but 20 games unbeaten, on we go.	A bit late there	I know bro drop a retweet and like for me enit. GEEZA IF YOU’RE READING IT DO THAT SHIT. BANDHA HAS NO SUPPORT OUCHEA	others
5691	Dafuuuck. Safe travels broski	I even have proof I was there with my snapchats.	Wtf dude lol	others
5692	there's a spot on my forehead where it feels like someone hit me with a baseball bat.. touching it... made my head ache so much	Then stop touching it!	I can't seem to do that because I dont know what happened!	others
5693	I’m eating these pretzels so I can avoid my pending mental breakdown.	Cheer up dear. What’s troubling you?	literally life.	others
5694	“WHAT IF WE LEFT ALL TOXICITY AND SETBACKS IN 2018 AND WE FLOURISH IN 2019?!”	Didn't we say this in 2017 i-	but this time we make it true	others
5695	In the surprise of the week, opinions on the proper technique for using the office dishwasher has become a Rorschach test for EVERYTHING.	Between the pegs vs on the pegs?	Pre-wash or no	others
5696	I just wanna talk to someone who doesn’t have a baby, girlfriend, and isn’t complacent. Why is that so hard to find?	YES	It’s a damn shame	others
5697	Hassan Whiteside would fit well on the Kings	he was there once	When he was a nobody	others
5698	Oh my god! Just discovered the book I read) and currently writing review of for 1993 of my was published 1991. Argh!!!! Help need new v quick read for '93.	I remember The Robber Bride as a great book!	Read it, plus a bit long, I need short.	others
5699	Damn tbh I wouldn’t mind working at home	Sign me up lmao	Lmao it’s still a maybe tho	others
5700	Do cash app really be taking out like 4 dollars if somebody send you money	This why we use Apple Pay	everybody don’t have it though	others
5701	Your ass fat I’ve known that since before we became mutuals LMAOOO	LMFAO i don’t think it’s that big?! I mean it’s some meat there but it’s not a donk	Good bye. I’m over here like “pls spare some booty meat ma’am”	others
5702	Just want a girlfriend that’ll go to the skatepark with me and watch me be a below average skater	bc you don't want her to see you at the park/rec hooping. bc you trash	I ain’t that little boy anymore that Colby used to have to bring bc he had to! Don’t mess around and get dunked on Simmons...	others
5703	I don’t get how cap finds out my password every time, even after I change it	cause it’s some basic shit, iluvriddim01	Now I have to change it thanks	others
5704	I miss you guys! I can't wait until January!!!	Happy holidays! We look forward to seeing you in the new year!!	Can’t wait to see you!!!	others
5705	Ok ok Miami I can do it’s nice seeing that there’s at least one date on your plans for the U.S. Love and miss you dearly !	hopefully we’ll see you here!!	If it’s the only date than definitely I’ve always wanted to go to Miami so why not	others
5706	I’m so glad	GTFO WHAT??? WHAT??? WHAT HAPPENED? IS THAT REAL? [deep breaths] did...um...did that really happen?	Since it’s in line with the joke i have provided photographic evidence for ya. Congrats!	others
5707	I swear this is Sonic Colors fans in 2018 lmao	At least black panther had competent dialogue unlike Sonic colors	Are you comparing Marvel movie writing to a Sonic game on the Wii	others
5708	i can’t believe this video is fake i was all in my feelings. i feel bamboozled. lmao! you got me profesor cline.	How do you know it’s fake?	the profesor in the video tweeted so. it’s for an assignment in his media class.	others
5709	Can't wait to see how unwinnable Ganon Sheik is again	Lol, I always thought this is one of, if not the worst MU in sm4sh	It's up there. Worse than Ganon Bayo at higher level imo	others
5710	“The test is multiple choice” CEs:	Flashbacks to surveying	I legit had a PTSD flashback right when he said that	others
5711	Even fools are thought wise if they keep silent, and discerning if they hold their tongues. - Proverbs 17:28 NIV	Who? Wait, what did I say? *Looks side to side.* Shhhh tell no one.	Directed at no one in particular. But you might have a guilty conscience.	others
5712	If anyone looks at me and tells me that this is anything but incredibly gay, they’re homophobic	WHat is this wonderful gay content from???	the Ao No Exorcist manga!! it's not like 100% gay content, but pls read it, it has such great storytelling and world building	others
5713	"Rather ""swampy"" of him wouldn't you say? I thought he was gonna drain the swamp?"	Why are you so reasonable and perceptive all of a sudden? I’m not even being sarcastic. I feel gaslit,	Nope. I'm still the same. I just say what I believe. Issue by issue. That's what I've always done. Thanks	others
5714	300m Snipe	That’s naughty mate	Ended in a victory royale to make it better	others
5715	Blonde bitch	YAAASSSS BITCH I LOVE	Love you	others
5716	STILL thinking of how great this movie is and when I can watch it again...	It’s really REALLY good! Was kind of a casual fan of the band & music before, but it certainly does give you some extra perspective that makes everything about them more interesting & impressive.	My dad was a major fan and I grew up with most of their music. Yet, I knew so little about them, as a band & individuals. I would've loved watching this with my dad.	others
5717	175 days waiting let’s fuckin goooo	Yakhi I've been playing for the last 7 hours basically non stop. Take it away from me so I can sleep	I’ve already played over 100 matches by the time it was 9pm and I’m not tryna sleep rn	others
5718	hopefully college can really force me to detox from this place and take a break from it cause I am gonna have to study hard and do not wanna be distracted I need tips on how can I deactivate my account not forever but for a while until I wanna come back I really need to detox	When do you start school Marc? And which one did you choose? What are you going to major in?	I just found out today that I start in February	others
5719	Literally been recording since season 7 release and haven't won a game. Safe to say i wanna neck rope	are you still awake cunt oh my god	I don't know who I am anymore	others
5720	The desperate act of a desperate man	Its legal tender daz	As a Scot who’s tried to use a Bank of Scotland tenner in England on multiple occasions, don’t you lecture me on legal tender	others
5721	y'all, who's willing to drop a link to their spotify top 2018 playlist? I'll listen to anything and I want to discover new music	Enjoy	come on eileen in 2018, i really felt that thanks fam	others
5722	I'm glad I'm an old man	Why?	The modern world is confusing amongst other things	others
5723	Big dog right here	Love him and the show	my fave show and he's my fave guy along with Roman	others
5724	this reminds me of volleyball!!! that drill where each of us went up and my coach would do a bunch of different hits and we couldn’t let the ball touch the ground so much fun	Let’s have a volleyball day pls!!!!	SO DOWN	others
5725	Otw	Ima hit you up when I get up there , I’m off campus right now	Okay	others
5726	Lmao how long you gotta wait before you start fucking w the person you was accused of cheating with? Asking for myself	Niggas tend to wait 1 business day so I think that’s the answer	DEAD ASS BEST I’m good to cause it’s been 7–10 business days	others
5727	Hey	Hi Phil, your loyalty is greatly appreciated and we're truly sorry your luggage did not come out first. Please know that it is never our intention to disappoint or dissatisfy our customers. We hope to serve you better in the future. *HRS	It’s not dissatisfaction. Unfortunately, it’s more about ensuring that the benefits that you offer your medallion customers are the actually being completed. Thanks for your response.	others
5728	Will you support Jo and Sam?	I will if I can help ?	Brilliant	others
5729	Hello my 2 new friends!	Oooooooooook now u look better than me	Whaaaaaaat do u mean? I always do xD	others
5730	Some verrrrry rough OWL tiers, since everyone's throwing out early predictions:  NYXL/LON  VAN/VAL  PHI/HAN DAL/GLA/SEO/SF Each line is pretty fluid, and any of these could shuffle, but I'm fairly confident in my top 10. Notably, I think SHD/HOU could break in here as well.	Jersey of your choice bet you have us in the wrong tier	I *want* to believe that this is Seoul's year. I need to do some homework on your new additions, though. You've got some stiff competition...	others
5731	Anyone wanna play Pro points?	Find 3?	If I can	others
5732	.	Wow Michigan had nooooo lasting impact on you.	I worked hard to get rid of my Michigan twang because I knew I was leaving for good. When I go back to the Midwest, it will start to surface again after a week or so - or sometimes when I get mad	others
5733	it is coming out hour~  I've been hiding in the closet for a while even to very close friends/family members because I know it's a topic that can spark very aggressive debates.. but I'm finally out! I'm fine with any pronouns even though I prefer they/them	I have no clue what flag that is but yaaaaaay	non binary! forgot to mention it because I'm dumb	others
5734	I have a new murdered lady story in	God, I love you. Don't ever stop writing this series!	I probably won't....	others
5735	To be fair, where they married doesn’t control venue. Where they filed for divorce does.  That’s why many divorces are a race to the courthouse to pick the state most favorable to your cause.	She's a fool if she files in NY...GA law is much friendlier...PARTICULARLY with whole ass vids of that Kneegro's infidelity floating around.	That's why I figured she must've had everything in place before making this announcement because if not, she could be playing herself.	others
5736	Would pay someone in love and friendship if they brought a coffee to Kevin’s house for me	That's what kev is for lol	He wasn’t thereeee	others
5737	re the 3rd rd - why has the 1st heat drawn on TV become the 2nd heat of the night, were they not drawn in race order? if not, why not?	It was never stated they were drawn in order. Like any race meeting, discretion is required for race scheduling.	Except that this heat was stated as heat 1	others
5738	Is 02 working yet cause I’m bored of having no pals	O2 been playing me allll day	I’m not even on 02 I’m just using it as an excuse for my phone being dry AF	others
5739	ok mag dala ako ng mango cake bukas who wants? and chocolates?	BELLAAAA	you not mad anymore?	others
5740	Not sure my day can ever get worse than this ...lost a great bet because Chelsea lost Chelsea Lost  Lingard scored so I have to be on a Manchester United agenda till the end of the month  Someone hand me a loaded Glock	I feel like laffing	Laugh there let me see u	others
5741	revival fans who sign that petition know they're racist right	can we have a petition for creative to stop making lhp look bad instead	petition? no i am taking it into my own hands. i'm firing all of wwe	others
5742	Why does this heifer need to use the washing machine EVERY GOT DAMN DAY???!	Enjoying your new home?	Well yes for the most part, just having to deal with quite an immature girl here who doesnt understand how bills and sharing a flat work...	others
5743	Feeling so lonely and worthless lately which is honestly why I haven't been streaming as much. No Spyro streams as much or much of anything. Wanted to kill myself a few times in the past month. Loneliness sure does do a lot to a person. Hope you guys are having a great day though	Bro if you EVER need someone to talk to my inbox is always coming	Thank you. Really do appreciate it man. Honestly.	others
5744	Should whitespace have syntactic meaningbeyond separating tokens?	This is the reason I hate python and also the reason I like YAML, so maybe?	I was also thinking of Makefiles.	others
5745	If you can think of a quicker way around the city then on a bike (besides helicopter) - good luck to you	How about a car?	6 mins at 4.15pm in Belfast traffic? We should have a race	others
5746	I designed the next Cartoon Network cartoon. What’s the title of this new hit show?	Adventure Zone!	That’s like a mix of Chalk Zone and Adventure Time! Sheesh silver!	others
5747	The criticism Sinclair gets is harsh. Yes been very poor at times but look at his record. The facts. The assist and goals. Important player who lacks confidence at times.	So you'll be offering him a new contract mate	I don’t offer contract mate	others
5748	This is very unfair but One Punch Man, Bleach, Naruto, One Piece, Boku No Hero and Fate stay night Ima try sneak in SAO though.  Gonna miss AoT, Fullmetal, Death note and Tokyo Ghoul maybe even HxH and Akame Ga Kill	I’ve literally only watched one out of these, and yes you’ve guessed it	Ahh If you say Dragon ball Z we're gonna fight	others
5749	It’s funny asf when dumbass, low life people purposely call me anything that has to do with female shit thinking it’ll bother me. I give zero fucks about you & am no where near phased by you. We did get a good ass laugh about it though get a life.	Fuck them man. People are dumb as fuck.	I agree. People always trying to start unnecessary shit	others
5750	I just got all 4 of my wisdom teeth pulled & for all you mfs who claim it doesn’t hurt after	Who said that doesn’t hurt cause that shit definitely hurts	I know	others
5751	Emery boards are awful... but I like them.	Amazing!!	Thank you! x	others
5752	Boutta have some fun with this freshly 18yo Latino twink. So young but so hung. Photos don't do him justice.	Beautiful feet tho	I’m gonna post more feet stuff.	others
5753	Do u ever forget to poop for a few days	this is alarming you should get that checked out	I forgot ok	others
5754	I have this unshakable feeling that my partner is cheating on me...	Ask him how he feels about the relationship? The natural instinct is to say “I’m happy”, but persist with follow up questions. Ask things like, “are you sure?” “I’ve been feeling uncomfortable lately” “I feel like something is going on in your life because you seem diff lately”	That’s fucking good advice.	others
5755	If you can read this, you’ve helped me reach 10 followers. Thank you!	I am follower #52	Definitely the #1 VPGM tho.	others
5756	Merry Maraschino expressions	Cute expressions!	Thank you!!	others
5757	Dan call your mom and tell her you are trans (no hate I swear)	wtf	I didn't mean it in a rude way	others
5758	Season 7 map looks lit	give me one good reason why i shouldn’t steal this	I’ll call the FBI	others
5759	Love Island Reunion willlll beee Mad! Now that Jack and Dani have broken up will be fun to watch it.	THEY BROKE UP???!!!!	Yah check out Dani’s Instagram story.	others
5760	that back scratch spot dean and seth does every single time it dates back to fcw has no significant reason to their story so i have no choice but to kinkshame them	they're being adventurous by doing it in public, i respect their game!	theyve been doing it for YRS once or twice is fine but now KinkShame.	others
5761	Who gon pick me up from JFK Saturday night ?	You better be home by Wednesday that’s all I know	I rescheduled everything just for your arrival	others
5762	who wants these HD wallpapers?	me plz link .	don't have a link hehe all saved in my Mobile	others
5763	I'm a piece of shit	shut the fuck up, u the best, melhor que a ariana	U ARE CRAZYYYY	others
5764	Home from a fabulous few days away in Brugge	Such a beautiful place, I was there at the beginning of the year!	Absolutely, it was so picturesque	others
5765	What's your dream car? — the machine of a dream, such a clean machine	y-you stan?	I STAN	others
5766	I thought this wasn’t happening	You know as much as I do. The Italian page I shared a few days ago said the GTV was no more, now CAR says it’s still on... Will have to ask questions in Turin	I hope it is still being built	others
5767	Guys, I can't stop watching that Hot Fedorov gif.	Stupid sexy Sergei	I mean... right?	others
5768	i love him	why so perfect? omg	Omg man I wish ly though	others
5769	All Facebook has taught me is that pictures of my future baby should be kept to myself except maybe once a month. Yes I’m tired of looking at your child literally everyday. No I am not sorry for saying this.	I hate when they post 10 pics in the same setting and they’re like “it’s so hard to get a good pic”	“Almost forgot your daily dose of my child that looks THE EXACT SAME as yesterday!!! uwu”	others
5770	Not trying to take anything away from him. But couldn't every if not most coaches be able to say this about a defense in Week 14? I looked at as more of Mcvay just chose to say it publicly. Lol I'm sure coaches know and can say this behind closed doors every week.	No doubt every coach can do this	I thought so. I saw everyone talking about it and was expecting some ultimate breakdown of each player on the defense when I finally watched it.	others
5771	how the hell am i supposed to give my friends gifts when most of them are sagittarius/capricorn/aquarius	Good thing I’m a crab and also not your friend	i already gave you a fic and i will give you another and then another	others
5772	Plotting	awwww what a fluffy beauty!	He's our Romanian rescue	others
5773	Catching up on social media after a day of no signal makes you realise how little impact it actually has on your life	But could you live without a Styrofoam tray from spar??	Been far too long haha	others
5774	I wonder if O2 will be as quick to refund us for the	I calculated - they owe me 18p so far. And I actually want it	Me too They weren’t slow at fleecing me for £90 of data when I was in Israel!	others
5775	Beautiful.	All i want update firmino details face & make a real face for saint maxmain	Still two or more Data packs to go my bro.... So let's see and hope.	others
5776	you think it’s a promo stunt !?	Nah i just think shes finally tired of gettin dragged in the media cause of him cheating and getting caught lol it fucks up her cred	True my nigga moving madddddd sloppy I’m not seein the full vibes on my snap	others
5777	I will literally never be this beautiful again wow	correct because you are even MORE beautiful since these photos	I think I just miss the tiny brows	others
5778	Find the people who bite into their Kit Kats:      Can’t find them?  That’s because they live among us, looking like normal people. The only real difference is they don't know that	Hi. You’re my favorite candy bar. Not ashamed to say that I never break.	Hi. I appreciate the honesty and love you even more now	others
5779	Thank you	Low Teens on repeat	I have an Anberlin playlist I run to. That 7 hours seems way low.	others
5780	rafael 4 life henis The Most Attractive Man I Have Ever Seen	why do uou watch terrible tv shows	i dont watch this show i hate this show but rafael fine as hell!!!!	others
5781	I felt this sis	It be like that	It really do ):	others
5782	SZA is by far in my top 5 favorite artist of all time. her music is just truly untouchable for a female.	tru tru but you ruined this statement when you said for a femalecome on tor	how no female in the game rn can come close to her music, but obviously i think there are more male artist better then her.	others
5783	Yes I do owo	what’s ur id!!	It's fortshiisopp	others
5784	Anybody use the combo of Mix it up/youtube Song Requests/Streamlabs? I can not get it to work	Make sure to have overlay turned on in Mix It up and add that overlay to streamlabs.	I did do that, I'd check connection and it would say connected sometimes and disconnected others	others
5785	hi	hello	u are probably one of my most loyal mutuals. i love.	others
5786	You know you have a serious problem, when you been out the shower about an hour ago and your still naked and your on Twitter and texting your boo back and forth...	Girl that was me this morning lmao, air drying	Lol we have a problem I'm not even in a towel	others
5787	Let the annual baking of the chocolate covered graham crackers, BEGIN. Oy.	Dark chocolate?	Milk	others
5788	Now that I see that provided?	Hope someone will write it. I obviously can’t.  But as I said l, we’ll do our best to provide developers with data.	Everyone had access to Steam Spy, not just developers. Players and media found it interesting, too. It seems a little odd that the same level of transparency wouldn't be offered to all.	others
5789	Mrs Booysens, she was easily distracted we just ask her to tell us about her wedding or Her husband Rudy and there we go, free period. She was beautiful, kind hearted and and and. Also Mr Maloney, he was a parent that 1, very supportive and he laughed at his own jokes	Mr Maloney!!! My rugby coach, Yeses I loved that guy. Bekhu inja yam' loya.	He was my physics teacher and I was 1 of his Laboratory assistants	others
5790	I'm not sure having a working security light is reassuring me. Ours has mysteriously fixed itself after at least a year of not working & now each time it goes on I'm scanning the garden for intruders...	I put a security light in my garden but it kept coming on so I unplugged it as it was making me feel uneasy.	Well our garden backs on to a lane plus has different levels & the pond so it was quite useful but it stays on for about 20 mins!!	others
5791	Planning to visit Hartsdown Park for Saturday's game against Grab a special match day ticket online £15 adults£13 concessions  Entry    Tea, Coffee, Coke, Lemonade or bottle of water	How much is u16 tickets at the gate for the game on saturday	Hi - it’s £5. Ticket prices can be found here	others
5792	"Aye that ""lovely man"" Paul Wright/AllSkipsAbout. Brechins own 'macciavelli'. Who's hounding & online manipulation of women [defiaye&J to name but two] and men [scotsnat&myself currently] are legendary within"	You seem to enjoy harassing and threatening women with illnesses or disabilities wex.	a physical or disability or MHI does not stop you from being the vicious/cruel/ nasty individuals you are. i hold my head high in my support of Pauline and her mum /Julie & Scotsnat. you are the harassers/bullies/liars and opressors and you are still doing it. psychopathic imho.	others
5793	I think im just salty cuz playing destiny was the only thing i had resembling social interaction and now thanks to high lvl reqs that I cant reach im back to being by myself	Play pub g with us when it comes out!!!	Totally, ive begun to have a preference for online games with no persistent level	others
5794	Not healthy behavior for markets not at all. Exchanges did a lot of damage today with outright market intervention and manipulation and should be brought up on investigation for today’s activities which are way outside their mandate or endorsed by regulation	That will never happen	Agree - should and will are completely different - and they most definitely should be investigated over today’s activity but agree will not happen	others
5795	I like this tbh I’m so surprised that people arent tired of seeing such boyband-ish covers of them when they are not and so luke is the vocalist which means he belongs to the front	YES give my men the support they deserve	I mean,,, as a non 5sos stan I just had to make some points	others
5796	I am very proud of this	i remember this ;v;	agshajakshava i am glad! i need to migrate my stuff just in case here and this is still one of my favorite works. bless you for Veloce!	others
5797	What's really fun about being in a relationship?	The fact that someone else completes you... That's all the beauty I feel	Maybe I like being incomplete	others
5798	I only need 16 more followers for my twitch stream till I become affiliate I’m actually super hyped!!	You stream?	Ahah yea, it’s kinda a recent thing? Been doing it for a few months! Mainly Stream Overwatch and Fallout 76, I’d like to get an elgato though so I can stream switch games	others
5799	Why I don’t do early mornings: spent 15 mins almost making myself late looking for my moms car keys just to realize they were in her car cause I already started it to warm it up. My brain is non existent before 9 am	Good thing you work with coffee	I had to be up early for my new second job, I’m working early mornings at an animal shelter and had to go in for training today!!	others
5800	lemme just say i advocated for kwesta to get first spot but i got outvoted.	no Reece? This aint it.	oh, i also advocated for reece to get a spot but i got outvoted again.	others
5801	I have no self-control. Fortunately I still have a working cassette player.	I don't even have a working DVD-player and I still ordered the Butterfly Package so why not also buy a casette then while we're at it hehe	Indeed, I ordered the vinyl while I don't have a record player. Now all we need is a blu ray.	others
5802	Road Rash, but for cool Pepsi drinking people	"I love the box cover for this game lol, it's like a bad rap album, and the warning that tells you ""don't even think about Skitchin' for real""."	It’s so cool. We don’t have anything this cool anymore.	others
5803	What a dumb bitch and offsets just another dumb nigga ... we don’t support you dumb fucks	"Lmfoa homegirl just crying Mickey Mouse tears for her 15 min of fame... ""didn't know how serious their marriage was"""	I got a few washed up home wreckers she can chill with tho	others
5804	So I’m currently just tryna chill and I walk into an Aux cord war in the lounge	Lol. Who won?	I don’t even know it just turned into a giant party	others
5805	Patchy internet access this morning	I've only just got mine back. Had nothing all day. Text messages also buggered	Is it back up now then? I've been on WiFi since I got home this afternoon	others
5806	It's nice to know that if you order something on employees know how to ruin the holiday spirit.	That's definitely not the experience we hope for. Without posting any personal or account information, can you tell us a bit more about the issue that prompted you to contact us? ^GG	Sure, my package missed the organization shipping date, regardless of it being 4 hours away. It sat 4 hours away for 2 days. Now, it's 30 minutes away and will not be delivered today. So, conclusion... typical Amazon with inferior employees. I want the actual to reply.	others
5807	Doing xbox 1s giveaway on my YouTube channel	Good luck to everyone who entered	December 15 i will be announcing the winner all you have to do is stay active on my YouTube channel and on my social medias	others
5808	Everyone in the replies is saying they hated glossy eyes, fluffy brows and fake freckles and those are all my faves!!	Literally the go to look for me! Fuck em	I know right!!!	others
5809	Keep those ugly ass botox lips from hell out my damn TL	don’t slander my wife	How she gonna let someone inject that into her lips if they aren’t a doctor or nurse? Beautician probably got some veggie dip from the party on the needle & now old girl’s lips are gonna fall off.	others
5810	what do i have to do to be able to hug david dobik just once in my life	dobik	couldn’t see through the tears	others
5811	I will never stop seeing Arianna Grande as a baby	Justin Beiber?	He’s a grown ass man	others
5812	do any of y’all know what my @ stands for?	yes	i see	others
5813	Libra Men are cancelled in my book	My heavens	Yall coming out the woodworks today lmao	others
5814	honestly pretty pissed off that diablo 3 is already $20 cheaper on the eshop. i bought it after it wasn’t in any black friday sales, thinking that it wouldn’t be discounted until next year at that rate. game’s still really good tho	r u talkin about hot sauce	dragged by my own family	others
5815	Spread the word!	Sounds great, email sent!	Great stuff! If you know any others working in the area in NI put them in touch with me - we can grow our local network and have a meet up!	others
5816	Just had my 24th annual father-son Christmas bonding. Usual format: art exhibition, lunch, the Varsity match and end with a brass band playing at Waterloo. Just realised that next year I’ll be the same age he was when we started this. Look forward to when we can add my children	Are you sober ?	For once, yes. I’ve been unable to shake a really bad cold so we only shared one bottle of wine at lunch and had two pints each at the game. Barely starting.	others
5817	I get small waka tomorrow,make I block you for wherever you dey when I finish..cool?	Waka waka!!!! Shey you get my number	I go find am.	others
5818	God I wish that were me	wtf	Sounds good, right?	others
5819	Cut my hair is/was the worse decision I’ve made	Why	I don’t know what to do with it! I need something done to my head	others
5820	": ""good teams dont have nicknames."" Lists Golden State as an example.. which has two players that are nicknamed ""The Splash Brothers."" Also, ironically, Golden State is California's nick name plenty of other greats with nicknames too. Awful segment."	Not sure specifically what he was talking about but how about Monsters of the Midway or the 4 Horseman? Steal Curtian? Etc.	He even used legion of boom as a failure lol.. I'd say a super bowl ring is a success. Cant all be Tommy Terrific and the Patriots.	others
5821	Meanwhile my boyfriend hate when my feet on him, because he hate feet. He childish	He do too but idc	awn, my boo be ready to knock my ass out when I put my feet on him.	others
5822	Sometimes I starve myself because I'm too lazy to get food	Lazyness for ur own benefit	Can't blame me for not having super powers	others
5823	we have exam trying to eat healthy at this time is not recommended.	Let’s all have broccoli for our exam snacks	we shall not feel guilty for stress eating. also ketchup ew sweet chili sauce plz x	others
5824	How did yours not get bigger	you are not observant	Please please	others
5825	I don't care that I've tweeted this song about 3 times in the last week, it's absolutely brilliant and so is the album Check it out	I love the song title	It's mega innit you need to get on it Ruth I'm getting a bit like with the Vrylls about it I gotta be honest	others
5826	[watching linces live videos] he's so fucking handsome. what the fuck	I just noticed how nice his eyes are, like...oh My God,	HE CUTE!	others
5827	You know you go to an awesome bar when you close your tab and instead of your name on the receipt it says KFC.	What bar?	The PI	others
5828	. tells an Open Government Forum on regulation of online political advertising that electronic voting is a good idea in principle, but that Irish voters prefer the confidence of seeing stacks of physical ballot papers rather than the intangible premise of e-counting	Were you at the forum? Missed you there. In case you missed me too! -	I was there, caught your panel. Hope there was a rapporteur of sorts, otherwise an interesting exchange like today is sort of aimless	others
5829	my account has been banned after I asked for help yesterday trying to retrieve my password. I have already sent you photo Id and there has been no reply yet as to when I will get my account back.	Hello sorry to hear that, can you confirm when you sent this? ^NJ	Hello, I sent this yesterday after I got off of the phone with a member of your support. I can dm you the incident number if you would like.	others
5830	“Don’t go anywhere, don’t go anywhere”	please say your joking	Don’t hate each other, cuddle each other, let me see all of you how you are happy	others
5831	Tfw the inspiration is so strong it destroys your bookshelf	i had this happen to gundam models man... F	Damn i feel like thats worse, especially if you’re super into customizing them	others
5832	Christmas time Mistletoe and wine Children singing Christian rhyme. With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree A time to rejoice in the.... where is it?	Yup, Goldbourne Road . That's Ali's cleaner at the bus stop	It is Ali’s cleaner but she was catching a bus from Westbourne Park Rd to Ali’s	others
5833	Well this is where I'm at.. you too	yep. bingo. i say we go to an island and gets away from the world bc rn that’s what i need	Girl, one way tickets are an excellent option.	others
5834	omg... i binge watched her vids again last night..... i want some	DO uwatch sas	YES i love her videos sm!!!	others
5835	Yay, 12 hours in work done (year 11 parents evening) picked up the Monkey (his mum's in Barcelona) and now making veggy sausages with beans and mushrooms on toast WITH A BEER for dinner	the monkey is having beer? how very modern of u	Ha he wishes - I've told him he can have a beer when he's got a job	others
5836	To the hater keep putting nails on my tire 1 v 1 on basketball	dude is this still happening? what kind of asshole does that?!?!	It’s crazy	others
5837	Don’t wanna play now? Bet keep that same energy when im 98	ngl I haven’t been on 2k for a bit but i’m starting to get back into it a little bit, we should run rec sometime	HMU I’m down to run whenever	others
5838	My dad at 33: married. 3 kids. Significant progress climbing the ranks in career industry.  Me at 33: wakes up with durag halfway off. Half eaten chicken tender on my nightstand. Unmarried. Childish and childless.	Childish and childless	It’s hard outchea lol	others
5839	......................There's ALOT going on on Facebook right now. Spent like 15 solid minutes catching up on everything and it's still alllllllllllllll OD	It is a MESS.	Stolen crest considering, I like to think everything was good and friendly for awhile..............and here goes this shit	others
5840	In world that banished magic, a Queen must now save her realm through the council of dragons, naiads and warlocks and in the process discovers herself, her passions, and her own secret bloodline of elemental and incubi descent.	Please tell us more about “incubi descent”	Her paternal heritage turns out to be from an incubus that slipped through a fissure between realms and sired her with an elemental mother thereby giving her half breed abilities from both very different worlds. Thanks for asking!	others
5841	If tae releases his christmas song it’s over for mariah carey	Okay but ever since tae mentioned his Christmas song with Jimin have we even heard from her? Coincidence? I think not	She’s scared wbk	others
5842	LOL. I have a new respect for Brentwood police officers.	Reading between the lines: “a hormonal mess. Gave her a ticket just so I could get away from her pregnancy tears”	Also, you can’t miss Sadie. She was clearly there and not happy about it.	others
5843	i’m not a part of film twitter but for me it’s Love, Rosie	I love Love, Rosie	it’s one of my favorite movies of all time	others
5844	Hi - we’re travelling at midday from Dover to Calais. With 45 mph winds predicted I was wondering how strong does the wind have to get before you decide not to travel?	Hello Adrian, has to be up to 75+ mph without interruption ^JB	Ok so we can travel down to Dover in confidence then that there shouldn’t be any cancellations ?	others
5845	This is especially true if they’ve been married 10 months or less	Lmaoooooo	when I tell you I JUST stopped laughing	others
5846	Omfg	i actually beat my dick to that dance ong	My balls were even sweating	others
5847	Cup of tea and an hour in the hot tub to end the day. Just need little lady to get back from scouts and we can settle down to watch The Jungle	admiration there using your hot tub in December	Funnily enough we are using it much more in the winter than the summer which is crazy x	others
5848	Bol's defense is definitely overrated, but 1) He's still got a DRtg almost 7 points lower than anyone else on that Oregon team 2) He's averaging 5 Stocks Per 40, which is good 3) He's scoring more and at a better clip than Ayton did 4) He's shooting 9/14 from NBA 3	i've seen STOCKS used a few times now in basketball context. Is it really just steals and blocks together? lol	yeah it's easier to track for college players	others
5849	Hazen*	Fuck. I was driving and it autocorrected	That's the worst. I do the Swype text and it FUCKS my sentences up	others
5850	why you so sunburnt buddy it’s winter :o	it’s actually a stupidly hot summer as in 37° IN THE FUCKING MORNING	FUUUCCK  although  he’s in winter he only just got to perth djckkckc  SURELY he’s not THAT SENSITIVE	others
5851	"Me: Please put ""3-4-3"" in this cell Excel: Ok cool, ""March 4 2003"" it is Me: No, it's just plain text Excel: Ok cool, I subtracted those numbers to get ""-4"" Me: That's not....ugh fine whatever"	Super irritating, especially when importing a CSV that contains, say, ward and district numbers that look like 1-4, 3-1, etc. As you no doubt know, a leading single-tick ' will force the numbers to be interpreted as text,	exactly what I was trying to do	others
5852	I just wrapped up my 7th grade unit focused on Native American lit. Here are a few projects my students turned in. My camera is broken, so please excuse the blurriness.	Excellent! I'd love to hear more about it!	While reading the books, students used Notice & Note strategies . They used these logs in their book group discussions. There were some powerful discussions about culture and atrocities that have happened.	others
5853	Dearest UNC Chancellor and Board of Trustees, I have designed a Silent Sam Memorial Museum that would save the University System that $5.3M you want to spend and might cost $800/year to operate.	Which one is whites only?	"The hole labeled ""Enter Head First"" is for the racists."	others
5854	Shout out to the MVPs of	This is so rad! Can I offer you MASS?	I graciously call for Mass, thank you!	others
5855	The New A-Class is ugly but that A35 is something I must say!	That thing is beautiful	It's too much mfana I mean performance pack looks better than your c43. And on paper it's very attractive. Everything is on point.	others
5856	I’m at the hairdressers and there’s an open tin of Quality Street. How many is too many, asking for me.	If you take the whole box, you’re not taking enough	They had a tin of Celebrations on the counter as well. I'm going to go back so often I'll be bald by Christmas	others
5857	Well I guess my invitation got lost in the mail Paaawwwwwwl.	dude, congrats on the appearance!	My God	others
5858	??	Check out slide 2 on thetheoristgateway FAQ for the solution we have for this:	Shouldn't it be capped at 90 minutes not at 48 hours?	others
5859	I’m a proud father  Fav/like comment what you like or what you don’t like about our “retro fear” T-shirt	Dats I like how yellow REN gets out over the background in particulary the purple skulls. Good looks on the REN	Thank you. Your feedback and energy has been received	others
5860	APPARENTLY YOU CAN’T TAUNT ONLINE LOL.	Not even taunts with hitboxes?	I need confirmation of that too. I hope so.	others
5861	I wouldn’t! I failed my one hour & the 3-hour test is the worst thing ever	:( Did you at least eat? Or did you go first thing in the morning and skip food altogether?	I ate a normal breakfast before my 1st one & I’m fully convinced that’s what made me fail so for my 3-hour test, I went first thing in the morning & just drank water before to hold me over	others
5862	everyone has more spotify minutes than me again this but it's like fine I dont really even care I mean I'm proud of how much music I listen to and it is a lot but like I dont really need to broadcast it to the world or w.e so	Someone sounds lil butt hurt.	look I said it before I'll say it again it really isnt even a big deal at all and yeah maybe I dont have quantity but I did listen really good to the songs that I did listen to my butt feels fine	others
5863	Nuhin worse than hearing birds rattle on about how sneaky boys are and all they do is cheat n that, birds are 100x worse and that’s a fact! As fly as a fart in the bath most eh them	Pahahaha a fart in the bath timeless classic	fuck all sneakier than a fart in the bath uppercuts left right n centre	others
5864	Bc they gay af! “yup, as you should!”	Gays fighting love it	I can’t say I love it, but babyyyy they be fightin their asses off. Case and point..	others
5865	Can’t wait to be an itty bitty titty queen !!!!	Stop tryna show yo nipple	I wasn’t lol	others
5866	Does anyone else become super lazy when it’s rainy like this or is just me who wants to stay home and wear pjs and watch movies	Same here, all I just wanna do is stay home and binge watch netflix	Same!! I just got home from work and I’m already in my pjs lmao	others
5867	If that don’t sum up how weird I am then I don’t know what does	Mystery jets definitely stands out there ahah	I’m just so diverse	others
5868	How do y'all cope with babies crying pointlessly?	We sing back to them and swing them gently.	It didn't work o	others
5869	Imagine trying to promote a fighting game for Switch on the same day Smash comes out	at least it's a good fighter. huehue	Yeah, Smash Ultimate is good	others
5870	Pretty sure literally everyone likes boobs.  Straight women: wow omg I wish I had yours! Like, omg they’re beautiful! I  Gay men: yasss flaunt the girls! Like, I can’t even look away from them Men who hate themselves for loving boobs so much: .....cover up.....	It's almost like straight men are sexually attracted to them and the other 2 categories aren't.	oh yeah that's a given but not all straight men are going to tell women to cover up, just the ones who are mad at themselves lol	others
5871	Got some Negan vibes going on!	Happy birthday!	Thank you, man!	others
5872	Mitch Starc, lazy. Wastes our time bowling pies. Pat Cummins, tired. Watching Starc bowls pies. Pulls an incredible piece of fielding out of his arse.	Bloody hell, we will have to start calling you	It was only 43 degrees out there Hughesy, can’t be that hard bowling 150 clicks all day...	others
5873	Having the most amazing week on as Cosette	Stunning!! Bet you’re loving it, such a star	Thank you gorgeous! I’m having sooo much fun hope you’re well beautiful xxxc	others
5874	Lol bro talking kinky	Lol just ignore it Broski	Lol say less	others
5875	i love, love, love you :’)	you’re adorable omg	omg i love you!	others
5876	A veritable masterclass in how not to ask for editing work	Lolololol	He couldn’t even get the thanks part right!?	others
5877	My whole twitter feed is  “KEELEY HAWES deserved a golden globe nomination” And I’m sat here like:	*casually sips tea, thinking... we have been saying this for a while now*	We have, we really have haven’t we	others
5878	Can’t wait for that New Years soup.	I'm so sadddd I'm not having any this year	sorry	others
5879	So	"did no one notice Colt Pepper say ""Chief Likes Boys?"" LMAO"	I would never do such a thing...	others
5880	Im coming as soon as I can or ur getting ur ass here	Yes bitch I'm on my way	pls u can come here whenever u want, we’re gonna spend the new years @ our cottage and it’d be lit w you	others
5881	I just decided to do my ab workout for the day instead of work on my history take-home final. If that doesn’t represent these last two weeks for me, then idk what does	Hmmm. Maybe working on finals could make it where a job after grad you could have home gym like no other.	Jokes on you, don’t need a home gym to do an abs workout	others
5882	o q fazer para o jantar?	Sopa	WRONG	others
5883	Who need the Season 7 Battle Pass?! I’ll be doing a giveaway on stream later tonight	Steve can I get a battle pass plz I need one	Stream will be live in 3 hours! Will do a season 7 Battle Pass giveaway within the first hour.	others
5884	imma kiss ya mwah	HOTTT	really? it's 18° where i live	others
5885	Outlaw it	The rule should just be Equal players on both sides of 2nd base as far as infielders go.	I’d keep them in a certain area so the SS or 2b can’t cheat and be right next to second base	others
5886	Winners of the mining simulator giveaway are  message me withing 24 hours to claim your prize	Hi, i cant message you...	I dont know....you are supposed to be able to messgae me	others
5887	Many friends warn me about FFXIV addiction. I know and that's why I avoid playing this game for years. (I hate my 'playing hard' habit when I so into a game.) but after met cool FFXIV fans/friends at Distant World, I think I now must try it.	ffxiv is so dangerous!! i've been addicted for 4 years. but.. the story and characters are very good.... i hope you enjoy it!	That's why I think it's still worth spending our time, sob! Every XIV fans I met said it dangerously addictive but also one of their BEST game!	others
5888	Hello. I have been reading your tweets. Now I must go.	They are not THAT bad! *comes running after you*	I have reconsidered, Piglet. Besides, I'm about to have a coffee, which might help.	others
5889	this town is so cute. i need fornite nubs to play with ;- ;	Hello	hi ed u trynna play?	others
5890	What a time to be alive	You must walk around with headphones clued on	If I could I would;)	others
5891	Has anyone been here (the curiosity room) to say if worth going?	even if it was worth going, it all seems to be fully booked	Oh hello neighbour :)	others
5892	EEMMMMM I’M GONNA PEE MY PANTS THIS IS SO GOOD	go use the bathroom	s top. jfbfbbdd BUT SERIOUSLY YOU’RE SUCH AN ANGEL	others
5893	FGGSJSHSVSKALANA??????? I WANNA MAKE THIISISSISSISISSSSSSSSSSSS	seems a bit bdsm ish but what ever	Im not sure what BDSM youre looking at lmao	others
5894	My one regret about highschool was not taking APUSH so I could brag about it constantly	"on the real I learned a lot and the people in it that wanted to be a ""cult"" ground my gears"	I wish I learned more in highschool, but does APUSH really teach you any more than you don't know?	others
5895	The sky is gloomy and rain is falling ... its echoing how i feel right now	It won’t rain all the time. I tell myself. It won’t	Yes it wont coz i have u.	others
5896	bottom lance stans hate taller lance bc they think height = being a top	I’m not like,,,a bottom Lance /Stan/ but there so something super appealing about the top getting fucked silly by their bottom every once and a while ¯\_(ツ)_/¯	I agree but on Twitter bottom lance Stan's make Lance look like allura	others
5897	i only get $300 this year to buy my family, myself, my girlfriend, and my two best friends’ gifts + stuff for .... God??? make it make sense.	u can get me nothing!!! fr im sooo deadass	stfu shawty u gettin lingerie to look sexy for me xx	others
5898	Im so in love with you!	Me too	I miss you	others
5899	I feel sorry for O2 users. They must’ve had to talk to actual people & stuff.	My friend at work said he saw a man reading a paper ?	A paper made of paper, like in olden times?	others
5900	X drops his album tonight too which means I’m bout to be in my feels	When aren’t you in your feels	I’m never	others
5901	ed sheeran came to my college today	WHAT TEXT ME	i sent you a sc cos i turned off imessage	others
5902	FB Jerome! Thank you Sir...	For Norway, LA4FPA (no lotw). I've never caught LA7XK on the air but he's on a lot apparently, at least on passes in Europe.... Hoping to work after their finals are over. Sweden has SM7WSJ. I've been trying for others with little luck so far.	Thanks much Marty..... Good to know this...	others
5903	hey lachlan, why are you so grumpy this morning? BECAUSE YOU CUNTS WONDER WHY MY SLEEP IS FUCKED AND DECIDE TO GIVE ME ONLY 4 HOURS	> lachlan	it's a good name tbh	others
5904	I had a kid hit on me today  What the fuck?	a fucking 12 year old hit on me, literally where the fuck are ur parents DKSHDJSKDGD	WHERE ARE THEIR PARENTS Mine was a hs senior lmao which is worse because they think they've got a shot??? And I've got to be like nooooooo	others
5905	Day 6: Today I'm thankful for Steenie (The Eye Company, Soho) who came in on his day off to help me rock my bald look, and then these awesome 3D-printed specs.  He makes me look good when I'm  Who are you thankful for?	Love your stylish specs! I did the same but went for red ones.	Those are fab-u-lous !!!	others
5906	When will City loose?	On Saturday	We can't even beat Wolves.	others
5907	يا بجاحتك يا اللي حسدني وكمان جي تقلدني علشان انا بحمد ربي دايماً ربي مزودني	بتدربى ع الميد	I am ready khalas	others
5908	i wanna listen to the 1975 coz their music seems cool but god damn they come off like such douchebags	Are you a Kanye fan ?	i liked a bit in the mid-2000's but then i stayed away from mainstream music for a while and have only recently started engaging in it again. haven't heard a lot of his new stuff but i loved the kids see ghosts album	others
5909	Am I trippin or does s sound like it start with an e?	So troll	I'm js hahaha	others
5910	Happy birthday	thanks lover	Welcome sweet pea.	others
5911	G'morning lovelies	Good morning hun and everyone!! Happy Thursday!! Almost Friday!!! Woo hoo!! Y’all have a blessed day!!	sorry hun...just saw thisthank you...was a good daybut I'm donehave a nice day hunly millions	others
5912	Thank you god that I got home safe I couldn’t see anything while driving	ASHAIVSIEB CUIDADO CHULA	Thanks mamas yes I was I was driving slow lmao	others
5913	I took a big step & went blonde again (something I said I would never do again) & turns out everyone is upset & wants the pink back!!	I loved the pink but I love the blonde too!	thank u	others
5914	cancela ferias, vamos voltar pro cefet	Pira não minha fia	cof cof	others
5915	Have a 35% off discount code for I saw it first anyone needs it hmu	How	I just got bought an Order and they give me it ! use away xx	others
5916	"Well, here we go: here's my ramblings on why I'm not a fan of the ""angry reviewer"" trope anymore."	You may be interested in the Nostalgia Nerd rather than AVGN so laid back and informative.	I've mentioned him on my list of recommended YouTubers at the end of the article. Been a fan of his for a couple of months now. :)	others
5917	Ok, so probably gonna get called a southern snowflake by my northern followers, but seriously, why in the holy heck do northern chippies batter a sodding burger?!	Cos why not!	Cause no. Just no. I ate it though... I feel so ill	others
5918	suga and jimin’s logs, rest in peace .	why on the first clip Yoongi looks a real hyung but on the next clips they looked like at the same age?	oh I think it’s because of the snapback haha	others
5919	Did you go any further with this Simon?	I have looked at it before. I didn't get any further without looking up Partitions on wikipedia and in various other places, but doing that all sorts of exciting vistas opened up!	I started with rods, switched to working with numbers and images for quite a while, but as soon as I moved back to rods, I saw something that wouldn't have been possible without them! (c.c.	others
5920	Got some Negan vibes going on!	Misread that as “vegan vibes”	Not a chance lol	others
5921	“there is one thing that binds us all - a spirit of exploration” -	How were we both at this event today and did not connect?!! Where were you sitting?	ha! I was on the left side of the auditorium, and had to leave to get some work done but following remotely. I now have 3 friends at various NatGeo properties... we should connect soon and swap travel stories!	others
5922	Finally I can rt your tweets	Lol just made myself public	Lol I see	others
5923	Having my mind blown by Clip Studio.	ITS ABOUT GOD DAMN TIME BUD!	I know, I avoided it for too long lol	others
5924	Uyl good luck	Thank you so much. She has been wanting a doll like this but they are so expensive	Oh I know best of luck	others
5925	Productive meeting with people with specific needs to feed into the new accident and emergency waiting area rebuild. Getting it right for patients	Did this include mental health service users ?	Representatives were invited but not in attendance. The final equality impact assessment will consider their needs.	others
5926	Azhar should have been the Test equal of Williamson, Smith and Root. Instead he's at par with Cheteshwar Pujara. Shafiq should have been this era's Laxman or Jayawardena if not better. Instead, at best, he'll end up with Damien Martynesque career of underachievement.	Considering our batting line up I think he’s done well so far. Underachiever is not the right word imo.	For Shafiq? C'mon yaar. Longest unbroken Test run in Pakistan history. Average of 39. Only 12 centuries.	others
5927	Professor late af to class im deadass boutta leave	No you’re not	U right	others
5928	When you’re having the time of your life	Cool!!! U did it!! U met also the other Soa guys??	Met Ryan, Charlie ( no pic) Kim, Tommy and Theo	others
5929	Mfs silly asl lol	onna gang	A damn shame fr	others
5930	بين قلبي وبين قلبك حَرب	حرب مدخن وشمسي؟	Ambeh!	others
5931	Yeah I stan S - suck T - toes A - all N - day	you really missed the opportunity to put Night there	I only suck toes when the sun is out so I can see her nail polish sparkle	others
5932	Too many cute newborn babies come in to work I’m broody	Maybe live a little first	Yes definitely plan to	others
5933	Here. Have my shitty miqo’te on twitter too. Rei is such a shit. Ask anyone. Can confirm. Art by:	#1 shit Keeping my seat warm as close #2	You stole my trash title :/ I had to move to shit...	others
5934	Mood	Oh no sending you hugs and good thoughts. Im a DM away if you need someone to talk with.	Aww thank you! That's so kind, I appreciate it a lot	others
5935	i really have my own person who i can fall more and more in love with everyday wow	I CRY I love u so much	I LOVE U FRICK	others
5936	1. Stream a song 2. Screenshot it 3. Tag 3 ZAYN fan	Zayn liked it !!!!!	I saw it!!!	others
5937	What a time to be alive	You spent 20% of this year listening to music your fucked	Next year I’m going for 40 x	others
5938	ok but I'm actually praying 5sos get a nomination for the Grammys. even a nomination is an honor. I'd cry tears of joy :(	when do we find out?	tomorrow I think	others
5939	I hate when I forget things	Wetin me wan kon talk	The shit be really annoying and I still can’t remember	others
5940	Ugh. TERMs have found me. You're not going to change my mind, because I'm not a flaming asshole, darrrrling.	TERM?	I MISTYPED. But I think you know who I mean.	others
5941	I made this way back at the beginning of the year. It's a reminder to both myself and others that struggle with their demons that the first person we need to look at with loving eyes is ourselves. Remember you're majestic. A legend waiting to happen and then make it happen.	This is awesome Bryan. You’re a wonderful person and everyone needs this reminder sometimes.	Thanks Zobie! I really appreciate that. First time i've made a video like that. Was fun :)	others
5942	Criminally Underrated	Yes!!! You damn right they are	You ever had em with mild sauce??	others
5943	just notified by peta that i should stop using “pigs” as a pejorative for police men, as well as to discontinue my rhetoric referring to a penis as a “hog”, such as in “post your hog coward”. thank you peta	we are talking about the hunger games peta right?	peta mellark hates when i call a penis a hog	others
5944	"I remember me and my sister use to sing ""Russian Roulette"" like our lives depend on it"	So just pull the trigger USED TO BE SOO EMOTIONAL FOR ME	THE EMOTION!!	others
5945	have been missed a lot by me	I have missed you too.	Now I'm back.	others
5946	Baby tell me what u drinkin n I got u	Say word?	Yeah not u tho bro	others
5947	I’m taking an Uber to school because it’s gonna be a no for me in that weather	Desran an Uber to go across the street?! What was it? 50cents?!	It was about $8. I had a group presentation and I could not afford to get to class looking as soaked as someone who just ran a 5k.	others
5948	I haven't been paying attention in this movie. The whole cinema just gasped. Fml. Now I need to watch the movie again	What movie?	Widows	others
5949	Mona snapped again, thank you	Smfh i never said anything but this is annoying	i swear this fandom creates drama over nothing	others
5950	Wife is insisting i go watch her middle schoolers sing in their concert tonight instead of watching the Flyers game. So, this year for Christmas, I’m getting her divorce papers.	So what are you doing? Going to watch the middle schoolers or watching the game??	Going to watch middle schoolers...	others
5951	SATURDAY @ 10am!!!!! How long have you waited for this?!!!!!!!! Kits are amazing, stock is so smart and accessories coming out our ears Hope to see you all there!!	will there be anything coming out via to share to the wider Rangers support on here, I know the club aren't allowed to promote it?	I hope so!	others
5952	Never bothered to watch friends	BUGGINNNNN	I could never get into it	others
5953	Well, at least we don’t have hear Sandro news linking him to Chelsea in January or summer window!!	I did read on Tuesday that we were looking at signing him! I thought to myself... here we go again. Just shows that the vast vast majority of reporters know as much as you or I regarding prospective transfer targets. Their source is probably Twitter.	Lol true. I’m sure we’ll be linked with at least 50 players by the end of January.	others
5954	Don’t tell me a HS basketball player is D1 when he struggles to dribble with his offhand and shoots less than 99% on open layups.	But what if their trainer (who he/she is paying), tells them they’re a d1 player!?!	speaking of future D1 players, is your son 6’9 yet?	others
5955	This is blunt weather, I don’t kno about y’all!!!!!	Nah I agree	//: it’s a must!!	others
5956	2018: el año en que descubrí cuanto amo hamilton	SEXY JAJAJAJA TEMON	I can be all I wanna be and sexy	others
5957	First person in my family to touch down in Africa. That’s fire!	big blessings	My dawwwg	others
5958	UPDATE: Trains are now starting to move in the	Why are empty trains blocking all the platforms at Dartford and you delays because of congestion. Get your act together ffs	I'm sorry the congestion has been caused by an earlier crewing issue and signalling problem ^RK	others
5959	I know I’ve bothered you 6.9 times on this already but would you play New Orleans over Chicago, Baltimore and Denver this week? Chi has LAR, Bal has KC and Denver on the road vs. SF.	It's between NO and DEN. I'd lean NO since they apply a lot of pressure and Winston makes a lot of mistakes when under pressure.	I streamed NO in week 1 to the tune of -8 in our scoring system so what could possibly go wrong	others
5960	at one point in the semester i shared my true teaching philosophy	what is this a picture of?	"a ""commonplace book"" which my students each made, collecting passages from texts (and quotes from class) throughout the semester, inspired by 's assignment"	others
5961	Let’s have it	You’re gunna lose again	Most likey, edge hill seem to beat us a silly sports like quidditch but we win the real sports x	others
5962	If Lucas is already getting no PT without Berry, why would he when he returns. I completely agree with you, but it ain’t happening	I didn't day it was I said it's the best duo	Without a doubt	others
5963	She looks like a mermaid	A hot one	Can a mermaid be on fire?? Coz she's smokin!	others
5964	What do I want for dinner tonight? Someone else to make it. Sounds good to me.	I’m doing meatloaf here	omg me too! Actually, lil cheddar meatloaves... the only kind I like.	others
5965	"A little dash of progressive wishcasting, and a giant heap of intentional partisan demoralizing of Republican voters to keep them bothering to go out and vote (""well, he's down ten, what does my vote matter..."")"	And we have a winner...	(See also: the AP calling the nom for HRC literally the night before a slate of key primary votes, thanks to unnamed superdelegates they uncovered)	others
5966	Keïta = levels below Pogba I won’t tell you again	Rare L	i’ve gotta piss him off bc he’s a freak :)	others
5967	Crying ugly tears in front of my 5yr olds headteacher is not one of my finest moments I must admit	Better than shitting yourself love...  I'm joking but sending love	true!	others
5968	I’d start with lyng	Julian Alsford	Could be here all night!	others
5969	hey terron why doesn't mtv play music videos anymore	Why doesn’t MTV pivot to videos anymore	Guess the videos weren't good enough! Better luck next time, gang!	others
5970	Is it peni or penises? I want to get my qualifications correct on this job application...	Penii. I only know this because someone bought me earrings that had chipmunk penii encased	That’s kind of awesome... unless you are the chipmunk	others
5971	ITS NOT LIVING IF ITS NOT WITH U	my jam atm	honestly such a bop	others
5972	The requirement is in the name.	look I’ll be honest, an an Eagle Scout I have an issue with this, Venture or Explorers are unisex, there’s Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts period	Exactly. If there were no girl scouts, I could see an issue. There is that option though.	others
5973	After this update i will keep claiming my daily free for a good period of time	se dubleaza daca ai gamdom in nume? =))	Yes i have in my name :^) idk i used to have 204 but now i have 816	others
5974	If you are proud of your accomplishments this year, I’m also proud of you. I don’t care if I’m popular. I’m proud of all my peers.	YOU KILLED 2018	Hehe thank you, I appreciate you	others
5975	The top artists sound about right, but Face Down as top song? I literally only listen to that song because Spotify keeps forcing me to after my playlists end	i got so excited that your top song was face down bc i love that song so much but then i read the caption	To clarify I'm actually really into the song now after hearing it so many times, I just can't remember ever intentionally listening to it	others
5976	I've got maybe 30 films worthy of the slot, and about 20 that I desperately want to put on it.	I haven't done any of the groundwork for my list yet and I am totally clueless what might end up on it	This is only very rough drafting of the list. No clue where I'll actually end up with any of these.	others
5977	Personality type yeah, not physical. I'm into really smart girls with strong personalities and big ambitions and shit like that. For some reason, they're always Christian too idk.	Light skinned too	I haven't been a colourist since matric please stop it	others
5978	Going back to KC for a bit I need to be home	Hit me when u touch down bro	already g	others
5979	We invite your comments, advice, and feedback as we begin to engage with you on the Chromium project! --Microsoft I don't believe you when you don't point to anywhere to actually send those comments after saying that, lol.	Why did they cancel edge anyway I actually liked it. Was I the only one?	Yes, I think you were. They're saying they want to create a browser monoculture rather than compete with Chrome. I think they're overlooking the real reason people dislike Edge, which is the spartan UI missing basic features even IE in Win95 had, not the engine.	others
5980	One time i filled a tampon with vodka and went to the grocery store with my mom. By the time we got a cart i had to sit in it cuz i was plastered.	That is dangerous you know, you can die that way.	lmao yeah i know that now	others
5981	I ordered me 2 MCM purses but it was 2 for the price of 1 on nordstroms rack I had to man	ok we see who gettin money let me hold sum	lol I use to pray for times like this to shine like this I been lookin bummy my whole 9 months prego saving up my coins Just for this moment dtfl	others
5982	i miss my bff already IDK how i’m going to get through these 5 days w/o that bitch damn	I MISS YOU chamaca	MISS U CHAMACA have fun munchkin	others
5983	I just wanna do my skincare routine so I can go to sleep. Is that too much to ask for???	Me waking up in the middle of the night after falling asleep with makeup on	lol I’m gonna start texting you a reminder. WE’RE ALL ABOUT SKINCARE IN THIS SEASON	others
5984	Master P & Dave East	Tity Boy and Cam too	I was gonna say Quavo too but Master P got his own jersey on and Dave East played b-ball before his rap career	others
5985	let’s okay imessage games — yes let’s okay imessage games, drop your imessage unless you‘re anele then play back	it was anele ok	i should’ve figured that out there was a typo that could’ve been only you	others
5986	GRACE MADE A THREAD ANOUT ME I- HEHEHSBDBAKAKSK	i'm TIRED of waiting. ur going down now	gowonsnintendo lives on you can’t take me down	others
5987	WATCH ME TURN INTO A FUCKEN MAMAMOO STAN OVER THE WEEKEND WHILE IM AWAY BYEEE	Join the cult dude	i know i will let me just: RESEARCH EVEN MORE HSHDHAHD	others
5988	Before you get all warm and fuzzy about this let tell you that this is probably a deer farm. They raise genetically engineered deer to get the biggest antlers they can. And either sell their semen. Or they are sold off to a private reserve or “hunting” show	There is a farm I know of in Middlefield that does this.	There’s all kinds of them. Big money stuff. And don’t forget about high fences canned hunting	others
5989	which game would you play in a tournament	i could make a run in fighterz	I’m working on something stay tuned	others
5990	whenever i think of lucy i just see janoskians	this is sickening.	bestfriends you are my fucking bestfriend, honestly tgis is the best nighteverndenjzx ziklw literally rbe fucjunf SONG	others
5991	MAY HAVE JUST ORDERED SOMETHING ICONIC	been there done that sis...	hey sis i’m a gay man hop off	others
5992	Saturday 8th is Yorkshire Dales Brewery beer tasting in Leyburn	What time is it on?	11 til 4 apparently, not sure brewer will be there ???? Depends	others
5993	Well, stream was shit. I had fun, but only a few people tuned in. Bummer.	Sorry I couldn't make it	Not an issue man. U busy tomorrow?	others
5994	Make the bad vibes go away pls	You are wonderful person! You always care about others , and I consider you a very good friend. I love you a lot and I know you deserve a lot of love and happiness cause u are super sweet and kind	ily2 ruru, tysm!! You’re so sweet and generous, I’m glad to be your friend	others
5995	Hypnosis can apparently help me sleep and even ameliorate nightmares, but now that I'm better rested I feel 10x more nihilistic	fuck me while the world burns	I plan to fuck you and fling gasoline	others
5996	Woohoo! Concussions! This is pretty bad, right?	Not the point, but lions live in grasslands and savannas, not the jungle.	He ran into a hungry polar bear in the arctic?	others
5997	Literally no one is surprised	Where’s the angry react	Get off of twitter old woman get back to Facebook with your angry reacts	others
5998	Way too big for me. -- (censored tumblr version here:	THE CENSOR VER IS HILLARIOUS XD... jesus I really hope this gets fixed asap XD... also, is never 5oo big, looks awesome on ye<3	It sure is funny!	others
5999	started inuyasha	Watched the whole ting a few years back. 10/10	sweet i’m very excited	others
6000	As a former resident of MD, Im appalled at the terrible way your office has dealt with my case. Giving me the run around never answering questions directly and just passing me on to any group instead of just dealing with the problem. A problem your team has caused!	Please send me an email at pfranchot@comp.state.md.us and I'll connect you with a member of my senior staff who can look into this matter. Very sorry to hear you're experiencing inconvenience!	Thank you, I’ll def reach out to you.	others
6001	I wanna go to Europe around Christmas, like I’d do it now, inkinga im scared of locking myself in the hotel room all day because of the cold.	Hotel rooms have heaters thou... I think it's a good getaway around Christmas away from this heat and busyness	I don’t wanna spend days in the hotel room. Nights only	others
6002	J'en veux sksksk	elle est trop jolie	Grave omg	others
6003	It's almost 2019 and people are still laughing at other people for using android phones. Smh.	Won get ara won	It's very stupid to me. As if its not to press phone	others
6004	of 2018	Impressive playlist, some absolute quality in Floyd, Dylan, Byrd’s etc then I seen Baddiel & Skinner and lost all respect	Hahah I blame for that one... too catchy	others
6005	I’m slightly frazzled. Why is there no chocolate???	This is an excellent question.	It is my eternal evening question! It’s only lucky that we don’t live near to a shop!	others
6006	u bitches cute or smth	who	tae’s toe sucker	others
6007	Hey....	Eyo how are u	I'm ok. How bout you?	others
6008	ROMA is literally playing for one night in theaters in my city and I have a prior engagement that night. ONE NIGHT IN ONE THEATER. This is a travesty.	Did you look at Landmark? Multiple showings on multiple dates, no?	Yeah they updated their showtimes yesterday. They only had one showtime for a few weeks.	others
6009	Delivered to Abeokuta, ogun state. Cake for a 6months old boy ...  Neatness Details Kindly retweet	This is lovely MA	Thanks ma’am	others
6010	Oh no	Bugger!	So young too	others
6011	A self-made millionaire who interviewed 100 other millionaires found there's one surprising habit they all have in common	Awesome article! Article says you retired at 28 though!	I have informed them of the mistake...	others
6012	there’s so much shit you can put up with before you give up and don’t care anymore	love u x x	love you 2 xxx	others
6013	How much of a chance does Mirai have to win the Golden Globe	I think Spiderman has the best chance... After the reviews and the buzz, I think it is the one to beat	Yea I've been seeing glowing reviews for it everywhere.	others
6014	what's a good tip amount for a tattoo touch up that took around 1.5 hours?	How much was the total	Touch up was free.	others
6015	Crying ugly tears in front of my 5yr olds headteacher is not one of my finest moments I must admit	We’ve all had them though, mine was in an office full of people but it was still totally humiliating!	It's horrible isn't it x	others
6016	Strips are cool	Stripes are cool as well.	OMG i didn’t realize	others
6017	Bruh that shit with Cardi and Offset got me shook	The side hoe wasn't even sorry	Oh she was, she made a video crying lol	others
6018	A NYE missed connection. A second chance. And a crazy 24 hours.  Lives of two lonely hearts cross paths in Philly. She’s got a family tradition to save. He’s all in to help.  Everything can change in a day. Cinderella/Bridesmaids meets TheHangover.	Sounds good!	Thanks E.J.	others
6019	He's black	He's coloured.if he was in U.S then we would say he's Black.	Don't be trapped in the system.	others
6020	all learners:  past / present / future / just curious / happy / jaded / tidy / matrix-y / whatever your flavor! The education team wants to from you!  an anonymized dataset will be packaged up to explore	Is there a non-google docs form for people who can’t access google docs on their computer?	I'm afraid not	others
6021	He might not win there, but Taylor would have like 30 dongs at GABP with Votto hitting behind him.	Package for Gennett we fix our 2B situation real quick	I don't think the FO would move Taylor for Gennett. They had nearly identical WAR last season and Taylor has more control/versatility. If it was Taylor + for Iglesias and Gennett, I could see that.	others
6022	who even uses spotify. youre all disgusting	good way to be able to listen to music if u can’t afford buying albums or if u want to listen when traveling	just put them on a usb drive	others
6023	If anyone thinks I've missed RT their PitMad pitch today, feel free to comment below. Def want to support my fellow authors. Also comment here if you just want me to Follow you back. I love our writing community!	Not sure if you caught mine, but I'm more than happy to bug you about it.	Alternatively, feel free to DM me the link	others
6024	HIIIII IM HEREEEEEEEEEEE	I JUST FINISHED BROKENBUTBEAUTIFUL I CANT BELIEVE IT ENDED LIKE THAT	OMGGGGGGG WASN'T IT BEAUTIFUL!!!?? I seriously loved this series	others
6025	My heart in human form	She is so cute	Thank you	others
6026	i’m so ugly and i suck at wverything	no ur not ily	i really am but ilym	others
6027	My phone is on 18% and I have 2.5 hours of work left sos	I have a charger at work...	I realized that when I came out of the bathroom but I couldn’t get it out of your computer so I used Brigit’s	others
6028	The Walking Dead...	The is pretty damn arrogant to think that they can put any matchup on TV, and expect fans to watch it.  This is a sh*t show! I'd rather watch grass grow, and I'm an avid NFL football fan.	They schedule games for TV a year in advance. Both teams made the playoffs last year. The game isn't interesting NOW. There are a million things to not like about the NFL. This ain't it, chief.	others
6029	November 30, 1969. Do you think about that day?  My parents should have sued your ass. *Don’t worry I’m just venting.	Holler at me if you need to.	Destroyed a family, but I bet he lived his life just fine. Ok, I need to stop.	others
6030	Desperate times call for desperate measures...	Yes pewdiepie is now desperate	We’re still a couple hundred thousand ahead but it’s closer than I’d like it to be	others
6031	Blessed to receive my 1st offer from Georgetown College!	Yessir brudda	Thank you Brodie	others
6032	DJ moore Ceiling is crazy if he ever masters route running	I've been dying at these twitter GM's point out his minor flaws because they can't admit they were wrong about him. Dude's game has a little bit of Smitty in it.	it does, im excited to see what he becomes.... but idk if our wr coaches have ever made anyone better ya know? lol but then again we never have had any good younf g Wr	others
6033	Welp, My copy of Ult doesn’t come in until tomorrow... I’ll just get it digital, I’ll buy it twice idgaf I’m not going another day w/o Ult LOL	Cancel your order??	It’s through a local game shop	others
6034	Well I’m going to Help (Watch) My Mom clean out her Baking cupboard... Then she can get started on making Me some Cookies!!! Mmmm!! Peanut Butter for ME Please!!!	Hope you get some handsome	Oh I will, don’t gotta worry about that!! Hehehe! My Mom is Wrapped around my little Fingers!!	others
6035	I’m gonna end up leaving too early, but I’ve gotta get from 관악구 to 일산동구 (which I’ve never been too) and then find where I’m going too. S T R E S S E D	You'll be fine! Good luck!	감사합니다! I’m still learning my way around so I’m just a bit unsure, better to be safe than sorry	others
6036	My best artworks are zine pieces I can't post yet so the end of the year feels like a big downgrade ngnfgn	hjksdl; I love it all but ReiKao mermaid AU is so amazing Im crying..!! And water looks so beautiful there....	thank you kirst aaaa ;_;!! I love this AU so much as clichéd as it is...	others
6037	do we REALLY need stem majors? let's talk.	Real	how many damn times do I need to say that you, JESSIE, are THE LIE	others
6038	SAKURA IS ONE OF THE PICKABLE SMASH ICONS YAY	Cool. Idk who that is, but... cool	Shes a SF char	others
6039	U know ur selfie fire when a gay man likes it	:)	Love you Dave. Us n the lads need a night out at a gay bar	others
6040	can dan wear something like this lmao	AN ABSOLUTE LEGEND	man fuck u smiling hurts my cheeks	others
6041	twitter loves maryam	Pft who doesn't :,)	i wish i was this confident	others
6042	Jaw dropping great	Wow that’s some value!	It’s been flying out the doors	others
6043	i get so sad when it’s time to get ready for work	Go get that money	you know i am & that’s period	others
6044	i just suck & i’ll stop opening my mouth literally ever. i’ll just be here to agree w people & say nice things because anything else is wrong & uncalled for & im just a shitty person so there’s that :)	That’s that on that ?	that’s that!	others
6045	Gonna start a YouTube reviewing lean cuisines, or would that be a little too pathetic?	I’m already subscribed	Always nice to hear from a fan	others
6046	Heaven	Let me get some, ma!	Fight me for it	others
6047	No filter today ....no filtered mouth or pic....	Beautiful as always! Have you hit up season 7 yet?	Thanks not yet, on momma duties but I’ll play it tonight on stream	others
6048	How many secrets can you keep?	A looooot of them	are u sure?	others
6049	work flow chronicles. this office stuff really not that bad ..	Where you work ?	law firm	others
6050	this is exactly what every other left-leaning white guy in his 20s got	No its not	it's a joke tweet jonny boy. not serious. not factual. not real. it is satirical joke. it make fun of myself. joke tweet. not real tweet.	others
6051	Love working with a team that is so passionate about the development of maths in schools. They are also really good at Christmas surprises.Happy ChristMATHS Team	Is that a combination of knitting AND Christmas AND maths?!	Yes! What a combo!	others
6052	Si pasará tanto tiempo estudiando no me iría como me va.	No puedo creer que tu Top Artist sea Morat jajajaja	A veces comparto cuenta con mi hermana. Don't make it a thing	others
6053	From the job change and eating out every day I straight up put on 40 pounds and that’s wild. Call me chubby nick	don’t forget all of the beer you drink while alone in hotels every night	Wouldn’t have it any other way	others
6054	Such a wonderful drawing Elaine!	Thank you Karen, that is a lovely thing to say. I really did enjoy drawing this gorgeous Peregrine Falcon. Hope you have a great evening.	My pleasure Elaine! I hope your day is fabulous too!	others
6055	Told Humera I’ll be at hers for 1:45 but from the way I just sat down with a cup of tea wellll	I was sat on Abby’s bed at 1:47 like	This was literally me at 2 when I decided to leave the house	others
6056	Ben Affleck	Lmao i feel like so many ppl hate him	I just always feel like they choose the wrong actor whenever I see him! Him as Batman? Trash. Gone Girl? Trash. His best contribution to film is writing Good Will Hunting.	others
6057	So I paid full price for my preorder, and now people who didn't preorder can get it for 50% off? Thanks?..	I didn't get BFV, but I'd be upset if I paid full price for it to go half off very soon after.	I'm not even playing it now. I'm so disappointed in the planes that I just don't even care to play it. I'm having more fun in BF1 anyways. So many new players	others
6058	Is Kevin Durant on your list of the NBA’s 10 greatest ever?	It’s offensive to even ask this	I agree:)	others
6059	I’d like two things to happen. 1. Tell me one short thing about yourself. 2. Retweet this tweet. Do both and I’ll DM you 1 sexy photo. Happening for a limited time	I'm new here. It's different	I’m new here as well.	others
6060	Leaving S1 Read:	All the best in your future ventures!	Thanks!	others
6061	Hahahahahaha! The cringe has arrived!	What rewind has a high dislike number? Gee who could have ever seen this coming? Everyone? I'm being told everyone.	Will Smith does the opening. I saw Trevor Noah and John Oliver do Fortnight dances. They're phasing out the Youtubers in the Youtube Rewind.	others
6062	Person asks opinion writer to not have opinion	To be fair I’m not sure anyone actually asked her for her opinion.	Ah so the Washington Post didn’t ask her for her opinion and don’t pay her for it?	others
6063	Sign fekir	Is that a new save	Deleted the other one, sold Sturridge to spurs he scored in the last minute to draw, a win would have took me 2 points behind city, I couldn’t cope mate	others
6064	my favorite girl	Your baby so pretty I’m just scrolling thru all yo pics lmao and thats a cute ass name!!	Awwwww thank you soooo much	others
6065	Wow. ‘You’re buying’	Oh dear God. Why doesn’t he just go bust?	A colossal ego coupled with no shame is an explosive combination	others
6066	I'm about to go broke.	.Hey there! I don't oversee the Guardian processes. If you have questions about anything Guardian related, please message on the RT site.	Oh I'm so sorry! I dont know why I thought it was you	others
6067	DAwn Of tHe FInAL DaY	I have to work tomorrow :(	Me too but I work with a bunch of gamers so lunch is going to be a BLOODBATH	others
6068	Oh my, in less than 24 hours my weekend went from being pretty vanilla to swinging (pun totally intended) into the theater tomorrow for an early screening	I see Creed 2 on Saturday and I couldn't be more excited! You and are the movie masters!	Why Brian you’re too kindand that’s awesome, enjoy my friend and get ready to feel every punch that guy throws!	others
6069	It’s 20 days till Christmas what books are you reading to get into the festive spirit?	I’ve just starting reading The Toymakers by Robert Dinsdale	Nice are you enjoying it so far?	others
6070	Well I answered my own question	You can send questions to yourself if you're not logged in.	Williams figured that out	others
6071	Solace II is mainly about how money doesn’t buy happiness and also that things get better.	When is it dropping?	Working on the 5th song atm. It’ll probably be 7 like the last one. Or maybe 9 idk	others
6072	Nacht 4 van 4.	Werkze! Je bent er bijna, sterkte	Thnx!	others
6073	Join next week Dec. 13th EST> on the Future Trends Forum, host the awesome Bryan Alexander	Is it University Adventures at ?	I changed the tweet to University Ventures! Thanks for catching this!	others
6074	Morning folks - my turn for the lurgy duvet day is looking good. Hope you have a good one and dont come too closexx	Get well soon	Aww thanks a million lovely xx	others
6075	I used to feel terrible that I was big, i got into wrong relationships and those guys kept making me feel bad the intimidation was terrible.. But when I look at my self in the mirror today, have got every reason to be proud,have got beauty and brain, I am bold,big & beautiful	You're God created and He create you the He want and suit yourself ,never compromise the beauty and gift of God endow in you be bold,big and beautiful dear. Keep it up I love that	Thank u	others
6076	hi i love him	omg this pic of u is everything i love it	t-thank u	others
6077	New banner for unOrdinary is this a hint that Sera is getting her powers back and that John is getting his grades back	No I think that is the book 'Unordinary'	TT and here I had hope for his grades	others
6078	I totally forgot to take photos, but the CHRISTMAS COMICS are now for sale at	Bully, did you still need that Wal-Mart DC X-Mas special?	I don't anymore, but thank you very much!	others
6079	The truly worrying thing is if (and putting your Brexit stance to one side) Leave is not now delivered, what will an emboldened establishment decide to ignore in the future?	What, like the 100s of 1000s who marched against the Iraq war ignore? You also deliberately choosing to ignore what looks clearly like criminality that delivered the farce that is Brexit in the first place?	Irrespective of what transpires from here, I sense a tipping point is close. The frustrations with our politicians side stepping their responsibilities has worn out.	others
6080	Me: What u want for Christmas? 9yo: I’ve written my letter to Santa already! Me: Cool! Where is it? 9yo: I burnt it! :) Me: What, why?? 9yo: Kids in school said it goes to Nth Pole quicker so I threw it in the fire! Me: *weakly - What did it say?? 9yo: Ah Santa knows! Me: Ok	Same happened to my SIL. Any older siblings who can help you out by having a chat with younger arsonist?	:D that’s my only hope!	others
6081	É assim tão raro haver gajos que gostam de kpop?	Yes, please stop.	Y tho?	others
6082	Lay a few bunts down and the shift might change. All that open ground.	The team defending wants them to settle for singles. Would you rather have Gallo hitting bombs or bunting for singles? If you want the shift to go away, teams need to sign and develop hitters who use the entire field.	I agree. But if they keep giving up singles all the time there, it could at least cause them to adjust slightly.	others
6083	It sucks that you can't unlock characters with amiibo	with how frequent unlocking characters seems to be it doesn't seem like it'll be much of an issue	Not a big deal, but a missed opportunity. I plan on unlocking in vs with figure players	others
6084	I’m gonna delete myself I’m so embarrassed-	don't beeee :<<<	but you had notifs on and I’m saying stupid things aaaaaa	others
6085	what time are these absolute smashing gents on stage?!? I have my antenatal class with my missus but I’m dipping out half way through pretending to go to the toilet so I can make it. Actually true.	wow what an amazing msg haha, hope you caught the show!	I did...you signed my penis in the toilets.	others
6086	God i see what your doing for others	w/ god anything is possible !	Yess & congratulations girl keep striving	others
6087	Her match against Sasha in NXT says hello though	A match from 2015? Figures	Some women don’t have memorable matches do at least she has two	others
6088	lowkey want a new @	omg i remember this un	one of my best @‘s !!!	others
6089	Guess I got to come back	Got toooo ima be so mad if you don’t period	I’ll be there. I’m bringing a lil baby hoop and ball period for either gender	others
6090	The best actor named Dave or David - SEMI FINAL -	Was David Warner in an early round?	No . Didn’t make the final 16 because he’s more of a TV actor	others
6091	AKSKSKS i love him	He’s a treasure and an underrated doctor people can fight me	that’s so damn true- he deserved a lot more appreciation	others
6092	do i have to censor the word 'fucking' in my essay if its a quote from a case study	if you’re a coward maybe	i just have the video COWARD I HATE YOU playing in my head now	others
6093	"My kid also on hearing this news: ""Do you think they'll have changed the GCSEs again by the time I'm in Year 11?"""	Year 11? Dude has started his GCSE’s in year 9!	I don't think the kid had quite thought it through	others
6094	If you won’t eat it, don’t feed it to your pet.	So fancy, I’m still on blue buffalo	For Taylor:  And for Calin and Max:  I am fancy, but less poop. ;)	others
6095	I see **** stans getting mad at *** I'm sure they would put money into promotion if he actually got on somebody's stage.	You can’t blame him... not everybody has a good stage presence. And you don’t know what’s really happening behind the scenes	"I see a bunch of his stans in the labels comments saying ""promote him"" if he won't peform or go on talk shows how can said label ""promote"" him. Dude hae stans but he's not on drake's level where he can release music and not promote physically."	others
6096	hi i love him	omg this pic of u is everything i love it	i love draco more than that pic but ok	others
6097	Wait what about let’s get this bacon?	"Is this a new daily thing tomorrow ""what about let's get these eggs"""	Actually tomorrow’s will be “wheezy outta here”	others
6098	When you look at me and the whole world fades I'll always remember us this way	I don't wanna be just a memory babyyy	Ohhhh So when i'm all choked up but i can't find the words  Every time we say goodbye baby it hurts	others
6099	What to do if somebody doesn't like you:	Which hole should i fuck?	the one where you never have to see them again	others
6100	Can't believe I have only justvfoubd out that snooker players have coaches, my mind is blown	Watched Williams against Maguire early hours mate and was gutted Mark let that lead slip.	I have only been paying semi attention to this one. I have missed snooker though forget how relaxing it is watching it	others
6101	I miss using this phone. If only it doesnt need to be thrown first before functioning properly	Did you change phone Kate? :(	I have two phones mei. But i mostly use my newer phone because it doesnt lag and the apps dont crash.	others
6102	I’m that CORNY girl that buys matching sweatsuits & onsie pajamas sorrry honey	Lol my girl got us the same pj’s for Christmas	Yaaaa damn right this mf going to be tight but it’s like sooo to be corny together lmfaooooo	others
6103	Oh so you’re crying CRYING	You could say I sang a whiskey lullaby	I respect that	others
6104	"THERE'S SONIC ADVENTURE SYMBOLS ALL OVER THE PLACE AND A SMALL MESSAGE NEAR THE HINT RING SAYING ""a tiny gift approaches"" WHAT DOES THIS MEAN!!!!!!"	SONIC ADVENTURE REMAKE	OR SONIC ADVENTURE 3.	others
6105	so I made 30 Seconds cards, but like, relating to my studies. so basically anatomical structures, medical conditions, clinical signs, hormones, bacteria, viruses etc. as it stands they're basically disorganised flash cards bc I'm quite sure nobody is willingly going play this.	I'm sure the 3 of us combined would be able to play this	after first year you should only be able to get like 10-15 of the ones i posted just now (without google/medscape). take it easy, the actual content of the degree only really starts next year.	others
6106	I’ve been angry all week at tweets I’ve seen diminishing Bill Snyder’s career, and then I realized that most of them were sent by people born after 1995. They don’t even know. Also, I’m old.	You're only like 2 years older than those people lol	Also, the difference between being, say, 7 or 9 years old in 1998 is significant, IMO	others
6107	.	"I love that ad! ""Noir Alley at night, Noir Alley in the morning: it's your choice."" *pours booze into coffee*"	I do, too. That's why I made the gif of it.	others
6108	It’s really disappointing to see a video on YT that employs BB not giving me or mod any credit. Like, I spent two and a half years of my life, constantly improving the tools you and me are using. I expect at least little thank you in return in form of credit.	Sorry, sometimes I forget to credit you. You can also remind me in pv if you wish if I ever forget. ;)	Thanks, means a lot to me!	others
6109	Thank you to the ones who cared for me. To my RA for buying me coffee and a sandwich, to a close friend who was bringing warm brownies to people in the library. To a friend for making me laugh and smile, to those who messaged me worried about me. Because of u, I still have hope.	Omg this is making me wanna cry	I was crying earlier lol haha	others
6110	maar	Defano’s haar heeft wel n rare glow up gehad	ahahhah ainooh u seeing this	others
6111	Just heard-and I may be behind in the news-that crossover event and I’m friggin stoked. Never thought I’d be so excited to see Malcolm Merlyn. His departure was so bittersweet but heroic.  Also, if I’m wrong then	Yep he's back for the crossover. And tell also be back later on in the season	Oh my joy is like forworks!	others
6112	It's a taaaad bit early, but EARLY MERRY CHRISTMAS!! Here's Eve and Lennon spending christmas/maplemas together \o/	Aah this looks so cute	Thank you so muchhh ;u;!	others
6113	What's going on? Went to the bank today to do withdrawal from pay point merchant sim and couldn't make it because you changed menu. Can you explain?	Y'ello, pleased to interact with you. Kindly confirm your phone number to enable us engage you. Thank you. *Sandra	My no 0246467782	others
6114	Why is getting a new license in Texas so friggin difficult??	gotta love the 4 hour lines....and that’s on a good day......	I haven’t even made it to that point lol I had a question about the documents I should bring, and I can’t talk to anyone about it It’s so dumb.	others
6115	when is ur shop coming back	We haven't announced a date yet, but stay tuned for more information to come! Checking out our new page is always a good idea if you're looking to get the deets on upcoming content: ~Yadon	omg yadon u are cancelled	others
6116	Lets have a Thursday, what do ya say	CJ... Ready to run thru a wall	How’d the meeting go? Did you pin them inside the 5?	others
6117	I'm gonna be a pedant by pointing out the accepted third definition to the pedants. Trying to be too clever by half only makes you half as clever!	true pedants only refer to the OED	Man those pedants really don't want to see what the Oxford dict says either	others
6118	BBC News - Facebook accused of striking 'secret deals over user data'	Is there a tool that helps you scrub your facebook? I'd love to keep my account but wipe all my data but some basics (a couple pics, name, etc)	Dunno. I’d be interested in doing something like that myself. Sadly even when you delete data from Facebook, Facebook just removes it from your UI. They don’t remove the data from their servers.	others
6119	Tweet to vote for	GO FUCKING STUDY	AGAIN WHY DONT I GET YOUR NOTIFICATIONS THAT U COMMENTED?????	others
6120	Hey! What time do you take the stage? Can't look up info while I'm at work lol	Right at the start & towards the end!	I HOPE I CAN CATCH YOU!! I have plans tonight so I'll probably miss much of the show.	others
6121	Everyone's year was different, but this is how 2018 sounded to me. Get yours.	Can’t say I’m surprised that Steps was your #1, Nic!	Ive hardly used spotify in a while cause of the upgrade thing and changed since its updated	others
6122	THAT GREEN SWEATER PLSSSSS HES SO PRECIOUSBDJWH	feel like pure shit just want her back	his hair looked so straight and silky.... i want the hair product he used	others
6123	That one photo with that one member in that one group	I have it as my lockscreen!! so pretty	I know right!!!	others
6124	Been rewatching over last month or so on Netflix.. Ted Mosby is such a jerk hah.	He's a dick. He spends most of the series pursuing somebody who made it clear time after time she isn't interested. Self sabotaged all of his relationships and fell for anybody that showed him any affection. When Barney & Robin married they should have cut ties with Ted.	..child uproot their life in NJ just cos ‘New York is cool!’ Lol. Such a shit show at times but so easy to watch (earlier seasons are anyway)	others
6125	The drivers work hard & have very few relief stands. Then illegally use them to park their own cars all day. Like this one who was using an expired	cops don't work hard right?	Apparently not hard enough when we're talking about those	others
6126	As we inch closer to 4:20 i had to start early... too much on my mind.... doc at 6:30 to talk about yesterdays ct scan	Hope everything’s okay bro keep me posted	So far just have to rule out some shit.... hoping the fucking ass clowns in GF didn't miss diagnose me back in the day..... hope toga can figure it out....	others
6127	The	General please help expose an Obama admin DoD report that eviscerates due process for Service Members accused of sexual misconduct. Here are links to my WDHN TV interview. Here is what was aired: Full Interview:	Sorry, I learned long ago to not get involved in cases I know nothing about.	others
6128	Okay Kevin	ALSSNKSND	I CANT BREATHEQBSKDBD	others
6129	I offered him a flower but he refused He is no basic flower eater	miss me w that shit	It was an expensive flower he's a spoiled brat	others
6130	Me: What u want for Christmas? 9yo: I’ve written my letter to Santa already! Me: Cool! Where is it? 9yo: I burnt it! :) Me: What, why?? 9yo: Kids in school said it goes to Nth Pole quicker so I threw it in the fire! Me: *weakly - What did it say?? 9yo: Ah Santa knows! Me: Ok	Check mate!!	I know!	others
6131	TrippierWayz fucked his sister apparently? this true?	Saw the tape	wait there's a vid?	others
6132	I have many Nayeon and Momo for Yes of Yes. I’d be willing to trade for Sana.	I’m so sorry that Sana’s already been traded for Momo :( I only have Mina and Jeongyeon with car pc left.	Oh okay I can trade Mina for Nayeon if you want	others
6133	LIFT YOURSELF UP ON YOUR FEET	128 hours. Mike you doing okay?	Oh I am doing just fine	others
6134	“Singles Going Steady” by Buzzcocks - as fine a “hits” collection as you could hear. Includes my reaction to hearing the news that Pete Shelley has left us. Too soon, too sad.	Great compliation this, Chris. :-(	Aye, to quote Errol Brown, everyone’s a winner.	others
6135	Space Lettuce, Como Te Llamas, and Christmas!	Will it be limited distribution or easy to find/get? Total Wince?	Kinda limited release, so it won’t be a total wince when you go out to find it. Total Wine should have it.	others
6136	Coworkers tried to tell me fried rice better than steamed rice	Okay, but like i kinda agree	Can't trust what you say. Laos isn't even a real country	others
6137	DEATH GRIPS AND MERSIV AT BUKU LETS GOOOOO	Fucking dog blood bro	I sent them before tho, never seen death grips hahah	others
6138	uhh nun	Lmao that a song my dawg	No no no I’m talking about uhh unn to some else	others
6139	dec 6th, my birthday	OH MY GOD HOW ARE U SO STUNNING?? I HAVE NO WORDS	SAYS U? PLTH I LOVE YOUU	others
6140	unoriginal but what waterparks song do i look like?	Take Her To The Moon	omg thank u	others
6141	'Ere! Some sick	For a moment there thought the first picture was Gears of War!	Never played it. Pretty sure I may have noticed some adverts on telly for it in shops, but those power suits are pretty darn good. The sets shown are not the best but are good mid-early quest-related sets. Unfortunately cannot re-colour them from yellow.	others
6142	I wanna start a hardcore band lol	I want a girlfriend so we all can’t have what we want	I’ll start a hardcore band the day you get a girlfriend chief	others
6143	D7 - my writing goal for 2019? Finish my current wip and polish it up to a standard worthy of being sent out. Sounds achievable right?	I sure hope so — that’s my goal too.	We can do it!	others
6144	if mx ever collabed w one ok rock wonho and i would Both lose our minds	im seeing them tomorrow ill ask taka if he knows monsta x	thanks tell him kihyun and wonho especially need a spot on a track.........	others
6145	I need some perspective what would you consider to be a good salary for a 23-25 year old?	In London, around £25,000-£30,000.	I didn’t consider region, but yes go with London. Yeah this is what I would vote for too. Im just curious.	others
6146	?	Yup	100% of 1 people agree!	others
6147	Good morning or evening my friends! I hope you have or have had a fantastic day.	Huh. This tweet isn't in my notifications. Had to scroll back to see the original tweet. Weird. Anyway, Hope y'all are good & having a fine day.	That is weird. Have a great day, evening now Caleb.	others
6148	Never trust a man who spells Chris with a K	Or Kroner with a C.	That’s a given	others
6149	I forgot about this It smells like cherry cough medicine??	*cough* morgenne	What do you expect from a Morgenne kin?	others
6150	How is studying for finals going? I just cried thinking about Sheetz food	You started studying for finals? Lol nerd	I have 5	others
6151	i wanna go ice skating but idk if my fingers can take being ran over again when i fall..	this is why i will never go ice skating again, it scared the heck out of me	i vowed to never go again	others
6152	Turns out riding a bus in Seattle is way less stressful than trying to drive.	But so much less entertaining that hearing me yell at people I almost run over.	This is VERY true. Also, I realized I didn’t recognize any of the city at all and I think maybe I mentally blocked the trauma lol.	others
6153	Kendal Briles now the “leading candidate”.	Is this a good thing?	I would consider Briles phenomenal. Also has baggage. Air raid offense which appears opposite of what is rumored that Pruitt wants.  He scores a lot of points.	others
6154	Steven sent me these pics of Sif yesterday and I cant get over how much her face looks like Izzy's at that age	Theyre like so similar D:	There's been a few pics of Freya that have looked like Izzy at a glance. I'll be shocked if they don't end up being big floofs like her	others
6155	The Attorney®	Mo, who?	Ignore me, I'm a colossal idiot.	others
6156	she's crying so much wtf she never cries	I'd recommend you don't say anything to her until she gets outside of her room.  I'm sorry for her :(	i'm waiting for her to stop talking with him and go give her a big ass hug	others
6157	I mean, if you inject rat poison directly into your vein, how are you going to walk away from that, alive?	Are you trying to kill people?	I’ll never actually answer that question. Just curious about the realism of an incident in Haunting of Hill House.	others
6158	i feel like i'm starting to understand the appeal of jihan as a ship	THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE	IT PERPLEXED ME AT FIRST BUT I MAY INDEED BE OPEN TO IT	others
6159	Still sore and it's a pain to weight bare on the leg but that money ain't going to make itself is it?	Do you work at a comic shop???	"Yes but more of ""collectible"" shop i.e. expensive toy store slash comic shop"	others
6160	Don’t you love it when you look as shit as you feelbin me off	u look like heaven x	I feel like I’ve been dug up from hell but thank u love u x	others
6161	Walking out of  like a proper boss	Do you know the rough time of day they start whipping the yellow ones out or something ?	It's taken me years to work that one out!	others
6162	! both of you are great	Haha thanks! And thanks spreading him too , couldnt have gone viral with out u	both of you basically changed twitter for a whole month and I couldn't be more thankful for that! and no problem! uwu	others
6163	dude i was there say al7mdallah alf mra that one of ur classmates kant nfs jwch	I'm surly saying that but don't really know, thank you for being the one and only that days..	I love you fdaitch :'(	others
6164	This is rubbish... RIP	You sound like you are channeling your inner (before he mellowed after getting a dog)	The Dog has mellowed him?? Have you not read what he's been up to??	others
6165	"You believed: • Illuminati killed Michael Jackson. • "" I am not afraid"" was abt Eminem's escape frm Illuminati • Wrestling was real • Kane & Undertaker re brothers. • Dagrin did money ritual & knew he was gone die. • India 99- Nigeria 1 • MMM • Buhari Jubril From Sudan"	I still believe all	You need to see a pastor..	others
6166	Wow - This is amazing!	You’re welcome, thank you - I really enjoyed your talk - some lovely imagery to work with	Love that you got a cabbage on there	others
6167	Really excited by this appointment	You a saints fan mate?	Just a fan of how his RB Leipzig team played. Excited to see if he could do the same with Southampton and in the PL	others
6168	i wanna start modelling but idk if I should	I THOUGHT THIS SAID YODELLING OSKSKSJKS	OH SHIT I MEAN THAT TOO	others
6169	Just a few words that I would like to say to you all xxx	Good times indeed Kerry, here’s to 2019, hope to see you again	Yes I hope to see you again Rachael, York Castle Museum was such a good night! X	others
6170	Reporting payday loans type ads on IG as offensive. Probably should be selecting scam or spam.	IG keeps showing me ads for diabetes tests. Hey IG, I eat vegetables as well.	Such a trash fire these days.	others
6171	Am I the only person who has never stayed at an Air BnB? Something about them creep me out. I’ll stick to hotels. I also don’t travel much tho, so maybe I’m missing something	I tried it once and the lady was really nice and left me muffins. I think it's worth a try or two if you want a really specific area or just someplace to sleep with no dick session	Yea. Might try if for a girls trip or something. I think working in hotels has made me shy away from them.	others
6172	i just really want the james charles pallete in my life but... broke	Sell your souk its worth it	i don’t think i have a souk but i’m def gonna look into that now	others
6173	Me too	I deleted tinder/bumble because of it hahahaha	No way	others
6174	"MOM THOUGHT VENOM'S NAME WAS ""VERNON""?"	how eddie talks about his bf around his very catholic extended family during the holidays	THAT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA IF HIS MOM WASNT GONE & HE HADNT KILLED HIS ABUSIVE DAD WHEN HE GOT VENOM	others
6175	shes not wrong	looked at this and got scared the pictures would actually load	like I said you werent wrong	others
6176	Thoughts on season 7?	better than the giants thats for sure	Has to be for sure better than the Eagles then.	others
6177	Starting pitchers cashman failed to obtain in the last ten years: Max scherzer Gerrit cole Patrick corbin Justin verlander  Nathan eovaldi  Chris sale  If anyone has more,please let me know.	Well he HAD Eovaldi, so he didn’t fail to obtain him, TBH.	Don't be a wise ass..i ment now..idiot	others
6178	I’m seeing couples here hugging and kissing and I’m crying	mate I’m holding back the tears at winter wonderland	So beautiful man, I cried atleast 4 times	others
6179	my fur baby	Gorgeous	thanks boo	others
6180	Me everytime Spotify does something interesting for their listeners.	What’d they do?	Some end of year playlist and stats to see their 2018 on Spotify.	others
6181	was Cardi’s hair the same color as Baja Blast on purpose	As a hairdresser I wanna go with yes because given the opportunity I would have done the same.	same tbh, just made me wonder since there’s a Mountain Dew logo behind her	others
6182	currently craving olive garden chicken alfredo	Then go get some	w what car? oh ok	others
6183	Hmm Et si je continuais de relire bonne nuit Punpun :)))	Same	Please don't die	others
6184	i found this guy. florida is okay now.	florida sucks, dont lie	IM HAVING A PLEASANT TIME THE WEATHER IS FUCKING GREAT	others
6185	now i just need a soundcloud to post all my sadboi music to	how tf can you pull off anything!? you look so good	thank you sweet girl	others
6186	Accidentally cut my beard too short today	That’s the worst.	It did elongate my neck though	others
6187	Her acting was so horrible but gotta love her	don’t forget the “accent”  Oh darn the accent	I knew I wasn’t adding something, that accent	others
6188	Nobody should’ve EVER put me on to The Office. I finished yesterday and now I’m depressed.	You’re welcome	don’t try to take credit like that	others
6189	I'll never forget when I saw this dude unironically tweet a selfie flexing in a distorted car door reflection to make himself look big while wearing sleeveless gym shirt. I've never wanted to delete this app so badly in my life.	Excuse yourself sir	Do me a favor and put my head through that window so I forget I saw this	others
6190	What’s the move in the ville this weekend ?	limelight tomorrow	Ima hit you up sis.	others
6191	I've had this passed on to me a bunch today through different channels, and it's certainly interesting. An important note to tack on: From the point he was initially out in November 2012 until he was out of the league in '15, Fields took just 19 total 3's in 102 games. Made 4.	The scariest part of this is that while yeah, it makes it more palatable to see a similar struggle, Fields' career never recovered.	Right. Understanding the issue would obviously be helpful. Whether it's helpful to a meaningful degree is a much bigger question	others
6192	I simply cannot get over the fact that one of classmates from high school is married - as in, she's someone's wife.  Ya no caucasian operate differently hey.	Uwoah which one is this?	dude it's Ashleigh Schloesser	others
6193	Where does Andy Young rank on the updated top 30? Check it out at	You moved jazz up a spot.	When you go to the page where all the lists are you’ll see a date when they were last updated	others
6194	ORAH INTENSIFIES	YOOOOOOO	Shit would look better if I was buffer	others
6195	The autotune	Just the autotune? Omg	So much going on. Absolute garbage	others
6196	Never mess with me!	⠀❝ hehehe. don’t mess with ya ? well we’ll see ‘bout that ! i won’t if yer not a jerk ! ❞	I don't know what the hell you're on about, so you can fuck off for all I care. I have better things to do than talking to extras who think they're better than me.	others
6197	Buku brought the heat, but definitely not the best festival lineup ever lol	They rave about the lineup every year like it’s the best when there’s always better	too true. it’s a good lineup but there are a lot of festivals that are way better than buku every year	others
6198	For Christmas can a motorcycle magically appear in front of me	Can my hand magically smack you	I’m dying	others
6199	I spoke to my	That’s an amazing outcome! So happy for you!!	Thank you Jo. These little things are things I want to hold on to xx	others
6200	Ok soooo I’m getting mixed reviews on this ?	The matys all natural chest rub is amazing but this is a no no . Its not good for babies, the menthol is too strong	The baby rub doesn’t have menthol. The original Vick’s does	others
6201	fucking took your time	I’ve been busy.	No good enough excuse	others
6202	So I got an oil change that supposably last 10000 miles	Nope, I never go more than 5,000, unless it’s a brand new car	I've been doing 6000 so far. But I went to a higher-end lubrication place besides Walmart this time.. They said it will definitely do 8 thousand but can go 10gs	others
6203	It is official, I will be back on the pitch with	Awesome news, congratulations!	Thanks Kevin, all those 6am practices at Notting Park are paying off! Remember that time we went to the Manchester United Soccer Schools and you bought a Manchester City jersey. . .	others
6204	nea... not next to.. mitchel? what is going on	Why would I ever wanna go near him	i’m sorry what did you just say?	others
6205	What a beautiful thing	How nice is it to have a player who can score 40+ and still shoot over 50% fg ?	Love it!	others
6206	Anyone that flew out to if you brought a suitcase on your flight, did you put your astros in there and were they fine?? Not talking about a carry on. They have different regulations	I carried my headset on, not Astros though. I didn't want to risk it.	Yeah I just read up on it online and they say its not worth the risk of putting it in your suitcase. Looks like I'm carrying it on me.	others
6207	If Juventus get serious about wanting a Pogba return, then there really is enough young talent out there that we could bring in to help replace him. Problem is, our board probably don’t know who they are. Selling him would turn out to be a very bad decision bc of this	Idk if any of the have pogbas potential tbf	Yea not as individuals, but if we could bring in players like Havertz/maddison, Aouar/Ndombele etc I think we’d be alright	others
6208	hhhh ive been really happy this week but today im just in a kind of stressed and angry ish mood idk im just focusing on and how much i wanna meet her and its making me SAD ksksksks	we WILL meet	its just like...UGH gettin me down because my mom keeps bugging about when we'll meet and im just thinking like...prolly in 3 years or somethin crazy	others
6209	"Yes ""The Hate U Give"" came to mind first. And a few people from""If Beale Street Could Talk"" needed nods, definitely the director Barry Jenkins."	Widows was robbed. Viola Davis gave the performance of the year. Very glad to see BlacKkKlansman getting the recognition.	"I haven't seen ""Widows"" yet but I expect that Viola and Daniel delivered"	others
6210	Random Thought: are we just going to glance over the fact threat Terrance J car was totally wrecked and his woman wasn’t driving. No update? No apology? Are him and oh girl still a couple? I liked them.	K so i think they broke up! We’re really the same person I wanna know these things too. I don’t forget ish easily	Girl! The weirdest random things I be thinking while breastfeeding. Lol	others
6211	Hi everyone in case you didn’t know what “White privilege” is this is a perfect example.	Where did you find that!	This man wrote this to me. Accusing me of racism when I referred to MYSELF as a woman of colour	others
6212	wait so do i have to go to a store at like midnight if i want to get a physical copy of smash asap? that might be a dumb question, but idk ive never been apart of new game hype like this before	preorder it	aight that's probably what I'll do then	others
6213	lololol	Does he have enough @‘s ?	Negative	others
6214	Suzy’s school sweetheart died in a car crash at 16.  For years, she would ring his phone. answered, of course. Eventually, the number fell out of use. The night before her wedding she rang one last time. It rang. He answered. “You’re not leaving me, are you?”	That is really good!	Thank you Marcy! That’s very kind of you.	others
6215	Any bomb recommendations on concealer and setting powders for the under eye that don’t crease?	The too faced born this way concealer is bomb, I haven’t found a good setting powder to go on top that doesn’t crease yet though it’s super creamy and has full coverage on my lazy days I use it by itself and it looks good	Thanks girl I haven’t tried that one out yet definitely going too!	others
6216	Side part with curls	That’s the moveee thank you	welcome!	others
6217	Okay Twitter: I have to get my boss a gift for $5 that starts with the letter ‘A’.  I NEED IDEAS.  PS my boss is a guy. HALP	Axe body spray	Lmao one of the first things I thought of. He’s 65	others
6218	Let me present to you: my brother	there’s 40 year old swifties and some whom are mothers. my mom is 62 and loves taylor!! we even saw her together for rep tour. that’s some bs. you don’t outgrow someone who you love and listen to.	Exactly!	others
6219	GEMINI	hey that’s me bitch	Your lowkey a Taurus shhhh	others
6220	This page layout was our last MGCC Transpo meeting and is pretty much the most St Paul thing ever.	I'm mulling over writing a letter.	You already forgot that your opinion doesn't matter? Peasants and their horrible memory.	others
6221	Not posting my Spotify screenshot because I do not have that garbage app installed on my phone and have never used it. iHeartRadio is better.	Spotify > iHeartRadio app	I am going to leave my reply to this comment off of this social media platform, Amanda Brooke.	others
6222	I have a nice shape idk why I’m so body conscious	U need to chill on dat	I can’t help it I see so many other beautiful women that I couldn’t even compare to	others
6223	Everyone please say a prayer for my nana. She has stage 4 non-small lung cancer that has metastasized to the brain and is not doing well. We need a miracle and I know my God can do it!	Praying hard	Thank you, love	others
6224	omfg it’s 1am bye y’all i seriously need to start my hw rn	what time did you end up going to sleep	i haven’t slept i’m in 5th period rn and i can taste death	others
6225	The worst thing about Christmas is carol singers who call to your house. It's so uncomfortably awkward standing there while they try sing a few bars and expect money. Get a job.	stingey n scrugey. not impressed	give me the negativity. I feast on it.	others
6226	I wonder how many people have blown up their microwave by not taking the tin foil off a mince pie!	I pretend I am a bomb disposal expert working for the cia.. I stop the microwave a second before it dings :-)	Haha! I’m so trying that!	others
6227	I was trying to take a selfie but the feds pulled up next to me	I love you	I do it for you Emanne!!!	others
6228	FORTNITE	I always miss the start of a new season. Season 7 looks amazing.	Itss soo fun	others
6229	Can somebody get their weird ass son out my messages	easter lmao	lol like leave me tf alone. I haven’t talked to you in over 2 years & now you wanna harass me	others
6230	All gone! And I love the freedom. Where there's a will, there's a way!	Pakka? Mein bhi kru phir?	Do what I did and then see the magic. But do remember in the beginning it is frustrating. Many times a person thinks - ''oh God! I do not want to try - my life is okay with these glasses''. दिल, दिमाग & मेहनत से सफलता ज़रूर मिलेगी	others
6231	everyone keeps saying he’s ugly i refuse to accept this slander literally MOVE	didn’t u call him ugly like 3 weeks ago or am i on crack	a lot has happened in these three weeks	others
6232	y’all get food?	Lol where?!	Observation gallery until 5	others
6233	Y'all all crazy...lol if we gonna deal with a crazy female, we don't need her locally crazy to come piss inside my car or show up at my job stay yo crazy ass 20+ miles way	Distance won’t stop crazy	Look at this crazy sh*t here that's a crazy @$$ response	others
6234	The fact that diaspora kids think that this tweet makes any sense..................... anyways anybody want some rakija	It does make sense and it’s also a joke.	It doesnt. Western degrees have much more value than degrees from the Balkan states, so if you have on you’ll EASILY get a job. Moreover, you don’t even really need a degree to get a job here, so if you DO have one you already gave much more chance.	others
6235	Starting pitchers cashman failed to obtain in the last ten years: Max scherzer Gerrit cole Patrick corbin Justin verlander  Nathan eovaldi  Chris sale  If anyone has more,please let me know.	Well he HAD Eovaldi, so he didn’t fail to obtain him, TBH.	Yankees just offered eovaldi 3 yrs	others
6236	AVENGERS 4 TRAILER TOMORROW	MY BALD HEAD IS IN CRISIS	I AM NOT OKAY	others
6237	can anyone make me a twitter bot so every time someone says bo3 i respond	I think I had something like this at one point, let me see if I can find it	thank u	others
6238	If I had R1 for every L I took this week , I would be having supper with Bill Gates by now	It's Jeff Bezos now	God damn I never take THAAAT many L’s	others
6239	Where is 5	Zariiiiiii lol	Yooooo I’m on this shit what up	others
6240	When Posty was 23% of my total minutes hahaha	Relatable	I see that Billie Eilish too	others
6241	Context clues are a pretty powerful part of speech, that you shouldn't miss out on...	should there be a comma there? am i dumb? help?????????	No. I had a different sentence, then I changed it, and forgot to delete.  ...but idc.	others
6242	pr getting worse each day and more fucking annoying	^ This guy never hit on Supreme US.	I hit 2 on Supreme EU while u were crying. I'm European so didn't try on US.	others
6243	One of the joys of sharing Spotify with an 8 year old is having Kidz Bop as your top artist smh	Don’t front Tanner you know you like the Bop	Shhh don’t let other know	others
6244	is there any chance I could get you to email me the Heaney 'Thinking Quilt' as I can't seem to access it on Google Docs? TIA	I just gave you access to it. Let me know if it doesn't work	Can't access it on my phone but will try tomorrow at school on PC! Thanks!	others
6245	Yıllar sonra birisine karşı bir şeyler hissetmeye başladım unutmuşuz böyle duyguları	Yiğeeenngeeeemmmm	What’s that	others
6246	A lot of shows that I really really love & some of me & my fam’s all time favs are usually about/created by Jewish and/or black people...if that’s not proof we’re the long lost tribe out of Tanganyika...idk what does	Lmao!!! I’ve seen some mad connections but this is a LEAP	Sis! A hop skip jump AND A LEAP! Lolol	others
6247	"Moving update: I managed to locate a pair of pants to wear to work... had to wear the same socks as I wore yesterday. Super valuable wool bike socks from still MIA. I hide the socks in a my ""man's treasure chest"" to keep the wife and dogs from them. Treasure chest is ?"	I feel your pain. We moved last November (a little over a year ago) and I still haven't found everything.	Boxes everywhere... drawers from chests sitting on the floor... I have no idea where anything is...	others
6248	Anyone care to opine?	It’s built on an ancient burial ground?	The cycles are 17 seconds long. Your electricity out of your outlet is 60 cycles in 1 second. This is 1 cycle every 17 seconds. Precisely.	others
6249	Here goes nothing.	don't get hit	It's KH2, I should be fine honestly.	others
6250	LOL	LOL WTF	im on spotify 24/7	others
6251	that ultra badge is HOW MUC H	that brunch with barb and mariel..............i would kill	i’ll have nothing but regret if i don’t.......	others
6252	have you ever maybe y’know considered the fact that people genuinely cannot afford them?? regardless of what the price is?? x	But the 59p ones are scratchy and don’t absorb shit	maybe so but unfortunately that’s the only option many women have	others
6253	کوئی کھانسی کا کوئی سیرپ یا علاج بتا دے ۔امی کی کھانسی نہیں ختم ہو رہی	Syrup-INVENTIVE Nebulise with Ventolin if there is spasm	I did some home remedies .Allah kry ab aaram aa jaey	others
6254	Most coveted prize in the Hour of Code	can I get one	If you can code a digital dabbing cat, yes.	others
6255	A5 A7 Creating and Owning your narrative for Contemporary Learning and Contemporary Transformation is important and helping stdnts, parents and the whole community knowing your narrative is vital to its success	Do you know of any examples of schools that do this exceptionally well? Wondering what owning the narrative can look like in practice	Yes will provide more reality to this over the next few days with a link etc	others
6256	8+5= 13, carry over 1, 1+1+1=3... 33	I'm glad to know I do it the same way as somebody smart	lmao.. i love you	others
6257	Why does Vernon need to specify these things about the dogs and pony??	He's tired of one eyed donkeys and dogs with no tails I guess haha.	I’m a little worried about the animals that live on Vernon’s farm.	others
6258	Instead of gifts for staff this year, please could food donations be made for the local Food Bank. Collection points will be in school. The staff are also supporting this cause.We really appreciate gifts bought but feel this is a way we can support the less fortunate. Thank you	Is a box of food ok in a shoe box or something like that? Do I take it to reception?	That would be lovely, thank you. No need to pop it into a shoe box, just drop it off at Reception and we'll look after it from there.	others
6259	lol you petty	Isssss cousin	lol smh my petty cousin	others
6260	Decided to make a	thats great. I like it simple	"Thank you so much! I did too. I was toying with a few ideas but they all just got ""too busy"". It took me a little away from the real message or point of our"	others
6261	In Mexico traffic. Questions?	Have you listened to El Mal Querer by ? Thoughts?	It’s SO. GOOD.	others
6262	I can’t find a good lip balm to save my life	If you’re willing to splurge a little on a balm, first aid beauty has a “lip therapy” balm and it’s the only thing that has kept my lips from falling off this winter. Everything else I feel like makes it worse. It’s like $14	Ooo okay thanks I’ll check it out!	others
6263	TF IS WAYMENT	ITS WAIT A MINUTE BUT SHORTENED	ITS SO UGLY IT LOOKS LIKE PAVEMENT	others
6264	Why do random people always add me on snap and their names are like “Greg” or “Tyler” and message me “cute” like who tf are you people? I don’t know what kind of people just add random snapchats sorry I don’t wanna talk to some dingus that lives 500 miles away that I don’t know	"Greg was probably me.. did ""greg"" ask if he could smell your hair?"	No lol	others
6265	so that SOEMon thing you talked about in your interview, I want you to build that me: *actual gulp* /cc	What goes beyond soemon? Why not leapfrog and build that instead?	SOE did a pretty great job of normalizing operations across different games, I could look at games I didn't even work on but still provide insight because we'd standardized (this is less important to me now at smaller scale but was another huge value add)	others
6266	nah 2018 was long as hell but it also went by fast asab	asab??? Oh you reallllll Virginia now lol	STOP THISit’s not true	others
6267	my moms having a bday party for me on Friday (14th), you’re invited since you have no FB	Soo I have to run our booth at the SB school’s holiday craft fair that evening til 9, I don’t think I’ll make it	I kind of figured there’d be a lot going on that night cause it’s the same night as the tribes dinner	others
6268	No one is home so I think the broker pulled out my internet I'm gonna kill and I wanted to watch the game awards..	They won’t show TLOU2 so ur not missing out its ok	excuse you I'm here for dragon age	others
6269	ANY TRAVEL FOR BOURNEMOUTH Niceone	I’ll drive if you get me a ticket	We’ll call that plan B;)	others
6270	Tramstop	Great capture...	Awwww *blush*	others
6271	It was Jane Fonda eat your heart out for some Central AC	And southern AC	Not forgetting Northern and Southern.... just I think some particular show offs on camera	others
6272	Yo Tweeps!  It's My Birthday Today Say A Prayer For Me	Happy Birthday to us..	more life bro!	others
6273	i have so many memes n no one to send them 2, this is becoming a problem	You have sent a total of 1 meme to our group chat in the last 2 months, please send these others that you possess	maybe because u slate my memes and they’re not as funny as urs ?????????????	others
6274	Next year I’ll quit	Worth it	Long time trynna stop	others
6275	i don’t know what is going on on House of Cards at all	it's actually terrible until the last episode	like zero understanding of plot lines	others
6276	i like my girls like i like my honey sweet, a little selfish i like my women like i like money, green, a little jealous	CAUSE IM A BEAUTIFUL WRECK A COLORFUL MESS BUT IM FUNNNNYYYYYY OHHH IM A HEARBREAK VET WITH A STONE COLD NECK YEAH IM CHARMINGGGGG	ALL THE PRETTY GIRLS IN THE WORLD BUT IM IN THIS SPACE WITH YOU. COLORED OUT THE LINES I CAME TO FIND MY FIRE WAS FATE WITH YOUUUUUU	others
6277	From time to time I have to remind everyone how amazing crash into me is by Dave Matthews	It’s on my Spotify top songs of ‘18...	I mean you cant go wrong with that.	others
6278	If you got money and you want to invest in some brilliant beats hit sorrow up, one of the best upcoming producers rn	thank you so much<3  it means a lot for me<3	Iv seen what you've done with my friends I have to support, you and recent is some of the most beautiful music iv heard in awhile keep it up man you're gonna be very well known soon	others
6279	"I always use ""an"" before words that begin with an ""h."" It just feels more right."	"No it doesn't! If feels right based on whether the ""h"" is aspirated (truly acting like a consonant) or silent; ""a house"" vs. ""an hour"".  Doesn't that sound better?"	"Saying ""a house"" grates against my minds ears. The forced glottal stop is too much for me."	others
6280	She's going to remake a cherry???	Well she made a fucking mess, that’s for sure	I never really had much faith in it!!	others
6281	Should I buy the new Becky g x colourpop or save my money	It’s not that expensive but like Christmas presents	I’ll gift it to you if you gift it to me ?	others
6282	SGSL copies came in and THEY LOOK FABULOUS!!!!!!!! and officially endorsed by the president too!!!! wow!!!!	im so pumped for this!!!! (also oh my god i didnt know peepee was your cat!!!)	i am but a humble dad	others
6283	i cant. i cannot Humanly Express how in love i am with this style i just Cant	T H A N K Y O U im mf dead....	ITS AMAZINGGGGG i rlly adore it n i looked through ur moments n im like___ just from this alone i can tell u have an amazing grasp on everything n ur style is so unique and expressive i love it n i rlly hope i can learn from u !!!!!!! keep it up ur amazing !!!!	others
6284	I’m tryna flirt with the bartender but the guy across the bar keep blocking	Lol I could have told you that, wish I seen this tweet sooner!	It was obvious to everyone but me lol smh	others
6285	3 off 400, shoutouts boysss	Ok xx	xoxox	others
6286	Anyone ever watch “The Gifted” on Fox and think how of the cognitive dissonance the network must go through when they know which side is morally correct and which side they vilify?	I was thinking about that last night when Hulu showed me the Fox icon.	I literally think about it every time I’m watching it.	others
6287	In less than 24 hours stan twitter will be a whole mess. I’m so nervous.	And then the Avengers trailer drops imma be all in my phone at WORK WHEW	Lol mood sis	others
6288	The Crystal Swarm has consumed her nation. A sorceress, the last survivor, strikes a bargain with a dark deity. She can go back--again and again--to try to save her family and people; so long as she can endure.	What is this? Is this a new story of yours? Sounds fascinating.	"Pitmad is an event were agents and editors look at pitches from authors on Twitter and ask for the manuscript if they like it. They do ask that you not ""like"" the tweet unless you're an agent or editor (though I appreciate it). :D"	others
6289	Please keep helping me RT. This is my home,the home my mother died,the only safe place to me in this world and now it's destroyed.	What happened to u is sad,but the fact is after retirement, u er supposed to vacate d staff qtrs sha	Yes that's right,But this was a different case.we a privy to buy the house after living there for an amount of time that's why the case is currently in the court.This is just an act of vandalism to frustrate us out	others
6290	Onika is perfectly fine. I wish y’all would get a life sometimes.	How long you back	I’m leaving soon jsjsk my head hurts already. What. is. going. On.	others
6291	on ma la jamais dit comme sa.. pourriture sa fait mal sa	Actual words from my grandma	bet you walked out like this	others
6292	are we ok	First of all...... *drunk yelling voice*	i will never get over that	others
6293	Omg I’ve officially made it onto the top 100 most followed channels on This has been a goal of mine for months now. I can’t even believe it	One of my goals too!!! Sooooo close!	You got this!	others
6294	I was moved by George W. Bush's eulogizing of his father, George Herbert Walker Bush. Regardless of politic, I saw a son honoring his dad in a remarkable way.	A good son lives to never displease his father! I’m still aiming	Brother!	others
6295	Sitting watching some American boy review Tennents oan YouTube and al tell you wit, he talks some amount of shite	Please link this I want to hear it	Mate it’s unreal he’s sniffing the aroma like it’s a fine wine hahahaha	others
6296	Friends advocating for	So sorry. You have worked so hard. I understand.	Bless you Melinda.	others
6297	y’all see the what’s trending at number one	Its trends based on who you follow and your interests “trends for you” skskksksksksk	sis- i know	others
6298	Ugly bitch	Lol but he look just like you sooooo	Lmao I’m ugly I know it	others
6299	i wont watch the new bf episode cause like vero spoiled that sth happened to eiji and now im scared	we can watch it together if it helps u	Also kiril and doug slaps i love them and the guy who does voiceover and calls kiril a fucking idiot	others
6300	TOMORROW I GET TO PROVE TO U PEASANTS THAT THIS IS THE FINALE OF PINOF.	NO	U BETTER SHUT UP	others
6301	so disappointed that my niece has come back from your Santa Sleigh Day heartbroken. NO SNOW and despite daily phone calls the week before when you knew there would be no snow you still took her on a very poor quality experience. SHAME ON YOU	Hi there, I'm sorry to hear how you're feeling. Our customer relations team will look into this for you and can be contacted here - ^Shelley	i will pass this information on and hope that she receives a suitable response. At this time of the year no child should be unnecessarily disapponted.	others
6302	EUW we're aware of Server issues taking place at this time. Hold tight while we investigate this snowball of an issue and keep an eye on our Server Status Page for updates:	how long should it take ?	EUW should be back up again, but make sure to check out the server status page for the latest on what's going on! :) ~GK	others
6303	mocked up for client! if theres any design thing worth paying for its DEFINITELY envato elements	this looks sooooo good WE STAN	THANK U THE PERSON WHO MADE THESE MOCK-UP TEMPLATES GOT ME FUCKIN SHOOK	others
6304	Riley Culley has been rubbin off on me. I’m getting hit on constantly by elderly woman.	My dyslexia had me really confused on this one. I thought this old Lady was rubbing you off.	Not yet, anyway. ;)	others
6305	long live	Aero the Acrobat, I remember renting you from Blockbuster and immediately feeling shame.	I played croc obsessively but he was no spyro	others
6306	yo if you didn't know my name is derek, what name would you think I have and also how old do you think I am?	Mmmmh, idk derek fits good on you lmao, and i think you are 16-ish?	I am 16 in fact wow	others
6307	just me in my loving sungwoon outfit	my most handsome soulmate :((((	i luv u	others
6308	fuck o2	i thought my phone had lost it completely but no . it’s the company who is wrong	FRRRRR I THOUGHT ID HAVE RO GET A NEW PHONE DJDNND	others
6309	Another one took me a little longer but anyways nowadays i just feel really unhappy what girls actually do and how they act it just bothers me so i just left it hereJust listen no feedback needed but if you do want to gimme feedback i will appreciate it (recorded with phone)	actually liked it :) Record ur face though, will make it better	alright next time will do it	others
6310	How 'Marvelous Mrs. Maisel' star went from living in a crappy 2-bedroom with 4 people (and bugs) to Golden Globe winner	This show might force me to get an Amazon Prime subscription. I started watching it on a long flight home from the West Coast and got hooked.	It's so good. It's honestly one of my favorite shows and I can't wait to watch season 2	others
6311	oomf stans something new every five minutes i don’t understand	i- is this @ me uh ksjsj	y-yes but it’s not a bad thing lmao	others
6312	HELLO MUTUALS LES QUIERO CONTAR QUE APROBÉ TODAS MIS MATERIAS Y TENGO GANAS DE PONERME PEDA	yaasss	Let’s do it	others
6313	Discord Conversations with Danku (I'm green)	What the actual hecc is your name on discord	"jingle my bells bby was previously ""mastodon made me lose brain cells"" so I wanted to match that sdjlfsdlf"	others
6314	Why is that even a thought.?	puts honey on his pizza	That’s your man	others
6315	The way u guys struggle with bidmas the grade boundaries for GCSE being 28% for a C suddenly makes a lot of sense	They’ve never been 28%	This year was 28% because there’s no more foundation paper, but it’s always been 35-29% lol	others
6316	Dr	Does know that their logo is on his website? Is that allowed?	I bet not Annette. Prof , something you need to look into urgently IMO.	others
6317	الله يراني ...	God bless you dear	Thank you bless u too	others
6318	My biggest fear is dating a guy and him telling me we should get annual passes to Disney	To drink around the world at Epcot?	Damn.... ok you’re right that’s a solid use for the passes. Have yet to drink around the world tho	others
6319	pls this mutual is so annoying	@ me next time	how did u kno jfkwnfekd	others
6320	can we play with you in london please	i will give a listen but it's not just up to us on this and we have a few up for it already. Alriiiggghhhttt?	No problems :) x	others
6321	I am consistently struck by the beauty and power of her films. Watch this short film.	Thank you!	You're welcome. I'm just telling the truth though.	others
6322	how are you feeling Ogi? Hope the painkillers are doing the job X	All good thank you	Glad to hear it X	others
6323	i’ve had *inhale* enouGh	Oooomf sAmee	at this point it’s just ridiculous and i want it to sToP (notreally) sighhhh	others
6324	TEAM MICHAEL FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE	rafael makes michael look like a BITCH	rafael doesn’t deserve jane michael is an ANGEL	others
6325	Good afternoon. Well, what a difference in weather today. This morning I tweeted that it was so dark and wet and that lasted most of the morning, but at lunchtime, it was as if someone had opened a curtain and the sun beamed down. Needless to say, I rushed to my favourite sea.	As the saying goes, ‘if you don’t like the weather, wait 5 minutes!’ Beautiful photos.	It is a true saying all right. We in Scotland are said to have four seasons in one day.	others
6326	?	on myspace	DAMN	others
6327	Good night n'sweet Dreams TweetVille See y'all tomorrow TweetHearts	Hi Flavia wish you a good night and sweet dreams	Hi Christine, thank you!! Good night n'lovely dreams to you!!	others
6328	Hugh Freeze and Kendal Briles co-offensive coordinators = SO MUCH AWESOME on the field and in the streets of Knoxville.	This Ole Miss alumnus is ill at the thought of Freeze coaching college players. He should be in the NFL. Or maybe the CFL. Or maybe Arena League. But not around impressionable young men.	Sounds like someone in CFB is going to hire him. The shelf life on outrage over Freeze's behavior is a year, apparently.	others
6329	Anyways... I tweet for people who did their own research proposal!	And how about those that want to submit would they be accepted?	as long as you didn't pay anyone to do it	others
6330	What's up with me and leaving voice mails? My brain turns to mush! knows.	I just listened to them. Please tell me you’re drinking.	Yes? lol but sadly no.	others
6331	What do you mean you can get addicted to Twitter?	not just Twatter though...	I greatly dislike FB..	others
6332	If the Galaxy Brain meme was a shirt...	That is super fucking pretty.	It really is, I’m going to cherish this damn thing!	others
6333	It's officially official. All new homes in	Post some pictures of your booth today...	Hey David! Stay tuned, we will definitely post photos. The exhibit hall hasn't opened just yet!	others
6334	Right. What's your favorite baked good to go with tea in the morning? Because when I get back from camping, I'm going to make that.	Toasted scones with butter and my own jam. I'm on cherry and pink peppercorn at the moment. (Weekends only or I'd be the size of a house!)	I have the cherry, but not the pink peppercorn part !! Yum!	others
6335	rt this if u support louis. I’m adding all of u to a list so u can follow each other & have a better tl :)	Good idea thank you!! I was feeling very sad and disappointed... I've found so many tweets saying things against Louis... how can it even be possible	and i know some of the things that have been said are disgusting :(	others
6336	I wanted to write an undercover maggie au but i realised I...already did	Write another one! There can never be too many.	But I did all my undercover cliches already!	others
6337	Iced coffee is so much better than hot coffee and don’t even try to fight me on it.	I’m tired of people judging me for drinking ice coffee in this weather!!	!!! Honestly I just got a frozen coffee and I got so judged by the cashier but like leave me alone I’m paying for it anyway okay	others
6338	مين اللي توه يطلع من المستشفى و يكتشف انه ناسي لمبات الخطر حق السيارة مشغلين من الصباح؟ عدنان مين بطاريات سيارته فضت ؟ عدنااااااان مين اللي سيارته مو راضية تشتغل ؟ ع د ن ااااااا ن الخميس الونيس my ass	لااااا يا زمن	This	others
6339	Las amistades que se hacen con el futbol americano son una mamada	Chupame el wiwi	U da best	others
6340	After years of struggling to access transition-related care, I finally completed No Nuts November.	congrats, it's the absolute best November imo <3	Omg not allowed to respond seriously, it's a bad joke cmon.	others
6341	Has the Pete Shelley news got any foundation in truth?	BBC says suspected heart attack :(	Marcus just told me.	others
6342	Days like today makes you thankful for being a miserable sod and never ringing anyone and being on	We're so pleased to have you with us Glen Have you checked out the in the My Vodafone app? We think you'll love it Zoe	Yes, theyre terrific. Nice to hear from you Zoe, thanks for the tweet!	others
6343	and have no problems, thank you	Hi Ryan, it's great to hear you're looking to join us. Check out all of the pay monthly benefits you can take advantage of here - -JD	Thank you!!	others
6344	happy birthday babee.	7bebe entay o ro7e	wde agolich enjoy your day.	others
6345	Y’all gone play smash for 3 weeks and be bored lol	That’s any game	Naw I be on the fortnite	others
6346	Cannot wait to try hot yoga tonight	I bet you’re going to love it and feel amazing after...just sayin ENJOY	I’m so excited I know I’ll enjoy it!!	others
6347	Who is your “People Who Blocked Me” starting 5  Here’s mine PG: Jhene Aiko SG: JR Smith  SF: Darren Rovell PF: Jacob Wohl  C: Roseanne Barr	So.... you're proud to have harassed people in to blocking you? That seems like a pretty crappy way to live.	You can go ahead and block me and I won’t think twice about it tho so be my guest	others
6348	I like making sickly-sweet videos of these fluff balls to watch when I'm stressed.	Some precious lil bubs.	Wish I could shrink down and cuddle up with them!	others
6349	Girl those emojis	Juuuuu know what i meannn or do i gotta spell it	Yes I know what you mean	others
6350	Well my	What are you reading at the UH/Anderson library special collections?	The Minnie Fisher Cunningham Collection. My manuscript is on woman suffrage in Texas & how the movement altered other groups' voting rights. Interesting state to study it too since TX didn't require citizenship to vote but barred all servicemen from doing so.	others
6351	Just goes to show I haven't stopped my wave game. People think I quit cuz ion post no more pics but this is my most recent form but it ain't my final form yall. Im still working and…	Shut yo ass up	Stop suckin my dick LC	others
6352	I’ve spent more time calculating the grade I need on my finals than studying for them	Why is this me	Honestly	others
6353	Am I wrong in saying that you played Ironsight? For some reason, I remember you made a video about it. Perhaps I am wrong	Nah never played it mate, looks boring	Been playing it myself for a few hours, I would recommend it to you just to give it a try. It's actually not that bad	others
6354	Aye	Get fucked nerd	Damn you got me	others
6355	Never ! They’re tasty	And that's why a lot of people are trying to kill you...	And....Some of them are trying to get something else from me heh. Talking bout this moment of course	others
6356	How to break into comics: be interviewed by ME	ah so that's who I should blame	I cannot be responsible for anyone I haven’t interviewed	others
6357	Luv 2 slam the entire front of my thigh fill force into a thigh high cabinet by accident.	is a thigh high cabinet a cabinet full of long socks	It's the new programmer sock for those ready to live in 2020	others
6358	Before you huff at someone calling a ferret a “fuzzy noodle”, remember that that’s a kenning, and the vikings would support it.	Tim's words of 2018: noodle	it’s been that kind of a year	others
6359	I’m trynna go to Colombia next December with my boo but the problem is that there’s no boo, so y’all see what the problem here is? Lol	guess we going then bitch	Or let’s just each get a boo? but hey I’m down lol	others
6360	what would be your best pick-up line if you saw me in a bar	I'm down for anything. That's right I'm down for IT.	404: Condom not found.	others
6361	So if black people cant be racist can brown and hispanic people be racist too or like its just us. Cause we love to call em racist but the system not in their favour either tho like	Oh they still racist cuz they love proving thst they aren’t black and why they are superior than black people. That the real essence of the problem	I know they can still be racist but isn’t the whole thing about racism = the system?	others
6362	Thank you Thank you!!!	Happy Birthday Coach	Thank you!!!	others
6363	Just got tickets to go see next month on the 21st	He’s	I don’t give a	others
6364	To ACE	QAAHHH IM SO JEALOUS	Don't be!!!	others
6365	Sorry I still don't know how twitter works still, this is new to me	You and me both dude	Like it's a little confusing but I'm getting the hang of it now I think	others
6366	In possibly the only moment I’ll ever be not entirely critical of Trump I wonder if we can finally have a discussion about how insane it is that presidential candidates have to pretend to be practicing Christians to have a chance at winning. (I’m not holding my breath)	I just saw a clip on Colbert about this and I was surprised how much of the creed I remember. Conditioning, amirite?	Seriously. I mentioned the story to my very atheist mother and she without blinking recited the entire thing instantly.	others
6367	Some Things Never Cease To Amaze Me.	Man what	Sit This One Out.	others
6368	Hey,	I think it's primarily digital on Switch. Iirc the physical version is a gamestop exclusive.	Well that’s a bummer.	others
6369	IM NOT TAKING A MOTHER FUCKING NAP	Take the nap	I was quoting this lil bitch in the video	others
6370	This is ⁦	Wait we aren’t dating anymore?	.....you’d date a girl who does that in public....?	others
6371	I love to	Subbed! Have a great day!	Done. Thank you	others
6372	I am not saying Mel and Alina are basically one and the same person to me at this point, but I almost confused them with eachother.	alina is waaaaay prettier than me, that’s the difference	SUBJECTIVE! I think you are both vvvv pretty.	others
6373	If Three Lions isn’t in your Spotify 2018 top 100 then you should be ashamed	ok coldplay ://///	I have no embarrassment	others
6374	i love the light in your eyes and the dark in your heart	I LOVE U	ilove u MORE	others
6375	this is what i want my room to be like i just never see this kinda decor anywhere	u gotta go to antique stores for candle holders like that i see them all the time in the south	uughhhh there's only one store like that in my entire town but it's not goth-y stuff really like this most of the time	others
6376	I FORGOT QUINNS REAL NAME IS LUCY	shut up this never happened	oh but it did. it’s canon forever	others
6377	I want my ring back	Resizing? Mine had to be done as well! Worth the wait	Yeah!! I get it back on Saturday but it’s not the same	others
6378	dont you dAAAARE	Must have forgot to be a Sneaky Sinclair	and then became a Sentenced Sinclair	others
6379	Eh, a pirate's loyalties are thin. What's to say I can't have friends on both sides? (Don't be deceived, is a BIG SCARY orc with BIG SCARY swords! I was clearly terrified)	He's like a big teddy bear you mean	Hey, I’m trying to not COMPLETELY ruin his reputation here!	others
6380	I was just thinking what is the remote fascination. My daughter dives for it everytime	I’m trying to figure it out	I wonder if it’s the buttons.	others
6381	Anyone got a turbo RZR front diff ?	And a front axle u owe me?	You told me 6 times I don’t owe you shit	others
6382	We all face challenges. The trick is on the way we react to the things that happen to us.  As a facility manager, there’s always something that can be challenging. A way to prepare for those situations is by foreseeing risks and planning possible approaches.	And putting the tools in place to mitigate those	issues -	others
6383	I’m probably gonna get cancer from all the scented Expo markers I used to smell as a kid.	You also used to do a lot of biting. I am concerned	Yeah but that’s never changed...	others
6384	Where should Bath play whilst the Rec is being redeveloped?	Bath Romans. Ready for the rebrand	I leaked this plan a few months ago. Never denied by the club. It will happen, sooner rather than later.	others
6385	I could literally eat salad everyday	You have issues	It’s a healthy obsession	others
6386	my pants are all wet with my girl power	I think thats called love	then god damn do i love anime tiddies	others
6387	Fuck the system man.. I’m sad ass a fuck right now ... FREE sharaka until she free	Check DM	Ok I just wrote you back	others
6388	On outdoor display in the main piazza in Florence. I have always loved this work, it's really something to see in person.	I can't believe the stuff those artists did with stone. Seeing it in person would probably cause me to short-circuit.	It's one of three on display, all of them gigantic and super-intense.	others
6389	YALL I GOTTA GO	OMDS YAAAS	THIS IS A FUCKING DREAM	others
6390	Girl!! I’ve been feeling like this for awhile	I haven’t felt like this in foreverrrr. SooooIt’s bad lol	Same I haven’t really been processing my aggression and anger well lately. I barely kno why I feel so much aggression	others
6391	I can't believe I'm hearing this. You have no idea how much Buzzcocks were part of my formative punk years	Devestating :(	I don't know what to say	others
6392	I’m upset about Max leaving Anastasia, because I really love the current cast, there’s 2 characters that I preferred the original, but I really love this cast	Max can’t leave I won’t let him	I love him as Gleb, he’s perfect	others
6393	once i go blonder in a couple weeks, it’s over. idk anybody & im a brand new bitch	Straight savage	gotta start off 2019 w positive energy	others
6394	"I'll never understand why people choose to hate something just because. At least have some points as to why you hate something instead of ""I don't like it because it's dumb""..."	Politely and firmly disagree. I should be alloud to hat things that are dumb	Wasn't directed towards you, or any one for that matter	others
6395	Let me know when you get that answer.	Gotchu sissss , you finished whylin?	Yes I’m done til I catch that lil thieving btch onda streets. I gotta watch out shorty went crying to her momma & now momma threatening me w the Feds	others
6396	JAMES GREIN: ‘I HAVE TO THANK CARDINAL DOLAN FOR SAYING, “WE HAVE CREDIBLE EVIDENCE.” THAT GOT THE BALL ROLLING.’	Very powerful interview.	I thought so, except how Uncle Ted taught him to pray. What sort of a prayer guide is that?	others
6397	Zero rispetto per Luna da quando ha detto con estrema nonchalance la n-word. Superflua, sopravvalutata, un produttino alla Rochelle.	Quando l’ha detto?	Nel mashup di god is a woman/I do	others
6398	Yessssss!!! Yeahyeahyeahyeahyeah *jumps up and down before realizing I'm too old to jump up and down without knee pain*	Stoked that you like the premise!! (Btw I jumped yesterday to reach the top of my closet and I'm pretty sure my kneecaps turned to sand)	Aaahahahaha. I hate to laugh but I'm pretty sure the Rice Crispies I ate as a child collected in my knees for a snack. *high five* sand knee twin!	others
6399	Drake was HURTING in the end there on Diamonds Dancing, yoh.	yeses i forgot about this tape.	same, until i thought of futures verse on live from the gutter and jammed it whole	others
6400	Every year Bron fans make it seem like Bron has absolutely no help whatsoever even tho he goes to the Finals every year	This year he not making it	Facts	others
6401	OKAY BUT WHY IS IT OVER $220 TO PURCHASE FOUR TICKETS TO AMERICAN GRAND WHAT	That’s not bad at all if you’re getting 4 maybe if it was one	I’m pretty sure that’s TERRIBLE there is no reason my boyfriend should be paying $55 to see my sister compete for a total of 5 minutes. He doesn’t like cheer, he likely won’t watch any other teams it is almost $28 per 2 and a half minutes	others
6402	I haven’t had a Christmas tree in my 6 years of living alone but my parents insisted that I have one and got it behind my back. Now I gotta decorate the bitch	You better than me cuz I would’ve packed that bitch right back up	Lmfao I should have	others
6403	my spotify wrapped isnt accurate cause i’ve used like 10 accounts this year	Mine told me I’ve been listening to songs I’ve never even heard of	lets get crazy by hannah montana is in mine even though i only listened to it like thrice	others
6404	Two different brands of Malted Milk biscuits - one is slightly larger than the other, one has a cow and a five-barred gate, the other has two cows, the main one facing in the opposite direction	They're plotting something.	It's the cow takeover	others
6405	OH MY GOD I HATE THIS TWEET LMFAOOOO FUCK	BYE	MOONCOUNTRY IN FUCKINR CRINE	others
6406	Got my nephews girlfriend messaging me she's 20 in 17 days, boo fucking hoo, I'm 34 in 3 an a half hours ffs, ain't no sympathy here girl	Getting old Gem	I know	others
6407	Today happens to be a feast day, so my ass is going off the most recent ep of and watching borrowed hearts on YouTube	What feast are you celebrating? St Nick?	Goibniu, who happens to be the equivalent of St Nick in my pantheon :)	others
6408	I have an irrational love of these types of things. Oh, and I actually think the answer is 3. They have no weak links on D, and the best spacing.	Larry Bird should be in jail based on that haircut and mo	Its horrific, isn’t it?	others
6409	I don't get why people waste their time criticizing him on petty stuff like this. There are so many more egregious things to focus on. Why expend the mental energy worrying about how he sits?	Remember when he poured stuff into a koi pond though?!	But now I googled and found it, and yeah that's even more stupid than this	others
6410	I am not liking this at all!	6 months out of my year haha	I’m not good with this...	others
6411	Idk who I'm playing in ultimate :(	Austin K Rool	He struggles too much getting off the ledge and if I play a bad character im just gonna hate the game like smash 4 :(	others
6412	WHOEVER STOLE MY ULTA PACKAGE FROM MY FRONT DOOR, I HOPE YOU FALL INTO A VOLCANO.	Omg youer kidding	Smh. Last year, someone opened one of our packages and left it. It was a book so I’m assuming that’s why they didn’t take it. I guess they really wanted al the shit I ordered from Ulta. I’m so mad and sad.	others
6413	bitch. bitchhh. IM BUSY ON FRIDAY NIGHTS	YOURS DIDN'T GLITCH SJJS I THOUGHT IT WAS A FILTER WTG	IT DID GLITCH AT FIRST. I THOUGHT IT WAS A FILTER TOO AKSKSK	others
6414	You guys listen to Reply All?	Wisconsin is a terrible place.	Isn't that where Making A Murderer also happens? What a mess.	others
6415	I have finished work now for 2018...don’t return until 15th January 2019....bring on the festivities	Merry Christmas!	And to you too Kelly..I meant to drop into the office to wish you a Merry Christmas but was swamped at end of last lecture with everyone saying thank you for the course which was lovely	others
6416	hey long time no chat	I am good thanks b x	its all good i dont know why ive missed ya all from my TL like just trying to get back into it all just need to follow me back like before & then il be happy again	others
6417	Wrote the best pop songs of the late ‘70s.	What a heartbreaker-I was just playing ESP this afternoon - and thinking how amazing that band were. :(	Just reviewed reissues of first 2 albums for Shindig and was struck by how influential that sound became. All those Scottish bands in particular - Pastels, Soup Dragons, Shop Assistants etc.	others
6418	Can’t believe last weekend I was too drunk to open my front door so sat outside my house for an hour	melt	Thanks for staying up n making sure I got in xxxx	others
6419	"let's be real ""what job would your fursona have"" is last year's fursona meme what kind of youtube channel would ur fursona run?"	Youtube Music Reactions (I kinda want to do it myself)  OR Cooking with Sol (He plays nothing but Soul music and R&B in the background, his first 3 videos got taken down because of copyright law)	BOTH????????? COMBO CHANNEL BECAUSE I LOVE THESE	others
6420	Hi tweeps,  Some tweets are just commnts, appreciation of beauty or finess, not all tweets under fine girls picture issa Shot. Some of us just love to compliment without necessarily sliding.	Do you even compliment people?	I do love. If you want daily compliments. Subscribe at	others
6421	Keira has her first Christmas performance.. and idk if I’m ready for it	omg mom her sis Mila too	Omg the twins are performing tonight! I’m gonna cry!	others
6422	He's likely talking about things like, Intimacy mode and the Dressing Room, which have no real bearing on the game itself. The entire game isn't gonna get toned down.	I hope bc that’s like the only reason people buy the games really	At this point, the series should really go back to Nintendo, since they wouldn't have to deal with this shit in the first place.	others
6423	Dear Rachel,  I don't think it's your place to decide who can have or express an opinion on anything.  You're welcome.	"Don't undercut your point with ""I don't think."" Just own it. ""It's not your place..."""	Fair enough.	others
6424	Discovered my newest pet hate: when an abnormally tall person strolls in and stands in front of you at a gig. Like, you must realise your lanky ass is in the way, move the fuck along Hodor.	Last show I went to I stood in the corner because I didn't want to block others view	You’re a good egg! No need to stand in the corner though, just look out for us little ones	others
6425	lmfaooo yall really out here stressing bout other humans?	What’s wrong with em yanna?	must got a chemical imbalance couldnt be me	others
6426	Sixers need to prove themselves tonight.	That was a good game. I was sad that the Sixers lost, but this L will serve a purpose.	Yeah. We looked good the 1st half but we just couldn't sustain it for 4 quarters. I think Butler will help create a more disciplined and focused team culture in the long run.	others
6427	Starts the day surprising his mother with a hug, a coffee and a chrysanthemum.  “You must be sick of roses. Sorry about the goats.”	"What a lovely surprise! She hugged him back and accepted the coffee and the flowers.  ""Hello, honey. Thank you so much for this surprise. I forgive you. Just no more animals for a while."""	Hugs his mother and whispers mischievously.  “What about nice peacocks for the terrace? I also thought of some swans for the lake.” It’s easy to tease his lovely mama. Moves onto a more delicate subject. >>	others
6428	are ladybugs... (i'm trying to prove emina and maria wrong ok help me)	Tell them they're T posing in your room and then ask	that's not the question and you know it	others
6429	it’s a good thing x x isn’t coming out this year. loona need to RESTTTT, especially the yyxy girls who have been non stop promoting since FUCKING MARCHHHH. i’m glad they are resting and having fun for the holidays. it will come out in january everyone needs to chill	ok but we’re gonna need a carol 3.0 from the girls.....	well tea as long as they don’t have to promote it	others
6430	My dad and I are working different jobs today, I packed his lunch for him and he sent me this	Hahahaha I'm dead	Working all these years and taking responsibility for my actions don't mean shit but I pack a lunch and my balls drop	others
6431	WarioWare: Oñate’s Foot	WarioWare: The Canine Mutiny with Imran Khan	This is a good pod ep title	others
6432	If Die Hard is on your list of Christmas Movies you are a fraud and an embarrassment to those who love Christmas. That is all.	Aaron... don't do this.	I will die on this hill.	others
6433	Jo from	Lovely! I'm with you on what I'd do if I won the lottery and the gin	Love my gin Most people don't understand my lottery dreams, but I'm quite happy with my lot, I'd just like to see more of the world.	others
6434	Unauthorized/General people at sleeper coaches in 13352 train. S4 coach.please take an action.Fearing about luggage	Please share your PNR number	Dear sir,Nothing changed.Our journey became sleepless.we are failed to get Indian railway services in a good way..Sleeper classes are made as general coaches and staff not care about it.	others
6435	This is a great thread on Russian foreign policy in the bigger picture since 91.  Missing too are the Chechen invasion of Dagestan, the Western intelligence assets at Pankisi gorge that flipped and did Boston bombing and later joined ISIS, and so much more little small bullshit.	Other than , has any other journalist written about this?	Not that I know of, more often than not to recreate the story from piecemeal you have to become the journalist and article compiler. Because none of these guys or outlets are consistent. But it can be done.	others
6436	Her husband is a coal billionaire. FFS greedy sycophants all of them. The best people my ass	Wow, imagine that. Someone with an open mind who can see both sides. You should try it.	I am open minded as to why she said it. She knows global warming is a fact but is greedy and wants the power and the money. Or she is genuinely stupid and therefore unqualified. You choose.	others
6437	I hate when chad farts in the car and locks all the windows	He’s so gross	He’s a mess but I love him	others
6438	Whoa. I just had	I can hear	I didn’t until you said it. Haha	others
6439	if i listen to this mix one more time i might date a Jamaican who doesn't eat pussy and be ok with it	Lmfaooo	West Indian men are so good at finessing. like... oh you dont eat pussy but your banana long till e ben? mmmmmmmm interesting	others
6440	Sprint just made it so you can talk on the phone and be in the internet at the same . YOURE WELCOME	Thank you I be pissed	I’m weak	others
6441	Tfw your new phone doesn't have all your contacts for some reason & you're trying to guess who texted you about Riverdale.	That's hilarious.	I think I got it? But it was definitely harder than one might expect.	others
6442	This man desperate asff, I know I left lock, but this is what happens wow people in this community are stupid. Then lock main got hacked. Dick move from vision.	I’m jus smart to get it,never said I wasn’t giving it to clips lol	It ain’t cool, you got it when you found out lock got hacked, and you used the @ for money come on now.	others
6443	if i ever see the racist old hag that came into my work yesterday out in public.... it was nice knowing y’all, be my pen pal when i’m locked up	Omg WHO	not that it narrows it down but that one late 40s white woman with the blonde bob, glasses, kind of looks like an older Angela from the office, everyday she has a different mood	others
6444	Stumbled across your music on YouTube recently, so glad I did. Black Hole is incredible. Can’t believe you’re so young. Hope you make it big. Play Sacramento sometime and I’ll be there.	bedhead is the best and he’s got an album otw stay tuned pls	He’s got mad talent for sure! Can’t wait to snag an album when it comes out!	others
6445	ANYONE WANT TO MAKE A BET ON THE REVEAL THAT IS HAPPENING TODAY ??? IF YOU THINK ITS NOT HAPPENING I GOT A COOL 20 SAYING IT WILL SUP?	It won’t sup?	I’ve already taken a couple I’m good lol	others
6446	oh hi	hello	Sup lol	others
6447	i also haven’t heard back for my heb application even tho the unposting date was today [when the other positions were unposted i got emails saying i wasn’t selected] clasps my hands	I wish you luck. I miss HEB solely because it's tamale season and I really want fresh, hot tamales.	SENDS YOU TAMALES and thank you!! the virtual interview said it could be up to 10 days before i hear back so i’m staying hopeful	others
6448	Many many people will never ever understand this. But I have the best job ever. Fact. The fact I forgot this is a brutul shame. But I remember now. It was a short memory loss.	As long as you remember it now, and love every day	I know, right!	others
6449	German. my grandmother was from Bremen	Most of our family are from Göttingen :-)	I have never been to Germany. My grandmother always said go w here. I was younger wanted to go places w friends. I regret it.	others
6450	how is blackpink not on there i listen to them every single day	ur minutes compared to my minutes......	i only started using spotify in like september invalid argument	others
6451	Gallant - Bourbon	I’ve heard him... and for reference I checked out the song you recommended. he has a great voice but his beats are all basic and his hooks are boring.	I digress. I’ll never bother u with my bullshit again	others
6452	I really miss you all. I miss streaming and talking to all you lovely silly butts. I'm still going through things and pushing through them on my end. But I truly hope that you all are doing amazing and that you're all warm with full hearts this winter ♡	We miss you too! We'll be waiting	Awwwwh thank you!! I'll try to be back soon!	others
6453	I like making sickly-sweet videos of these fluff balls to watch when I'm stressed.	So adorable	Aren't they?!	others
6454	5 meeting day: completed Always Cheating Advice Shop: open We're opening up a special mini-edition of the Always Cheating Advice Shop. 100% accurate answers to your dilemmas for the next 15 minutes starting...now.	Arnie + Mane to Auba + ?(sub 5.9)	Don't laugh but...might it be Robert Snodgrass?	others
6455	This shit stinks	they’re so homophobic and for what	All you get from being homophobic is being ugly but 30 but oh well since they wanna act a fool	others
6456	D. Miguel declared his intention to end as he called it “the perfidious free stone masons”, referring to the Constitutional and liberal Masonry	What's your opinion about Dom Pedro IV (Dom Pedro I in Brazil) ?? In Brazil he was very unpopular and abdicated the throne.	He is (unfortunately) very popular here in Portugal because he’s propagandised as having “freed” the country from his brother, D. Miguel, on his illegitimate and unlawful return from Brazil	others
6457	Absolutely disgusted with the service from your Wokingham store manager Bianca tonight - went to collect an online order, paid, watched as my pizzas sat on a shelf for 25 mins - only got them when I asked what was going on. Zero apologies and a rude store manager!	We're very sorry to hear this. We can provide a link to our care team if you wish to take this further?	Yes please, currently the experience I’ve had makes me not want to return again	others
6458	CSGO's header = 9th Operation = Rats 13th = next Thursday They never said a specific date.	"Definitely ""Vermin"" instead of ""Rats"" tho, right?"	Potentially, if it links to the 13th centuary then the operation could be called Black Death. (Something I told Joe, the thief xox)	others
6459	Before you ask, no I'm not.	WHY?!? You would SLAY it.	I'm not lowering myself to that!	others
6460	wow can you believe my boyfriend is this hot??	that's a good catch right there	i mean-	others
6461	Canny believe a play in the same fitbaw team as this cunt	A feel sorry for you mate	x factor tweets now that wowsaaaaa son	others
6462	I LEARNED HOW TO MAKE GYOZA TODAY	invite me over	Not until I get my account invite	others
6463	man, you really have personal issues with that man. Lesanik is James Harden's Ex girlfriend and she's 34!	Getting real fabricated in here right	Bruh, the internet is a spooky place right now	others
6464	Presses his tiers against 's and waddles away !  Happy giggling.	➤    Wide-eyed.  He only ran after the tiger, actually letting out curse words about he was he was quick to leave.	Twitches his ears.  Loky gasped faintly, starting to run away from the other with a huge grin on his visage. Catch him if you can.	others
6465	oooooo	74!	omg ur one of my big k-pop mutuals but somehow u didn't get a k-pop song	others
6466	You didn't just call kendrick overrated	Asf	Jesus, I understand if you don't like him but overrated? Idk about all that man	others
6467	Drop ya insta @ ‘s I wanna stalk new people these locals are boring	How are you going to follow my IG and say IG is boring	You’re no local bb grill u don’t count in this category	others
6468	anyone: h- me: suviche	We know	c u there	others
6469	After a blow-out weekend celebrating my ?	It’s definitely been harder this week. I’m having to catch up on the extra day job stuff that took a backseat in November. Some words are better than no words.	I know the feeling! Work, house work, all the other things that were pushed aside in November	others
6470	Sheffield United once shared Bramall Lane with cricket. Yorkshire CCC played their last game there in 1973 and a new South Stand was build to enclose the football ground. Pics here include a 1933 aerial view and the new stand in front of the pavilion.	Is the old pavilion still there?	No, long gone I'm afraid.	others
6471	ok...... what does no cap mean??? LOL	Spend all of his money	ur the only one whos apparently wanted me to know the real meaning:-)	others
6472	Something I've been working on. The Adventures of Professor Pickles. I'm still experimenting but I dig where it's going.	Interesting	I hope so. He's a Professor of Interdimensional Quantum Travel. Think Sliders but for kids and every dimension is filled with a different anamorphic species.	others
6473	This forever.	I see the point and I need to say I have almost zero experience with f#(which I will change) , but aren't c# functions also being used as first class citizen where it fits lately and isn't the whole OOP thing about composition and abstraction.	C# functions are in a sad state compared to those in F#. You can't compose them, because you have no currying, you have the clunky Func<> syntax everywhere, and on top of that, you have the extremely annoying distinction between Func and Action, because `void` is not a type.	others
6474	This term's College of Knowledge	I would love to participate in the Holiday edition of the Quiz Competition how do I sign up ?  Hello Baba Rufaro, I pray to find you well?	Hi, call us on 0242662689 and ask for Tapiwa - it would be great to have you on the show!	others
6475	Someone will marry wife and still be embarrassing himself in another girl's dm.  Is your wife a none living thing?  Why did you marry her if the plan was to be disrespecting her?  Shameless.	My sister how will u feel if they kept u in an isolated room with dstv,but u are only allowed to watch just one channel till u die..... ?????   U will be tempted to change d channel	Does this make sense to you?  How about you just don't get married than marry and cheat.	others
6476	one of like a million (okay maybe just like 12 and counting) stupid pictures of human x anthro audi because I got inspired by that stupid orangina add forever ago and can't unship it now will probs clean it up later and dump them all on here eventually	I think that looks great so far!	Thanks! :D having a lot of fun with this one ^^	others
6477	He literally does not commit to a second referendum. Boom	Fgs stop saying “ literally”. Do you know what it means?	Yes, thanks. I used it deliberately because he *literally* doesn’t commit to anything at all. Are you hard of thinking?	others
6478	soft boy Wooshin vs bad boy Wooshin	Why do I wanna kiss his shoulder	Because it’s right there	others
6479	Other win for the peanut city!	Must be the peanuts...	Must be. 5 out of 10 between 7 cities ain’t bad.	others
6480	lick bait	Just wanted some views for once just like all the other clickbating youtubers ;)	"this is too much clickbait so i dont think people will watch it because they will think its clickbait. theres a point where its not too boring but its not too clickbaity looking at the same time and thats the point you want... ""New bosses"" look too clickbaity. just suggesting bro"	others
6481	How I stated my day at 5 am. Turned out I have a virus	Feel better	Thank you!!	others
6482	shocking delivery service still not received my parcel and when I phone get nowhere with the shocking staff	Hello Andrew, thank you for bringing this to our attention. Please DM your full name, full address as well as your parcel ID and I will most certainly have a look into this for you. Thanks, Erin	When will you reply to my inbox as I messaged you over 24 hours ago	others
6483	It was literally played twice, uncensored, in Kremlin on Saturday but you do you.	he really thought this take made sense huh	‘Thought’ is probably giving him too much credit. I’d love to know who it is who’s apparently stopping them singing the word. And why they feel the need to say it so much anyway.	others
6484	Not going to be easy. Need to hit some shots down the field. Would love to see a big game from	Isn’t the best tactic for attacking someone with such lateral speed to run right at them?	Yeah... thats what they say. Definitely a struggle to get to the outside. Not many choices?!  Hopefully the boys up front are ready!	others
6485	for the love of all that is good in this world tell people how much they mean to u!!! it is so important for people to feel valued	I just complimented 4 people I didn’t know. Hugged 3 friends. Gave 3 people snacks for finals. And just smiled. It feels soooooo good to make people smile.	u make me smile	others
6486	I remember this song	I love this song	I like it	others
6487	No shade, but did they report this before Kmedia?	Have no idea tbh	Well it wouldn't be the first time lol~	others
6488	Where’s the picture of Alexandra Stepanova where she’s just 90% leg?	that could be any picture honestly but, this one?	Yes. That’s exactly the picture. But also yeah she’s always 90% leg.	others
6489	Today has been A Lot.	Everything happens so much	It really, really does.	others
6490	?	Shoot us a DM of your full name, email, and postal code so we can check in-store availability for you! We look forward to your response.	Another question, will the new Fossil Sport smartwatch ever get the Sport battery mode? I heard it doesn't have it at the moment...	others
6491	To be fair - I had no idea Canada had a space agency!	A lot of counties are developing them Japan,China,India, are slowly working there way in to the international stage	I knew about Japan and China but not India that is fantastic news for sure. Thanks for the great info!	others
6492	Yes	This girl tryna sell me 2 tickets for $35 right now lol might just have to do it	Do it, let’s turn up on GOD	others
6493	It’s when you start on the wedding guest list that you realize you don’t have any friends	girl i can take 47 seats if you want	Don’t worry yours already is written in gold (and you won’t need one for one part)	others
6494	16 - when he decided to almost cut his foot off with a chainsaw (instead cut through some toes real bad) the day before me and my mom were flying to Washington (:	BITCH WHAT	He was cutting firewood for the wood stove at our old house and slipped on a bit of ice. The chainsaw cut through his big toe and the following 2 toes. He had to get pins put in and stitches. It broke right through the bone of his big toe. Girl it was gnarly.	others
6495	i’m gonna repost this edit bc it’s the best one out there.	this is a lifesaver i had it bookmarked but its really gone..	same but if u have insta u can always find it here	others
6496	What a mixed up place this has become. This won't end well.	What won’t end well?	Are you a transgender? Have you had any surgery yet? How'd your momma & daddy take the news man?	others
6497	I guess Octopath Traveler is my favorite game of 2018? This was such a lackluster year for video games	My contenders are: Monster Hunter World, Spiderman Probably with the award going to Spiderman though I spent A LOT of time in MHW.  I have Octopath, I haven't loaded it up yet. I really want to get into it but BOTW keeps pulling me in.	I like Monster Hunter a lot its gorgeous but I have a hard time really loving games that require other people its not my preferred style	others
6498	NA-Aiumi	Teach me to swim?	hmmmm I could	others
6499	Attempt #4 initialized of gaining access to my sister's Minecraft account through . Only been about a 2 year process. Plz Send help.	Please we need content again!	It's been a battle. My hopes are small.	others
6500	اف احب كيف الستريس والاكتئاب والتفكير الزايد فجأه يداهموني، واضح ليلتي بتكون برعايتهم.	i know how you feel but don’t worry it’ll pass soon just don’t forget to relax, stay calm and take care of yourself. and don’t forget to drink your water mWAH	Aw dear heart:((!!!! Ilysm Promise you that I will	others
6501	Kobra Knife - Dragon 2077 Designed for  Sketchfab: Inspired from the incoming game ''Cyberpunk 2077''  Hope you guys like it !	Dope	Thank you !	others
6502	Speaking of missing, is there a @TsheetsbyQuickBooks in the house?	Oh oh! Or is it time for	Baby is already growing like a weed!	others
6503	I hope everyone is having a better morning than me because I lost $40 this morning	My dog at my $500 glasses.	Yikes	others
6504	We are having our best video stream month ever	How many for 's Galileo?	Well over 3,000!	others
6505	Idc how old I am getting shots from the doctor always will scare tf out of me	I use to run away from the doctor when I was young	I just hype myself to much before it then when it happens it doesn’t even hurt lmao	others
6506	Ahhhh I love you	that was fast wtf. give me your chaldea lunchtime	IVE BROUGHT HIM TO EVERY SINGLE FIGHT POSSIBLE.....	others
6507	It's gonna be at like stupid early am for us in the UK isn't it?	Half 1 in the morning apparently.	Oh hey that's not bad actually.	others
6508	.	*7 in a row	As in he just tied it, or set it?	others
6509	I don't often post a tweet (usually respond to them), but thinking of my much loved dad who would've been 86 today. Now dead for 5 years, the love I have for him is still as strong as ever. Love you, dad x	So sorry. I lost my Dad at 84 this year. It's a hard thing to go through.	That's kind of you. I am so sorry for your loss, especially horrible for you and your family, with losing him so soon. Take care x	others
6510	Thursday Flipping Results Bought over 60 cards this week (not including Lozano and Lala) to flip after rewards. Patreon lads got a few more players to flip, including Szczesny. Another great week flipping! Total Profit = ~600k	What to buy now?	I’m getting liquid	others
6511	Ratings agencies are important when you rely on western funding, apartheid did not need that. Sanctions and all, the system was self funding	But there were Western countries who were still funding and having good economic relations with SA during apartheid regardless of economic sanctions,some were even selling weapons to SA,so the rating agencies started in 1994?	The purpose of a ratings agency is to rate the ability of a country to repay its debt.	others
6512	Hoy, mo dawat lang kag grado nga limpyo, if I know, mag salig ra ka nila	mind sharing? lagot jud kayka bahhh, kinsa kaha na?	Nah, I better keep this to myself huehue	others
6513	This whole mentality that “everyone cheats” is trash.	O I hate the world we live in	Right!	others
6514	im drinking cucumber flavored sprite i think this is the pinnacle of my existence	i must locate this coveted flavor.........	it's super good, kinda tastes like tzatziki	others
6515	Im a massive history nerd with a soft spot for the Titanic and her sister ships	My LC History project was all about the Titanic	Mine was about the Olympic and Britannic. I initially planned to do all 3 but my history teacher said that if I got rid of the Titanic it would be more interesting for the examiner to read.	others
6516	on the top 100 playlist	such an honor	Hold up we got a few hits on here. Im just listening to them as they come on	others
6517	WHOA....!!! The things I Gotsta do.. to get what I Want...BOL	Dat was pretty good display of patience, at least by my standards.	Ahahahaha Ahahahaha I’m usually really really good at being Patient!!	others
6518	Wow even more	This is in Replay isn't it? i recognise those green walls	Oh no I've been made! Yes it's Replay, it's a really cool shop of course, it's just strange to see very Internet based things there, certainly keeping with the times on that front though	others
6519	YIKES	Don’t worry mine is also 93% showtunes	One non-showtune in my top 7 pages	others
6520	So bangs happened	Bangs are the moustache of the forehead. Your life is about to change.	Ouh how I hope in the love of God Coz I do need my life to be revamped	others
6521	she’s here ladies!!!	oh cute as fuck imagine me in that tho,,,,	IT WOULD DROWN YOU	others
6522	happy Birthday queen	thank youuu	No problem. Love you	others
6523	Someone call me at 12.30am to check if I’m still alive. Thanks	Why, was gwanin'?	I’m going to drink a lot of rum because I’m in a mood	others
6524	MY CRUSH CUT HER HAIR AND IS REFUSING TO SHOW ME KAJAKJWJWJW I LOVE SHORT HAIRED GIRLS OMG I'M GOING TO CRY TOMORROW KSNWKSKKSNSKSJJANAKWNJA GIRL SEND ME THE PICS PLS I HAVE TO PREPARE MYSELFFF	OMF AKSJSGGSGSGGSHAHANA	IKR I THINK I'LL DIE KWNAKANKA	others
6525	When WiFi at home goes down (AGAIN).  Hellloooo 3G	Hello there, sorry to hear of the broadband issues, is there anything listed here - that can explain this? ^JGS	Not listed there. No devices could connect for more than 2 seconds before losing connection.  I’ve turned it off for a few minutes then back on but use.  We upgraded to a new modem to stop this issue recently. Less than impressed from a self employed person	others
6526	I look stressed tf out	I miss you !	I miss you too	others
6527	I'm leaning towards avoiding large conventions in the future. It's been so hard for me to reach out to friends at them, and I'm apathetic about the deluge of new releases … might just be the depression+anxiety, but last few cons have felt intractable	Will you be at Chattanooga in January? Would love to play with you guys again	I think I'm attending, but sadly has a schedule conflict	others
6528	LAKFJSKAKX STOP	HOWD YOU GET IT WITHOUT THE GLITCH	WHEN HE FIRST POSTED IT, IT SAID IT WAS UNAVAILABLE BUT I OPENED THE APP UP AGAIN AND IT WAS THERE??	others
6529	I puked and rallied 3 times last night! Hellll yeah brother!!!!!	U puked?!?!? You’ve become weak with old age	h berry open bars are my weakness	others
6530	Tomorrow is my birthday	Happy birthday Mangle Schmidt	Thanks	others
6531	Can you please chip in $5? I need your help to raise funds for the American Cancer Society. I am grateful for *any* amount for this cause and event that are very important to me. Thank you so much. Please donate here:	Done! Good luck!!	Thank you soo sooo much. I appreciate your support!	others
6532	In two months time I’ll be single for four years. Imma host a graduation party for this degree I’ve earned!	127 seconds later, can't figure out the how & what I want to ask... So, if single and whatever the opposite of single is were buttons on a remote, which one would one press to get default settings?	Depends on what ticks the individual really. I can’t speak for everyone Single is the default setting for me	others
6533	This lil white girl’s step dad helped write Mind Playin’ Tricks, trust I’m not new to this but you fucking tried it.	U still misinformed. I don’t care if ya step Dad helped DJ Screw slow down some music and record it on some grey tapes back in the day. Lol. U all over the place.	You took one sentence & ran with it. So how was Southern Rap not blowing up in 2005-2006? Bc Slim Thug had a whole fucking duet w Beyoncé.  Obviously the south started poppin’ in the 90’s-2000’s. Are you happy now?	others
6534	What do you mean you can get addicted to Twitter?	No way	I don’t know that’s what I hear..	others
6535	You’re kind isint welcome in the Levant. Christians can die for all I care. — that’s a truly disgusting thing to wish on a group of people. Hope Allah guides you to be less hateful iA	The fuck, fuck whoever said this to you!!!	it’s okay they clearly hold too much hate in their heart, we can only pray for Allah to guide them	others
6536	So I’m watching a movie on my couch while there is this man doing maintenance work in my living room. Why do I look over and he is sitting Indian style watching the movie instead of working	What movie is it?	“It’s Complicated”	others
6537	it's thursday and I'm still screaming over Decade being possibly a full legit character in Zi-O	onore decade.... (crying really hard)	EVEN THE BELT SOUNDS ARE THERE AND THE CARDS AND I AM JUST ONORE DECADE	others
6538	Anybody let’s go to the polar express train ride?!	girl, please!	Why thatttt	others
6539	Gonna pick up Super Smash Bros Ultimate later tonight and I can't wait! I'm super hyped!!! Who else is getting it?!	i would but the bonus i got from work was sunk into bills so wasn't able to pick up the console or the pre-order for the game.. i'll get it at some point.. just need to focus on the important stuff right now.. :)	I know how that is man, video games is a luxury, but bills and necessities come first! :)	others
6540	Anyone know what this is? It’s pouring rain here and I think his home flooded. He doesn’t seem to be able to see well. He was kinda groping around the parking lot.	A muskrat maybe?	Could be. He’s doing better. Thought he was a gonner but he’s perked up and chomped down some dried cherries and nuts I gave him.	others
6541	Heel Chucky T is a really strange move to me and idk where theyre going with it	Mental illness is an interesting if extremely difficult story to do in a sensitive manner... out of everyone I think only the best friends are positioned to do it effectively? Buuuuut. It's prolly a regular heel-turn-betrayal. If that's the case, where is it coming from?	Who can say what goes on in the mind of Gedo day to day	others
6542	Anyone else sister shook?	Aw thank you!	Makeup is truly an art and your work displays that in a way that we don’t always see.	others
6543	What they don’t tell you about the song ‘Baby, It’s Cold Outside’ is that she finally leaves, T-bones a family of four and arrested for drunk driving and vehicular manslaughter.	And did ZERO time.	It’s Affluenza season	others
6544	1/ I previously alluded to the fact that I was contemplating allocating some capital to a value-oriented strategy. Today's carnage was a sufficient trigger to commence such endeavour, albeit in a small and cautious way.	"Couple of suggeted names for new porty: ""Blood in the Streets portfolio"" or ""Where's tha's Muck tha's Brass portfolio""... good luck!"	I like the sound of that!	others
6545	SOMEONE GIVR ME THE TIME OF THE AV 4 TRAILER. WHEN WHAT WHERE HOW. I NEED TO PREPARE MY SELF FOR THIS HEAVY THING THATS GONNA RUIN MY LIFE	Its coming tomorrow actually :P	THATS THE INLY THING I KNOW. I NEED TO FREAKING PREPARE MYSELF FOR THIS	others
6546	Lady driving like a jack ass with her hazards on pounding wine coolers.	Shoot her	I'mma pit maneuver her ass.	others
6547	YA GIRL GOT AN A IN ORGANIC CHEM!!!! 4.0 YOU ARE STILL MY BITCH!!!!	Whats a 4.0?	I’ll change my name to Braden Mills then u will have one too	others
6548	All the famous cheaters finna hire a YouTube double for damage control now.	What a time...	I don’t even know what to think about this lmao	others
6549	Stolen from  All of them are Baek, does this even come as a surprise anymore? :))	You are so talented all these are amazing	thank you so much dear ;A;	others
6550	They don’t deserve this	i know right?? they work so hard and yet only a few appreciates them	Ikr I can’t believe	others
6551	The truth.	I love you liv	I love you too bro	others
6552	I'm glad continues to get the recognition he deserves. He's one of our finest MAPs here, one we all look up to.	Talking to no one is a sign of a warped mind, Kyle.  Sexual attraction to kids is even more so.  You just ain’t got a damn thing going for you, do ya?	Just cause u manipulated her into deleting her tweet doesn't mean u r not forever ONE OF US now	others
6553	My exercise routine got thrown way off by holidays/work stuff/sickness so I hope you all forgive a much softer bod in the giftwrapped set...	SOFT PRESENT	It's gonna be a squish present for sure	others
6554	This is very dumb	Great take. I agree.	Thank you	others
6555	Who wins and why?	Blocked	Lmao I gotta hear ppl reasons	others
6556	and wondering if you could make something custom for me. Looking for the first badge to say “I Climbed” on the first line and the second be editable by me	"Hi Chris, thanks for purchase. You mean ""In wanderlust we trust""? Okay, i can do it for you. How can I contact you for further chat?"	You can email me at chris@veign.com and I’ll send over a quick mock-up of what I want. You have some very cool artwork	others
6557	supreme BOGO crewnecks trading around $700 5 hours after the drop  at this point I'm never surprised by anything. Honestly maybe even a little low.	i can't believe people still go crazy over supreme. i feel like it's played out by now	Problem is. You talk to old Cali skater Bros with grown kids now and they say it was played out in 2000. The only thing hat remains constant is if kids have their parents credit cards, supreme will move merch	others
6558	It's thursday, right? are we having an allergy hour or are we all very busy with christmas stuff going on?	These were my ef & df cakes to help school save polar bears!	ooh, very impressive! my egg free cakes always looked a bit sad, and tasted rank. am a hit and miss baker! Yours look yummy!	others
6559	We gotta go ride	Rn I’ll take out my bike?	Mines in the shop waiting for Ruben to fix it lol	others
6560	is Office 365 still coming to the Mac App Store this year? Attempt #4 to get this answered.	Hey, Mark! We hear you. Check out our Roadmap for the latest updates: .	"I don't see any mention of the Mac App Store on the ""Mac"" platform updates. I am cancelling my Office 365 subscription today because of the lack of transparency and how long it took to get an any kind of response. Google Docs and will suit me just fine."	others
6561	Happy birthday to me	Happy birthday	Thank you!	others
6562	Sooooo technically Captain America will be 100 years old next year in the new movie?	Almost 101. His D.O.B is 4th July 1918	Oh right right......makes sense	others
6563	Congratulations to Benedict Cumberbatch on his Golden Globe nomination for his performance in Patrick Melrose!	Well deserved, it was an amazing production	A very tough category, I hope he wins	others
6564	He can't miss hell	He can't miss his period	True talk	others
6565	Why always the cheapest booze?	And I get blocked for commenting on a fictional character, while this gobshite wishes people dead!	If you were as famous as our dung heap...... It's probably because very few people understand what the idiot is talking about	others
6566	Why the actual fuck is Will Smith the first person on YOUtube we see in the rewind.	Because it aint YOUtube anymore. It's a hollywood wank off branch.  Kind of funny that this is what the Fresh Prince has been reduced to after his subpar film has seemed to have finally petered out.  The best he can do is motivational BS.	I. LOVE. Will Smith.  I do. But goddamn needs to focus on the YOU part, not multibillionaire celebrities that had ZERO to do with bringing them up into common household names.	others
6567	My daddy said i think im famous in my head...maybe lmao	You’re just a joke!	Wow and to think i was going to let you lead my entourage	others
6568	I’m going to see another movie. I am the only person in the theater and really don’t want some asshole showing up 5 min before it starts and ruining this moment for me	I HATE THAT. Like, I’m already settled into emoting loudly in this theater ALONE. Don’t come up as the previews start and ruin my vibe.	The other day some woman came rushing in as the movie had started and stepped all over me getting to a seat apologizing loudly and then taking 15 min to take her coat off, swinging her arms.	others
6569	I need plans for this weekend	Study	I just got one more exam, I already aced my others	others
6570	H@HTeam Xmas meal	Liquid meal?! Where’s the food?	Food is probably being served now. I only went for the drink.	others
6571	BIG FUCKING FACT LMFAO LMFAO!	Girl, especially the dudes! WEIRD ASS INDIVIUDUALS!	LMFAO omg I’m hollering. especially in Sacramento..... shame the bay is far worst too. Let’s go international and find us some exotic men lmao	others
6572	What’s in the water in America? Because you are alll stewpid over deer	Keep quiet	Add yourself to the list to	others
6573	Rounds is for people who like to please they significant others....not u selfish ass niglets	Honestly, why wouldn’t he be pleased in the first round?	U ever eat a piece of cake and want some more?	others
6574	$uicideboiiiii	You listen to some shit	You’d love it you bumbaclad	others
6575	Well, this is dialogue I can respect. Do you know who the breakdown and script writers were for today?	I believe it was Lynn Martin.	Actually, from what I can tell, Christopher Dunn and Anne Schoettle. Both of whom are newer to the show.	others
6576	Gm to John only	Stacy boutta read this like welcome home cheater	Lmfao you right	others
6577	Am I the only one seeing glitch lines in people's IG stories?	Meeeee!!! I just saw a post with a big grey line through and like Russian writing	Loooooooool it's peak	others
6578	Pineapple is really underrated and yet it’s a major key	I just wish it came already peeled.	An island lady on YouTube taught me how to do it and my life has since never been the same	others
6579	Some good screenshots	HOW does this keep happening	I am targeted	others
6580	i hope you are all having a good day, if not here’s cute pics of my plants soaking up the sunshine	you’re the softest	I’m soft for you	others
6581	Blessed to see another year! 22	Happy birthday man, I hope you’re still not chasing these hoes have a great one	Thanks bro lol	others
6582	who is he? what does he do?	Honestly, don't know, don't care	More of a general question than a specific request for information for you.	others
6583	Shopping for a good heater day- wish me luck	Im assuming you've already purchased your new heat source. I was going to suggest a Propane heater. They work really well!	I can’t have that on board a boat unfortunately	others
6584	This guy just walked up to a girl at the library and said “wow haven’t talked to you in awhile, since you ghosted me” lmao yikes. poor sir	Ballsy move	1. Why did I just now follow you on twitter and 2. If that would have been me I would have said “Ope sorry”	others
6585	I’m so done. There’s no way my dumbass will graduate on time. So much for seeing Cam and Seb	Wait what happened?	I’m really behind in math and have no chance of being done in time to graduate and when I graduated I was going to Toronto to hang w cam and hopefully Seb	others
6586	It was bound to happen - the journal article on	So when you go far North, I believe in Lapland there's a population that is indigenous called Sami - I was wondering if they are seen as white, or Finnish, even?	They're in that ambiguous position where they're the Ur-Finns - possibly the first speakers of a Finnic language in the region - yet have suffered repression, discrimination, exploitation of their region in much the same way as Native Americans, except less violently.	others
6587	can i submit multiple clips?	yeah submit as many clips as possible	ty but its not like i have that many clips Just wondering	others
6588	um.. Question... why is black panther in the drama category and the favorite isn’t.. who-	First Reformed too	don’t even remind me about first reformed!! it deserves so much	others
6589	I'm just spamming Twitter out of boredom lol	Spam me instead	No u spam me	others
6590	Rip peep, your music helped me through alot and I love you	How do you check that?	I just googled Spotify wrapped and found a link in one of the articles	others
6591	Who’s the sound engineer for zathu?	Sound is atrocious	Hope they fix it, by the way i had to check the dictionary for the meaning of the word	others
6592	19 people helped into accommodation since 1st August. 3 reconnected , 10 new clients this month.	Great work Jess	Very lucky to have a very proactive landlord liaison team!  Interesting exploring in PRS accommodation for a few , successful	others
6593	can I be yo shoes?	My shoes ?	Yee so I can be wit you every step of the way	others
6594	Dr.Phil never fails to make me cry. He is such a compassionate man.	Nah you ever see that video when he came at everyone’s life I gotta find it and send it to you	I need to see this	others
6595	No matter what you face...ALWAYS know that no one understands your heart like Jesus! He not only reads the feelings that are embedded within the heart; but He takes hold of the heart and holds it close to His, while He works to make all things new! Thank you Jesus!!	Amen! To that praise the Lord!	Amen...thanks for sharing! Blessings Leon!	others
6596	Why does Twitter think I should follow Snoop Dogg?	LAUGH OUT LOUD Stuff like this makes this site worthwhile!!	NOW it's suggesting Mahmoud Ahmandinejad!!! Wow, cuz I'm all about Persian dick-tators.	others
6597	yall really wanted me to STARVE	Bitch I said P I Z Z A	lis really dont care about me i see how it is	others
6598	If u wnna make your own jewelry just go on google and hit evey other jeweler in houston to make it for u lmao?? Ariaco does it?? So does my ex	Wait what hahhahaha	These fake middlemen jewelers be out here claiming they even wear real gold sis hit my bitch kartik up, hes coming back like the 3 wise men with REAL gold	others
6599	I WONDER WHICH PARENT HE TAKES AFTER	Omg what a cutie!! I can't believe this is the first picture I've seen I've been following for years on Tumblr!!	Thanks!! There’s so many more where that came from	others
6600	EU ESTOU A TER UMA MENTAL BREAKDOWN	Super book super rock em vez de alive este ano	Sure thing	others
6601	Yo when you sorting out this outage?	My daughter just said her Internet has just come back on	I will check mine then. Thank you for letting me know	others
6602	im talking to this suoer nice guy but HES 28	Oh LORD	I KNOW dw he knows my max is 23 we jus talkin BUT HES SO NICE UGHHHHHHHH	others
6603	Cops flex harder than anyone in these pics lmfaaao	Dayummm...they fought the real fight	They wanna be gangsters so bad	others
6604	No trailer today? Sad.	Cancelled by	I will stab you, Jon.	others
6605	Too many people gone RT this lol but i feel you lol	Facts lmaooo I’m looking like I know y’all ALL ain’t good people now	u know everybody good people on here	others
6606	This...you... You were a man?	Waist down looks reeeeally weird.	Lol I didn't look there, I focused on the face and tits	others
6607	can i please take the time to thank and appreciate:                     thank you that’s all thanks for making me happy and all. thats it soft moment over	charlie why would you make me smile this much while i was drinking my iced coffee i nearly spat some out because i was smiling so much	wow iced coffee too an intellectual :,). but that was my goal helya but question how. did you. spit ice coffee out. whilst s m i l i n g	others
6608	ntm it has more music. i swear spotify doesnt have shit	didn't they just get infinite's discography kdjdjd	probably like i swear before i had apple music i tried to use it and it had none of my playlist, i was pissed	others
6609	I take one day off running and convince myself this is how it is, I’ve automatically lost all fitness, will never run again, gonna become really lazy and have to buy skinny tea and cut out all carbs can u relate or just me?!?!xox	Do sit ups, makes me feel better hahah	That’s a good shout! Abs of steel coming right up	others
6610	// I think Neo is actually confirmed mute. Given how she reacted to Cinder saying ‘ let’s talk ‘	//I think it's selective.	// I don’t think so. Because even in fights, she doesn’t do much as grunt like most people do in fights.	others
6611	You think Pete is the problem? After all he has done to Ariana? After accepting a sexual assault on Ariana and talking about? After what he did to Mac? Lol you serious?	He didn’t even do anything	Pete is disgusting. I hate him.	others
6612	We have decided to swerve the Xmas jumpers and do a tribute to were we all used to get our Christmas clobber these sweatshirts will be available to pre order from 8 tonight	Hi.Will you be doing a t shirt of this design too.	Yes mate	others
6613	Social media's Insta:j.t.bitch SC:its_jt1 New backup account:	Thxs brother	Welcome	others
6614	Any suggestions on what to do since my Fantasy football team is on playoff bye week???	Y’all have byes? I won my division and finished 10-3 but we don’t do bye weeks	Damn that sucks ... u gotta get something for all your hard work .. division winner on each side gets bye week .. espn ff	others
6615	i really want to be happier	I feel you	i’m so tired of pretending to be fine because i’m not	others
6616	Being on placement, working and writing assignments literally drains the life out of me	Student nurse life is not the one	Hahahaha!! Working 6 12 hours n getting paid for 2 is far from the dream	others
6617	I sometimes wonder if Socrates was the Pordan Jeterson of his day: - Personality cult - Caters to young privileged men - Actually kind of dumb despite sounding smart - Enemy of the people (corrupts the youth) - Followers explain away his bad features	Peterson wouldn’t drink the hemlock though, sadly. He’d escape and go on another book tour.	Maybe Plato sold us a lie! (Diogenes Laertius tells us that other Socratics criticised Plato for writing things that Socrates never said. So there’s precedent. Besides, the Crito is much more about Plato than it is about Socrates.)	others
6618	A beautiful article discussing LGBTQ representation in anime, how far we’ve come, and how far we’ve yet to go.	I know I’m speaking for a lot of people when I say this, so thank you David for all the great work you’ve done for the LGBTQ+ community in the world of anime, both as a director and as a public figure. I’m very excited to see what the future has in store	Thank you so much! I see this as the most important thing in which I’ve ever yet participated. My Tribe is My Mission.	others
6619	connect 4 or wordhunt chall for $1000 anyone	U would never	which one link let's go	others
6620	It won't let me onto spotify wrapped :/	Gotcha. Just to confirm, does clearing your cache/cookies help? Keep us updated /ML	No, I cleared everything in my browsers and it didn't help at all :/	others
6621	Just heard the news about a girl of 18 years old who’s boyfriend abuse’s her is pregnant.Jade and I tried to help and advise her,but she wouldn’t listen.She know’s my door is forever open	People can never reason with sometimes shiv but your both good uns	We tried to tell her.She said to Jade that it’s all she’s known.I tried to talk to her and tell her.I got the police involved,but they didn’t do enough.She knows my door is always open and I text her a lot too	others
6622	I’m at 40% to 94 on my stretch do you guys think I can hit it by Sunday?	Bring em out I’ll get on my rebounding rim	I’m at work. I’m probably finna grind career until 70% tonight	others
6623	Babygirl look so good “I oughta put you on a plate and SOP you up with a biscuit!” Name that movie!!What a BabeJust WOWCongratulations on the article, that’s awesome!	Hey, Chebie!	Hey Sweetie	others
6624	i choose to interpret this as self-care advice for doppo	riou like... canonically used to make dinner for dice before he joined fling posse so it wouldn’t surprise me if he intended this as self care advice lmao	riou is such a goodboy how'd he end up in mtc	others
6625	We’re glad to report that Mum made it back to the safety of our home WiFi	And it’s not going to be fixed until sometime tomorrow too it’s a disaster	Dad’s our & about locally to us & says he’s got data. It’s the end of days	others
6626	I was waiting for Big Tim to tweet something dumb	Uh they are #6 buddy facts are optional for you though clown lol.	Lmfaoooooo there are many recruits still in play for them and us bro. They’ll probably end up with a higher rated class than us when all is said and done	others
6627	hi i'm selling a section 1 row 7 ticket for jingle ball wednesday the 12th. dm me if interested!!	lets swap	try again sweat	others
6628	Tin roof Ice cream >> any other ice cream	Big facts	You know what’s up	others
6629	Been Christmas shopping for my ten mo daughter with her. I feel this is fine, she has no concept of Christmas yet (thankfully!) but was told I was “mean” and “spoiling the surprise”. Am I a grinch?!	Erm no?! Who would say that? When Harry was little I got him a high chair for Christmas. It was Stokke but still that is way more grinchy than your daughter seeing her Christmas presents.	That is smart christmasing. She may be getting a new car seat for her first birthday though!	others
6630	Who Needs Haskins More?	think he’ll be a dolphin, jags trade up for lock	Dear God no he'll be coming to the best team in Florida	others
6631	WANTED: An experienced campaign manager. Bakersfield CA23 area. American citizen contemplating taking on a corrupt political party and it's house leader who bows to a corrupt President. Serious inquiries only. Direct Message. Thanks.	Kevin McCarthy needs to be voted out of office! I would contribute also to this cause...!!!	Thanks	others
6632	some people on here are really mean and i’m really sad.	It’s honestly so shitty of them. Specially that they are like that to you :(((( I’m so so sorry that people are bad as they can be but you know what fuck them. Shake it all off. Life becomes so much better when you just focus on the happiness and good things and not the bads.	that’s so true thank you for this	others
6633	I only been messing with whoever fucks with me, I haven't really felt the need to hit anyone up	& when you was gone tell me you was at home ?	IM HOME	others
6634	Struggling to sleep tonight. So I watch	How come	I get like this sometimes. Usually when I've got too much happening. I fell asleep for 3 hours though. At least that's better than no sleep.	others
6635	*sweats*  tagged me in this, so now I've gotta spread this post. I'm tagging:                   aaaand	Precious bean and a lovely member of the Glitter Nation! A true friend and very grateful for you!	Thank you! Happy to be a proud member, and I hope to keep supporting in the future	others
6636	Tech or consumer Twitter, is this a new scam? Obviously we never paid for Microsoft “technical support.”	been around for a bit	Thanks. First time I’ve seen it.	others
6637	I've ordered my food for our Christmas do tomorrow night. I've gone for the liver patè, the rib of beef and the Christmas pudding. Hopefully on separate plates. There's going to be an interesting session in the lavvy on Saturday. Then again what's new?	"More ""combustables"" Lil???"	Everything falls into that category when I've wolfed it down , tbh.	others
6638	Are people really trying to sell the backend of Cano’s deal by saying the NL is going to implement the DH?	I don't think it's trying to sell it so much as saying there's a pretty good chance they can hide him there the last two years.	I highly doubt there’s going to be a DH in the NL	others
6639	My total time clocked for Super Smash Bros. for Wii U/3DS is 575 hours and 47 minutes. Spent almost triple the time on	0:18 minutes of the demo wow	That's average time, my guy	others
6640	Just told my momma that all I want for Christmas is a new vacuum cleaner. And I’m actually serious.	Girrrrrl, there was a good one on sale for $39 on Black Friday (didn’t have cash then so now also asking for a new vacuum cleaner for Christmas lol)	Oh shoot I wish I had of payed some attention I would have definitely gotten it!	others
6641	Thanks for the ecard your calendar is in the post, happy Christmas	Les can you take some nice sheep photos for me!!	No problem, I'll probably get some funny looks though	others
6642	Won’t be posting my Spotify roundup of the year as I am an embarrassment and don’t want everyone to know just how heavily the pussycat dolls featured	An iconic move on your part to be proud of and exhibited to the world	I honestly dunno whether to be impressed or ashamed	others
6643	Am I seeing this right	Some women was on good morning Britain saying summa like in the video the bloke like harrasing the women	Mate it’s a Xmas song I duno why everyone cries about it wasn’t all this bullshit last year man	others
6644	Got the beast up and running!!!	And what graphics card?	It’s my streaming pc. Have a 1050ti in it.	others
6645	I am back! 2 flights, 20hrs+ of flying and I'm back in Australia Kinda sad tbh haha, I always hate leaving Europe. But I'm happy to have Mr HeySofia and the girls back	welcome home! and get some sleep :)	I tried haha. I got about 4 and a half hrs which I think is good. I'm still on European time so my daytime is when it's night here haha.	others
6646	Again.... reminder. It's NEVER EVER wake up Monday and trans by Friday. The waiting lists in the UK are so long. Trans adults and trans kids are suffering due to lack of support.	In these circumstances, regardless of optics issues, DIY absolutely needs to be more widely proliferated within the UK trans community	I won't comment on this particular subject. Not my place at all. I have to leave it in the hands of the trans community.	others
6647	Please start to care about her. Ditch the dairy for her. Start using one of the many, tasty, nutritious dairy-free milks today.	Her face.	Utterly heart breaking. The poor little soul	others
6648	2 has the best, 3rd or 4th best, best shooter ever, and one of the most underrated players ever. 2 easily	2 doesn’t have LeBron...?	What’s your point	others
6649	Rock or Rocky are the only nicknames you’re allowed to call me if you’re not my family, anything else will be ignored. PERIODTTT.	Rocketier	Lmao I’ll take it	others
6650	Uber has a credit score. Would it be totally off the wall to suggest that it is the beginning of getting people used to the Credit Score System? Most people that take Uber just do it, no questions asked...	Not just uber we all use various sites that have a similar system when booking hotels or any public service airbnb etc ...	Breaking us in...slowly, but surely. Like the analysis of the frog in the boiling water. (imo)	others
6651	Sydney and I have been at war with for almost a week now. run us our cookies!!	Last year, they consistently did not deliver my cookies and I kept getting refunds. It happened like three times and I haven’t ordered from them since. Smh.	W-o-w. They need to stop playing it’s finals season and we already on edge	others
6652	hey man a few of my caws got corrupted n had to delete n start downloading them again anyway could you upload LAX again please	I lost them too when my save corupt, sorry man	Ah shit, sorry to hear you're having shit with this game too. Ok that's cool cheers anyway man	others
6653	Got a massive pizza and a bottle of Port with mince pies for afters. Don’t know who I think I am.	Port	I love it. Makes me feel so Christmassy!	others
6654	Watch	My highlight of 2018 is discovering the wonderful show	So happy to hear this show was such a happy discovery for you this year! We appreciated your lovely comments about both and its amazing cast, and we are sending well wishes for a great 2019 right back to you :)	others
6655	Le price ya teng e beautiful waitsi yhuuu	Ska bolela	It hacks me every time I go shopping with my sister yhuuu	others
6656	That windmill still my favorite in game dunk I done seen	No lies told that was amazing !	Bruh got too much bounce	others
6657	@ my mutual going to the concert on saturday: have you prepared your cameras and or any other devices that take (hq) videos and photos? if not, this is your first reminder. you are: welcome	My phone is ready for Saturday!	THAT'S WHAT I WANTED TO HEAR	others
6658	Raaasssstttttaaaaaa magic!	My sister be drinking kava with the mango naked juice	Then it must have Red me dead in it.	others
6659	It’s supposed to be freezing and raining tomr night but I’ve had my outfit for cojo planned for over a week so if you see me in shorts tomr night Mind your business	I’ll be hyping you up	Might get pneumonia but I’m wit it	others
6660	“From the outside looking in my life looks perfect, except it isn’t. No-ones is.” It’s been a long night...	I end up making notes about my books till 3am when this happens, last few nights I have been slipping into a relapse and sleep is getting harder. Lonely times at night, good that you are sharing, I’ll follow you on Wordpress! Ikm on there too, KTKingBooks, 25 years of CFS/ME/fbro	Time seems to stretch at night but can also be productive. I’ll search for your blog - thanks	others
6661	I too am huge nerd and not engaged and therefore need this now pls.	BUT BUT have you seen the earrings? cause I love them even more. One is glasses and one is a lightning bolt.	Nooooo send me link!!	others
6662	"Indigenous Affairs Minister Richard Feehan delivers statement chastising UCP for not asking him a single question during the fall session. Says this shows where their priorities lie. ""You're silence is defeaning."""	I’m pretty sure he didn’t some how annunciate “you’re” when he said that haha. Honest mistake, just funny	Oops. Yes, My Grade 4 English teacher wouldn't be impressed	others
6663	I’M GLAD YOU SAID IT CAUSE I LOOK LIKE A “HATER” IF I SAY IT..... if you’re not a personal trainer, what’s the point???	someone got mad at me just now for my opinion. Don’t get me wrong nowadays we post everything so I get posting it but EVERYDAY? What’s the point?	Same ASS workouts every single day. Got damn man, we got it already.	others
6664	guys are trash	You must be a guy then	sorry i’m not a guy i don’t live in a trash can where my ex are	others
6665	hey all! We're currently talking about options for backing up the dsvb on a dif platform over on tumblr. Do any of you feel strongly about this in any way?	I get that you mean Due South but vb?	the due south virtual bar, the comm over on tumblr (& to some extent lj)! It's not super active anymore so I wasn't sure if anyone would think it was worthwhile to back it up, but there does seem to be some interest in preserving the comm/finding a new platform	others
6666	You sure are knowledgeable about sports! I enjoyed your talking about it with Kevin.	Thanks! I love sports!	Yes! I sure can tell. I think it makes for a better anchor; being knowledgeable!	others
6667	Try watching real news	You are going to be so confused when this is over. Great tip man. Great	Keep drinking the koolaid man	others
6668	do y’all understand how fucking happy I am? I met Zelo AND Changkyun?! I truly wish everyone can meet those people who mean the world to them	You DESERVED every moment queen	Thank you my love	others
6669	Retwitto solo su chiedo venia, mi dispi	Pensavo di essere l'unica, menomale aahahahh	Tranquilla you're not alone darling	others
6670	Set up a new account  If you lived during the 80's or like 80's stuff then give it a follow as going to be some stuff you remember might be stuff that you don't	Tell AMC he’s nagged someone else into a follow	Oh he knows	others
6671	preciso tanto de falar e sinto que não tenho ninguém	Tens a mim	love you <33	others
6672	What’s the matter with everyone?! Mercury in retrograde?	Twunts galore, is it a full moon as well ?	Probably. I’m in a foul mood but it’s justified	others
6673	I hate Cardi B’s voice	Sound like she got a swollen tongue	And high pitched, loud, and a whollatta NAW	others
6674	I am much more inclined to believe a conspiracy theory I hear online than anything a public school teacher has to say	Cro Magnons genocided the Neanderthals because they were too machiavelic and were always tricking them with their superior brainpower Jews have the msot Neanderthal DNA of all races	I believe it	others
6675	Brahmas pulled out a tough one against a gritty PSJA team 73-66. Started slow but played better in the 2nd half and finished the game. Raz Garcia led the way with 20 points hitting 5 3’s. Nest up is Alamo Idea at 4:30. 7-2	Next*	Next* My bad. thank u jake!	others
6676	Forget	Nooooo! Hadn’t they bought a puppy?!!	Yep. Buying a dog too soon D. It’s an issue. We love issues.	others
6677	L O L i am the queen of this.	That was sooo me when i graduated	I miss you	others
6678	i got hired for the first time as an AD for a tv show shooting in Havana Cuba!!! so ready for this next chapter of being blood sweat and tears have gone into my pursuit of this	Go baby!! So proud of you	thank u my angel	others
6679	So Now what	The other bleach movies	There's so many though	others
6680	Welcome to the Dutch museum Just incredibly happy with my cabinets to display my	Is there an entry fee?	Ofcourse not	others
6681	The prawns are so hot - it's making me sweat like a frustrated sex pest.	Pussy!	I underestimated Sainsbury's hot chilli powder.	others
6682	It kills me when I graciously lend a hand & they wanna take my foot too...byyyye.	Good and bad part of giving..	Thank u! You too!!	others
6683	Been time for a looong time. But let's be honest:	Tricky terrain here. Is this now the official editorial position or stance of The Sprawl? What's the line between reportage and advocacy? (BTW, I also happen to think WBW has become increasingly strident and I've lost a lot of respect--but that's neither here nor there.)	Good Qs. Tricky terrain indeed—that's journalism in 2018. Would argue that if we're not in tricky terrain we're abdicating our responsibility. We generally don't do opinion, but sometimes things need to be said. (Perhaps better said in a full editorial/column, rather than tweet.)	others
6684	Joons dog is so underrated that I forgot he had a dog	What about yoongis dog? We saw min holy in 2015 and never again	That’s facts	others
6685	Anyone wanna help me write a repost on how radiation damages DNA, how the reparation process takes place and how, if done incorrectly, the repetition can lead to cancer cells being produced??  Why did I sign up for this? (It is very fascinating though, can’t deny that)	If I had the time I would love to :(	It’s okay, you already have so much to do! ♡	others
6686	get you a friend who’s not into bts but let’s you talk about them for hours	i love you you’re so cute and you could talk to me about nonsense for three hours and i’d still listen to you	omg i love you	others
6687	Man is shamelessly broadcasting he turned on Conte. Lmaoo sick fanbase	Who didn’t in January/feb after 2018 freak.	Everyone who doesn’t sucks eggs and knows the board is the antagonist?	others
6688	joined  head of media	Congrats son	thanks bro	others
6689	Have to question the logic of providing more and more car parking at stations - giving it away for free and still not even wanted. This is Clayton in the middle of a weekday. And that's just reason #1 it's a bad idea	A good thing about car parking is that it is relatively inexpensive to repurpose to higher value uses.	In theory yes, in practice not really. If people use it, then once it is established it’s very difficult to change use (politically)	others
6690	Every	these guys are nuts, it's gotta be down-filled! what is the equivalent cross-seasonal version for women in ???	ooh that is a good question I wear Chacos too early and too late in the year, but not ALL year-round... I don't know that there is an equivalent	others
6691	say something nice	My bro	im not a bro :(	others
6692	Lmaaaaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Godforbid	I thought people said she is a changed human being with a soft heart	Lmao indeed	others
6693	Panera plays the type of music that you’d hear in a living bowl of wild rice soup.	Never been to a panera but loving the visuals	The music sounds like (I heard) like a bowl of wild rice soup CAME TO LIFE and learned how to play the guitar and wants to soothe you.	others
6694	just invited my grandma to my uni graduation and she told me to buy her a ticket to the beach instead I’m—	It’s a ticket to *RISD beach	ahahah but actually!!	others
6695	This eptic Era remix	Holy fuck this remix is nasty af	Man eptics sound design always stays on top. He’s a king	others
6696	What is a Foley artist,	Folks that make audio effects for movies.	"ahh, I like what they do, good movies are always made better with good sound, have a look and listen to ""Locke"" with Tom Hardy."	others
6697	LOOOOOL Fiat 500 Twitter in disarray. josh and kaz were the real winners after all	What drug you call this chief? , I need that	Man this must be that Walter white crystal myth. I ain’t felt this since England lost in the semis	others
6698	WHATS HAPPENING LHMYGOD IM CRYING	OMG CONGRATS UWU	THANK YOU !! ILY	others
6699	maybe if i didn’t touch my face so much my skin would love me you know what? it’s ok	can u not	i’m sry	others
6700	since I put that blank on my display name now let’s see who remembers, what’s my name whores???	Taylor!	I LOVE YOU	others
6701	if Rovers pick up Jack Byrne and, if rumours are true, Joe Gormley and Paul Heatley then I don't think I could get much more confident about next season	Going to be hard to manage when you have about 5 or 6 decent players not even on the bench most weeks.	Very true, having too much quality isn't the worst problem to have	others
6702	does anyone remember when would actively ignore me (still does) and i used to call her galy?	i’ve been appreciating u from a distance but i think it’s time to reel it back in, please start calling me galy again.	a distance?? why only a distance?? yes, reel it back in, galy!!	others
6703	Lol	Drop her	she dropped me before i could :/	others
6704	I have the best friends in the world xxxxx	Love you baby	Love u Alex baby xx	others
6705	how is liza in yt rewind but not david like i love the girl but she’s not even posted in 9 months? david literally got 46 million views on a video this year !!	David not being in it is probably because he said no ? If they just didn't asked him to be in it, it wouldn't make sense since he has a big audience	i doubt he would have said no to something as big as that, maybe he did but youtube favours the kid friendly channels a lot so	others
6706	Commission for my good friend !!! It'll be on a shirt/merch on his RedBubble sometime later, so look out for that	With both background colors or just one of them? Cause I like both of them but that purple one is eyeing me	Purple is just to show what it looks like with a bg! The other one is transparent :3	others
6707	I officially signed my lease and move in to my place next Friday	WTF	I'm having a heart attack lmao	others
6708	Worth it at thrice the price	Pretty sure I’ve slept on this. Not anymore. That’s a great price.	Oh man you’re in for a good time	others
6709	What if Jack and Dani’s relationship was all a show so they could win love island and get the money !!	You going to Kilarney?	I am boy I’ll see ya in January so	others
6710	Pele Ronaldo Neymar	Wtf no dinho ah	I'm taking Pele out for Dinho ....	others
6711	i was 10ish and he found a leech on a rock in a lake and chewed it up and spit it out	this is not what happened	please enlighten me because it wasn’t like i was right there and saw it happen	others
6712	So ’s tweet.  We appreciate you both so damn much	IM BFNKDJSKD I LOVE YOU BOTH	I CANT EVEN KALI	others
6713	I bought 16 books today. All for me, none as Christmas presents for other people. That’s normal, right?	Only sixteen? Damn, that's tame for a day's work.	I’ll do better in future, I promise	others
6714	Is Not Everybody You Must Have Sex With. Don't Waste Sin.	Is it your sin?	I just want to see you in paradise, that's why.	others
6715	This is why I hate WhatsApp stories. Just opened one and boom, my classmate's wedding pictures. Congrats to her tho. That's not what's paining me sha. The fact that every weekend, one person always makes it a duty to remind me I'm old and my mates are getting married.	You are not old. Don't stress yourself dear	Lol. Thanks	others
6716	Ok it's Friday so I'm going to do my first inane poll in weeks	I'm excited. I feel like I'm making a difference, ya know?	It's super important	others
6717	Busyyyy day today	Me too. Just keep us all posted	I’ll try to come on as much as I can	others
6718	Rt if the girl on the right is as beautiful as the girl on the left	I'm not trying to be shady but it's been 3 hours, and no retweets.	i wanted to add that she is not beautiful but i did it out of respect...she deserves a boost of confidence....movie megatron is such an ugly gremlin, but hes still a mother at heart	others
6719	Ppl think me leaving em alone means I don’t care. I care enough to let you get your shit where it needs to be and not distract you from it. I can’t fix your issues for you. When you get there we can match up.	Big mood at this stage of my life now.	It’s very necessary.	others
6720	Cool I hate it	??	This weather I miss autumn	others
6721	My supervisor and her assistant both left early for the day.... should I follow their lead?	A duh	Man it be just my luck as soon as i leave early one of them call my phone lookin for me. Imma just chill.	others
6722	Good morning everyone in Jamieland. Wishing you all a very happy and safe Thursday.	Hi, Joan!!.. I hope youre having a great Thursday!! mmuuaa	Hi Paula. Thank you. Mostly a quiet day; very cold & gray. Hope you're having a good day my friend.	others
6723	I accidentally liked it	Same bruh I quickly took my like back like	Perhaps we as army share one braincell	others
6724	In today's episode of design done right, check out the way	Wow... that's actually really awesome. Well done.	Right?! Tells me a lot about their design team and values.	others
6725	Bro this fucking anime is beautiful man I could probably watch it forever and never get tired of it	which	Clannad, it's just incredible brother. It'll make you happy, laugh and cry but the meaning behind it all is simply beautiful words cannot describe it	others
6726	Gonna pick up Super Smash Bros Ultimate later tonight and I can't wait! I'm super hyped!!! Who else is getting it?!	Yo.	All I have to get is online now!	others
6727	Because it is not your damn business what another woman wants to wear?!? Is this a joke?!?	They never buy for you one and they criticize as shyyt	Unbelievable ...I cringe!	others
6728	How old would you be if you didn’t know the day you were born...Toby Keith	huh?	Touching song by Toby Keith and used in Clint Eastwood’s new movie.	others
6729	I was not expecting that.	okra is also in my top hahaahah	Note to 2019 artists : mention Timothée Chalamet in your work and I will pay attention	others
6730	If anyone needs any counselling or a hug because you’ve got no data, go fuck yourselves you soft spoilt pricks	Are you working for O2 in customer relations on the side Steve?	Yes I’m departing comfort to dataless needy people.	others
6731	I'm starting to have I hope to see you guys back behind the bar soon! I'm also ready for a trip back to see my friends in California. I can't wait until August.	If you'll accept a Marc exclusive Q&A then later today I'm your Huckleberry.	Yes! I was stuck working so I missed it. Thanks Will!	others
6732	Mooie docu over Bobby Robson op Netflix. Alleen jammer dat dankzij hem AZ de UEFA Cup finale van ‘81 verloor van Ipswich.	5.5.2005 is aan deze kant nog steeds een open wond Kees.	Don’t mention the war..!	others
6733	: sell rallies and buyback your shorts.	What about gold?	a dysfunctional market.	others
6734	me, who doesn’t have facial hair watching a video about the best ways to shave your beard because i have no motivation to write this report	Well that’s a good Christmas present you can shave me thanks!	only if i can give you a mohawk too?	others
6735	Who else doesn’t know how to use fancafe	I made an account months ago, completely didn't understand it so I got scared and deleted it	Im so stupid, i dont even know how to make a account	others
6736	You appear to have voted for Brexit, and your local conservative MP. What did you think you were voting for?	This question can wait for another day Rob. The man's got bigger problems today.	A lot of people have this problem. We’re all just one misfortune from needing the safety nets that were hard earned and so easily voted away	others
6737	Hello I've messaged you a few times about the cockroach in my plant but no response!?	What sort of plant may I ask?	A hyacinth	others
6738	Such glorious scenery for my walk today.	Absolutely beautiful!	Thank you. I thought that I posted it before, but, obviously, it didn’t work. So I redid it today.	others
6739	How many trees are in one pack?	Hahahaha mugu	This your price e dey soften wallet	others
6740	Is the emergence of a new discipline a - Leading indicator? (the new discipline enables rallying and explicitly different thinking)  - Lagging indicator? (the new discipline is just a codification of a change that has already happened)	Maybe a lagging indicator of the shape it will take & type of impact it will have, but a leading indicator of realizing that impact on wide scale?	Now I have so many questions. So the meta-question is: has anybody studied this?	others
6741	Ben Shapiro :)	Bitch, what did I just say?	Hahaha, its the internet, telling someone not to do something makes them only want to do it more, but, a non mainstream youtuber? would be my choice.	others
6742	yehyuk coffee shop au and it's just hyukjae going to yesung's café daily, watching him roasting beans, melting chocolate, grounding ginger, mixing spices and milks for hours in the silence of his almost empty café	maybe i love this	it's like asmr but with yesung	others
6743	Paging	Holy crap. That’s exactly the same as mine!	Too bad about all the miles! :-)	others
6744	I spent some time at the start of the year devising a conlang, specifically designed to be more complex and counterintuitive than Old Irish. I wrote a fair bit of text in it. I've just looked at it after four months and it's completely opaque. Can't understand a word.	didn't you do this exact same thing last month?	Might well have done!	others
6745	Y’all, last year I sent out Christmas cards and my dumb ass put my address as the delivery address and they legit put them back in my mailbox. I was pissed.	LOLLLL this is so you tho	Haha I did not resend them I was so pissed	others
6746	what’re your guys’ thoughts on pizza puffs?	they’re good as fuck lol that’s about it	Hell yes!!!! They need to be selling em more, hard to find a good pizza puff nowadays	others
6747	me && hector	I miss you	i miss you more come over friday if you ain’t doing nun	others
6748	ordered a bikini from zaful on thursday and it arrived today. i was so nervous they’d take like a month	Hayi nyani??	yes, i’m so happy	others
6749	Wishful thinking?	Thoughts on this? Ive seen both reactions.	It's WaPo probably fake news	others
6750	No Dive..... No Problem! I got these long dancers that'll get ya!	Innovative! Genuinely cool to see a rope spot which isn't a suicide dive for the billionth time	I'm a trail blazer	others
6751	My left indicator isn’t working.  Every time I turn left, I am the very person I always complain about	Do the right thing...	Haha eish it’s just been a busy week... and now I wanna see if I can fix it myself	others
6752	Only reason Drake is on there is cause I listened to SICKO MODE at least a hundred times. Other then that this seems very accurate lol	Love the stir fry at the bottom, makes me think this is so kind of crazy menu lol	It’s very delicious	others
6753	Dear fans, Holly suddenly had fits on Weds night that didn’t respond to treatment. She had to be sedated to stop them, every time the sedation stopped she had another. They think she had a brain tumour. It was awful & she had to be put to sleep. It's so sad & I miss her	So sorry to here this Anne. Thoughts are with you. Lovely HollyDog will be missed	Really sorry Alex, I missed your lovely message. Looking forward to seeing you on Saturday	others
6754	does anyone know if you can transfer saves on the switch from a physical copy of a game to a digital copy?	You wont have to transfer its the same save	oh that’s good to know!! Thank you!	others
6755	Would one of my lovely British friends consider grabbing me a copy of this. Please? Pretty please with Sherlock on it?	Can do, but I think the cut off for post before xmas has passed, so it would be a new year arrival	That would be fine. I love you!	others
6756	Ooft	That is a very diverse top 5	It’s certainly something	others
6757	my barber was feeling inspired and he cut my hair too short i am about to kill myself	u look good peachy	I LOOK LIKE AN EGG. HUMPTY DUMPTY FOUND JOBLESS	others
6758	Approximately 13 months ago is when Hydra ended. Not exactly 13 months ago though, we'd need another week for it to be exact.	Maybe 9 is for the operation number, and 13 if how many weeks it'll last?	Seems just a touch short for a duration.	others
6759	YES	Tf lol	it’s real	others
6760	Oh hell ye I’m back bitches	Let’s get this bread and make a clan	Let’s get a six I’ll be on in 1h	others
6761	HEEE hee	me now when ive had two glasses of wine	Same except instead of wine it's simple zest for life	others
6762	I go out my way to kick it with people and can’t get the same in return	You’re still on this	Wasn’t referring to you	others
6763	HEY OOMFS who stan twice or nu’est can u reply w your biases so i can start sending u stuff <3	twice jeongyeon (+ jihyo + dahyun) nu'est jonghyun :p	thank !! :3	others
6764	On March 29th 2019 the UK is set to leave the EU. This is being referred to as Brexit Day: ‘B Day’. Sound it out. BIDET.	This did make me laugh! I've sent you on email on something in relation to this (no special bidet designs though, sorry!)	I shall consult!	others
6765	Steal everyone's Christmas!	Interesting !! Why not. Lol	If you run into a replica of a Portal gun, please gimme!	others
6766	MY INTERNET IS SHIT AND STILL HAVENT SORTED OUT THE DATA! WE ARE PAYING MONEY FOR SOMETHING THAT DOESNT WORK, HURRY THE HELL UP AND FIX IT	Comes to something when my pop texts me and I have to use the sodding landline to get back in contact with him	Omg honestly I know the feels. I’m beyond pissed off at this point	others
6767	So sad it’s the last Andi Peters Food Fest it won’t be the same without watching wonderful comedy & fab food bye bye	Thanks Dianne.	Come back very soon Have a fabulous Christmas	others
6768	It amazes me how fast time goes. Can’t believe my little princess will be one in less than a week!	Omg I am gonna cry	I’m on my 6th cry this month. (One for everyday!) lmao	others
6769	I literally, LITERALLY, cannot believe that not a single end of year list I’ve read so far has included ANNIHILATION.	Nick Schager’s’ll have it	I know mine will, too	others
6770	Sick of hearing about 41! If they don’t put that man in the ground already	Girl they had traffic so backed up doing way too much !!!	I saw that mess	others
6771	I walked past about 15 girls at the gym blasting “thank you, next” on their headphones....2019 is going to be a tough year for you boys	Watch, you’re about to get famous bc of this tweet	should I drop the link to my SoundCloud now?	others
6772	ITS GONNA TAKE SOME TIME TO REAAAAALIIIIIIIIIZE	THE LYRICS ARE REALIGN NO REALIZE	I GREW UP SINGING REALIZE	others
6773	do it coward	excuse u it’s a NO!	I'm gonna get my friends to harass you until you post your art JUST YOU WAIT	others
6774	so I thought the family dinner at Marion's was just a get-together but it turns out it's my separate christmas again with my foster family this year so I'm not invited to actual christmas, 20 years in a row, get lit	Why aren’t you invited to your foster families Christmas	Bc my bio grandma doesnt want to move around her christmas so I can go to both. So we just have separate ones each year and then it’s just an awkward 2nd bday party each year of me opening presents	others
6775	I think the first step in this would be to not refer to them as “paper greeks”. As that’s a derogatory term lol	Eh, i disagree lol.	Well alrighty then lmao. Proceed as you were	others
6776	I really miss you all. I miss streaming and talking to all you lovely silly butts. I'm still going through things and pushing through them on my end. But I truly hope that you all are doing amazing and that you're all warm with full hearts this winter ♡	TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF ARTYYYYYY, I MISS YOUUUU ;-; I'M AWAITING YOUR RETURN, YOU CAN DO IT	THANKS ALEX ;; IM DOING MY BEST SO I CAN RETURN SOON ♡	others
6777	BLUE PLANET 2 IS ON NETFLIX o HELL yeah	I’m across the ocean but I’m fairly positive that we had this realization at the same time because I binge watched 3 episodes last night and it was MAGNIFICENT	Isn’t it absolutely incredible??? I was so blown away. The filming, the narration, the MARINE LIFE	others
6778	You wanna turn a woman off fast? Be insecure!	Big ask, that's a lot of niggas default setting	And that’s why they get none.	others
6779	The wintry mix I can do without. But I honestly could do with some really good quality snow here at home. There are so many photo ops with my costumes I would love to do again.	Huh! Y'know, I don't have any pics of my Krampus in snow. That's an oversight. Wonder if there's a day-trippable scenic alpine-esque village I could get him to.	I haven't even seen the guy out for the krampus day. what's up. Or did I derp and not see it	others
6780	99% of the time when someone asks you to guess it they’re a Scorpio Aquarius or Sagittarius. Especially if they’re debating the validity of something, I’d go with sag or Aquarius	none! he’s a summer baby which is why i’d guess either gemini or virgo	Nah I’m betting money he has some of those influences like I refuse to be wrong. He might be a Leo he HAS to be fixed I WILL DIE HERE	others
6781	The War on Sex is real and big surprise, you can thank Silicon Valley nerds.	That war is being fought on two fronts, the far left and the far right.	Yup I talk about this all the time.	others
6782	Listen. Watch Handmaid’s Tale. It’s Pence’s fucking wet dream and it’s terrifying. TERRIFYING. That is all. Praise be.	I started watching it last month. Scary stuff. I keep telling my daughters this could happen.	Completely agree. It def could happen in the not so distant future.	others
6783	SATURDAY @ 10am!!!!! How long have you waited for this?!!!!!!!! Kits are amazing, stock is so smart and accessories coming out our ears Hope to see you all there!!	Do you have the big jackets in ? Asking for	Lol we do indeed	others
6784	Little Richard knew that they wouldnt give him his things so he gives them to himself.	I would still stan him if he didnt say in his later years that being gay was wrong & a sin...	I was disappointed in that too. After all of these years of not GAF and being himself. I do wonder what brought it on.	others
6785	Google Ads- is it worth it?	If done well, yes. More so than Facebook ads.	Really? What does it doooo?	others
6786	look bts fucking owned 2018 and that is the tea	*pretend to be shock*	honestly it’s what they deserve	others
6787	this can’t be accurate i’ve barely listened to any $uicideboy$ this year	6ix9ine	he’s a king	others
6788	Kodak snapped on calling my spirit	Lol fr g	That was my first time playing it he cold for that g	others
6789	Banter club	Relaxxxxxx	Lol I’m still hurting about last night	others
6790	since I put that blank on my display name now let’s see who remembers, what’s my name whores???	It's literally Taylor, how could I forget?	I LOVE YOUU	others
6791	So y’all are bringing migrant puppies into our borders... but teargassing brown kids I. HAVE. TO. LAUGH.	Butthurt Lmao	I just opened your profile... I’ve got so much to work with? I’m not even gonna bother dragging you... you dragged yourself.	others
6792	Me vs the group chat	You really texted only for the tweet wow	You’re the only one not on my shit list rn, don’t fuck it up, go study bye	others
6793	If I don’t do all these things this year I’m going to be mad af	Jesse, would you like the build a gingerbread house?	I mean you going to take me to dinner first?	others
6794	why are people so afraid of new things	"I am conservative in terms of trying new, so many ""what if"" - constantly spoil everything"	Those ‘what if’s are really hamə hanelling	others
6795	It’s been quite nice with the	I went feral in less than an hour.	Hahaha - a life without data	others
6796	So. Yeah. Barring a really bad grade I am done. I did not think I would make it. But I did. Thank you Twinja.	FUCK THAT PROFESSOR HONESTLY	I'm not saying his back problems are caused by the fact that past students have made dolls to push pins in? But. I'm pretty sure that's why.	others
6797	Yeah 75% of the reason I’m adding this to the bad liar playlist is cuz of the title and 25% taekook and Namjin angst	Oh I do love me some Imagine Dragons.	Me tooooo	others
6798	ALESSO BABY	Heroes starts playing**	me: melts in a puddle	others
6799	New Episode! Ducks win their 5th straight, beating Chicago 4-2!  Topics Include: -Sprong's impressive debut -Fowler and Eaves updates -Ducks prospects at the WJC -and MORE! YouTube:  Spreaker:  iTunes:	Loving the graphic intro.	That's handy work! It's an excellent video!	others
6800	Ppl can’t just do a good deed without recording it for clout, shits annoying	Then there'd be no point to do it	That’s what I’m saying lol	others
6801	TF SIMON EMHFXHXH	Argh omg I’m so buzzing for youuuu	I LOVE YOU SM WOW	others
6802	i want a gf but i don't want to download a dating app :/ life is hard	Where do I apply?	you don’t need to apply you’ve got me	others
6803	About to take off. Michigan, Vegas here I come	Safe travels Nate don’t let Sin city get the best of you	I wont! Cant wait to see you	others
6804	***SUGAR JUNKIES***	Thanks David, appreciated as always	SUGAR JUNKIES!! Rising FAST!! Congrats & Cheers! \m/	others
6805	So I just read about elf on the shelf... Issa no go for me	what it say ?! I was gonna do it this year but Samiyah big self scared of it	And sprinkle cinnamon I guess....	others
6806	Remember that Song Wolly Bully ? Or the Joke about the Wolly Bully Bird ?	Can’t say I have	Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs on the song im thinking. The Wolly bully bird joke has been around in Alabama for 50 years its killer ...	others
6807	y'all don't just use last·fm?	I do but it's been fuckin up my scrobbles i think. Like a couple weeks ago, I listened to 4 tracks on an album and it showed up on my 3x3, but it shouldn't have.	yeah tru I would refresh it every once in a while just to see if it was tracking correctly	others
6808	Travis Scott >	this tweet just reminded me that you white.	Woah woah woahthis was a joke lmaoo. I only tweeted this to trigger you (mission complete) but honestly I only listened to Nicki’s album she got few songs on there	others
6809	I greatly underestimated how fucking terrifying this game is in VR	I got motion sickness just watching this, oof	Wait you see how it looks through the headset the hills come at you 3 times steeper	others
6810	I definitely just bought a CD and forgot my car doesn't have a CD player lol	I’ve been buying a lot of CD’s lately lol	I have no use for them anymore lol	others
6811	What should I order from canes ??	Get extra toast	I should’ve	others
6812	what? $25 billion?	Let’s pretend for a moment that if a wall is put up, it will ACTUALLY keep only the bad people out. What is the return on this 25 billion investment?	Wall guaranteeing security is definitely not a sure thing. Also I thought it was $5 billion or $10 billion. Now $25 billion? What happened to “Mexico will pay”	others
6813	Drink and drive	As if you don't still do that lmao	Woah	others
6814	In your 20’s you write because of passion. In your 30’s because it’s what you do. In you’re 40’s because it’s too late to start another career. In your 50’s because of that annoying mortgage. In your 60’s because you have the time.	Currently at the 20s stage...Can I skip all the way to my 60s?	I will take it up with the sub committee	others
6815	I'm streaming Smash tomorrow.	well that escalated quickly	I mean... We all knew where it was headed.	others
6816	تدري إني أبيك وادري إنك تبيني كلنا في حاجة بعضنا لكن طبعنا غرور تدري ودي أجيك وأدري ودك تجيني ياما قصدنا بعضنا من بين السطور	تدرين انه امتحانات الفانيل بعد اسبوعين.	i hate you	others
6817	Really wanna design my own graphic Tees	Do it, you have my support bro	Thanks bro, we'll see what I come up wit lol	others
6818	Been wrapping for ages and still not done. I've just remembered how much I FUCKING HATE WRAPPING. My better appreciate the care and attention to wrapping on these suckers. I kind of want to throw everything in a pit and be done with it already	It looks great ! Love all of your different wrapping papers !	Thank you! I do try haha. Although I must admit I've given up for the night. I'll finish off tomorrow	others
6819	MY STATE HAS LEGAL WEED BUT ZERO ACTUAL CHICK-FIL-A RESTAURANTS	We have 2 in Lansing?	I learned of this moments ago.	others
6820	IDK WHO THIS IS BUT THISNIS SO FUNNYODBDK	This is Kim Byeongkwan of A.C.E!	i see...	others
6821	Omg i need these	Are those mechanical pencil grippers? prty genuiz	They look like it but i think they may be shorter? I cant tell honestly but it is genius af	others
6822	I always say “have a great day” to end work calls and then pause because I want to hear it back. I really be hurt when they don’t say it	have a great day	THANK U BB	others
6823	I get to see in 8 days and that’s the only thing getting me through finals week	Where??	Ohio, it sold out awhile back	others
6824	If your friends let you be broke and don’t push you to do better, get you some new ones	Yes mammmmm	We all eatin’ over here baby	others
6825	I can’t believe people actually willingly watch this show lol	I'm with a bunch of ppl who just watched an episode of it rn and they all think I'm a hater	Omg I only watched two episodes of this show and didn’t continue watching it because it sucks lol	others
6826	i hold grudges to fuck and back , ska tlong test'a	Sis	YOH. being vengeful is in me	others
6827	Happiest birtbday my baby girl	I loveeeee youuuuuuu	Way more bubu	others
6828	okay goodnight it’s 5am here	OH oomf u also GOODNIGHT HEHE	:)) SLEEP SOON NAT	others
6829	I’m that guy that can go on 4 hours of sleep and 500 calories for years on end. But I’ve turned GODMODE on by getting 7 hours of sleep. And eating 2-3k calories. GIVE YOUR BODY ENERGY!!!	Hi Dylan, genuinely asking, how old are you? And at what age did you start to turn your life around?	I’m 24 and started turning my life around at 20	others
6830	I just....	76 text messages... remind me to never get ahold of you in an emergency situation lol	i really am bad at texting back... and socializing	others
6831	While Claire Perry grins like a fucking child's nightmare at a food bank, shows us a hotel room that costs £20,000 a night on Hotel for the Super Rich and Famous. You're suppose to get more conservative in your old age, but I'm getting more and more militant.	You often had to phone British Airways to get whoever was booked in 1A out of that seat so our passenger could have it - particularly on Concorde.	I did my time in customer service, I couldn't go back. Those types of people make me boil.	others
6832	Comments are appreciated as I'm writing this for all Americans!	I am extremely greatful and proud of what you're doing for everyoneMy pain makes it impossible to put my feelings and words together properly and then Im misunderstood. I know U & Ur wife are suffering & I pray that u succeed in this battle and can rest and enjoy lifeThank U	With your prayers, we have already won! Waiting on them to say uncle!!! Much luv, soft hugs and many prayers.	others
6833	imagine if people were really dating based off horoscopes. that is mentally insane	The thing is , a lot of people really are lmao	that’s really nuts, i mean don’t get me wrong i fuck with horoscopes buut people are entirely different from what horoscopes say. there is maybe like one similar trait amongst people but everyone is different.	others
6834	Literally none of my top 5 artists are pop there's something off here	Everyone I’ve seen has gotten pop	My artists are like metal and shit and I don't listen to pop at all lol	others
6835	Vinyl doesn't really sound better; it's the ritual we miss. Our stereo equipment stack with all the lights and buttons and nobs was a temple to the sounds we loved. We dropped an LP on the platter and dickered with the levels like we knew what we were doing. Bliss.	I think you’ll find it was the nasty stack system with flashing lights that was ruining the sound.	Good to know. I'll delete this.	others
6836	Did Rothenburg’s night watchman‘s walking tour Spotted a Germanand barked the place down much to the everyones amusement	Grrrrr, gerrit pal!	Believe me I tried pal, I went after him and set Ziggy off too. I was bark bark bark coz I wanted to get him, Zigs started bark bark bark just coz I did but he not know what he was bark bark barking at	others
6837	Friends isn’t even that great compared to Boondocks, Drake and Josh, and Avatar the Last Airbender. I’d take them over Friends ANY day	You are on crack my friend. Drake and Josh is the only show who should even be compared to friends. It was the ultimate sitcom.	First off we ain’t friends. Second Friends remade the same season over and over again. The Avatar the last airbender is possibly one of the greatest shows of all time with great story arch and character development all around.	others
6838	Trainer of the year	Is this the guy in his 20s that got the job by pulling a girls number?	Yes that’s him	others
6839	Over 12 hours of this guys. Sort it	We're sorry about the ongoing issue, our tech teams are throwing everything at it to get us restored to 100% - here's the full update:	I can’t even watch Sky TV at home. I don’t think you’re giving this 100% and if you are and it’s still not restored, then give it 200%	others
6840	I get home from work to this. Must have had a busy day, bless him	Awww	You want him? He's yours	others
6841	"confession: i didnt know what the deal was w/ ""usuratonkachi"" bc i had never watched the anime in japanese so i googled it and passed out"	SASUKES NICKNAME FOR NARUTO boruto asked him what that meant and sasuke said someone who hates to lose	LOVE THAT FOR THEM... THEY’RE SO CUTE :’(((	others
6842	i can't do the 2018 wrapped thing it just shows a black screen help	hmm have you tried it on a laptop? it happened to me too i couldn’t open it on my phone but it worked on my laptop	oh Worm i'll try rn! thank u	others
6843	Lights is the friendliest dog at the dog park and it makes me so happy to watch her, knowing how cruel life had been to her in the past, to keep reaching out, with love, as often as possible anyway	This makes me happy so much.	She wants to play with everyone it’s the best	others
6844	33k at Wembley last night? We sold the place out for a pre season friendly last year.	My turn to bite ;) Terrible tweet	Also, I don’t know where you’ve plucked 70k from. They’ve just read it out on the radio, your average is 55k.	others
6845	I'm hoping Rich never stops doing cons. I've a deep sense of foreboding about it. I just can't shake it and it's making me feel sick.	What do you mean? He's going to be in Dallas.... I hope? He's listed.	Oh, I didn't mean to confuse you. Sorry. He's not stopping. Just me being over-anxious. Ignore me.	others
6846	hey babe I'm back honey	*hugs you tight* I already was so worried about you pumpkin	I'm sorry babe	others
6847	Why am I suddenly being the adult in a family argument, this isn’t right. Fuck sake	The fact your being an adult in an argument..is good..keep it going!!!	Wish I weren’t some times, absoulte ballache	others
6848	Thursday Thoughts: If I've offended you.... Suck it up princess, I don't really gaf not	Had a friend tag the wife and I with this on Facebook.	That is were I saw it My dad's cousin, in her 70's; posted it!!!	others
6849	68 years ago. 6 December 1950 KOREA: Squadrons embarked onboard HMS Theseus carry out strikes on targets between Chinnampo and Pyongyang	What a Christmas card picture.	I think Christmas 1950 off Korea may have lacked the traditional bonhomie	others
6850	Just dreaming here. Curious what others will do when we get our meds back? Me I am losing my TV. And I swear I am going to get rid of the couch. I will get out of this apartment. I'll have a life!	Can not happen soon enough..	That is certainly true. Tomorrow would be nice. One of these we'll walk into the Dr's office & they'll say would you like to increase the pain med and we will fall over in surprise. Probably cry out of joy	others
6851	My favorite things about life: 10. it’s 9. impossible 8. to 7. rank 6. everything 5. life 4. has 3. to 2. offer 1. Bigger, Bolder Grill Combos start at $12.99	I don’t get all the hate, every time I’ve been there it’s been great, and that’s over almost 20 years. Maybe the Dayton OH area is just lucky	Jordan, we aim to please and we're happy to hear that the Dayton restaurant has done just that! We'll share your kudos with their team!	others
6852	Got a question for y'all. If I was a character from any anime or manga, who would I be?	Darui from Naruto	I can see that.	others
6853	Some Americans are crazy about Osaka. That's really interesting.	I loved Osaka! ^_^ I was very charmed by the spontaneous friendliness.	Really interesting whenever I go to Osaka, I feel like coming to foreign country(exaggerating?) But as you know, Osaka is one of the most unique place in Japan！	others
6854	Ban Ben Mee for life!!!	I had to bite my tongue big time listening to earlier. It’s not even a topic, just a tackle that happens in every game	I was listening this morning and for saying it as it was!	others
6855	What’s up?	Wassup why you make that face lol	I can’t make that face?	others
6856	I got 25 wings. Yall want some?	Yep, drop some off at the job. All flats please and thank you	I ate those first	others
6857	Such exciting news!	What happens to the elephants after they get better?	The majority of these elephants are rescued from captivity. They come with all sorts of injuries and illnesses. This hospital is greatly needed. Once they are treated they will be at a sanctuary. has rescued many and is doing amazing work.	others
6858	The only thing carrying riverdale is how fit Archie is	You need a shag	LOOOOL you’re not wrong but he is so fit stfu	others
6859	We finally made someone's number one! Thank you!	When will u make another album. When you did your last Q&A with kiwi you said that you will make it over 4 months ago.	But we are working on it. We just don't know when it is going to be done	others
6860	HYPE	Dang, how did you get it early?	IDK, Amazon sent it a day early	others
6861	my gf saying she miss me on dm limit but not replying to my dms	I WAS IN CLASS???	ME > SCHOOL	others
6862	is that the turtle dude from kung fu panda	NAH its my dungeons and dragons oc but she was inspired by oogway!!	i love her	others
6863	Damn I’m hungry and I don’t even know what I want	That’s the same problem I currently have lol	So it’s not just women lol	others
6864	Looking to contact people who have a car-related phobia - fear of being a passenger, driving on motorways, of accidents or injury, of losing control etc for a   RTs much appreciated	Oh that would be me	all of the above or just one in particular?	others
6865	Hope he doesn’t fck some of the players wives	he might be coo lol	Dude is a menace	others
6866	quem dera fosse, agora nas ranked só tem viciado pai de familia	e tu e eu gritando que nem dois animais	bora jogae rafeels	others
6867	After	Cool pics, glad you had a good time!	It was glorious. Felt more alive than I have in a long time. Roll on the new album!	others
6868	Hot tea Chapstick All the unfinished books I own My Tweet drafts Blood of my siblings	BRUH This needs to go viral	No one knows me like that lol	others
6869	This seems like really good news for Marriott workers:	I’ve seen a few union contracts in my day, and the increase to pension contributions is huge. So many companies have nixed them for 401(k)s, that it’s hard to get funding. 20% raise over 4.5 years ain’t bad either. Easy for me to say, but I’m glad they hung in.	Same. I know it was a long, hard, (and at least here in Boston) cold fight; glad it ended well for them.	others
6870	I feel attacked when do I get my Machu Picchu story?	August 2020-ish, homey. I’ll write a Xanga blog on it and send it your way.	I MEAN MY OWN TO TELL CODY	others
6871	Christmas bonus tomorrow!!!!!!!!	If I don’t get it tomorrow drew I’m going to kick your ass lmao	No. You kick Fabians ass. He’s the one getting everybody’s hopes up	others
6872	The day I get married I will be an emotional mess	no your mom will	Man, if that ain’t the truth! She cries about EVERYTHING	others
6873	sent me my birthday pic	Send me my birthday tip	Cum I spank u	others
6874	Reposting this because I accidentally cropped the last one and I want to fit in...	the edginess jumped out	Yea patd can get pretty edgy	others
6875	Good thing series. Stupid.	Blame Disney?	No I’ll stick with Netflix lol	others
6876	Gay DJ Khaled’s type	LMFAO. Why I thought of him when I tweeted this	Lmao. He needs help.	others
6877	Some fans drooling over the prospect of Bruce. Probably don’t remember how his tactics were outplayed at their place last year....?	He'll do well with them. Small club, no expectations. It's where he thrives	Won’t have the money to spend though. Plus he’ll still not know what to do with Bacuna	others
6878	I didn’t know you had a twitter bro	No one does on purpose. Gotta stop exposing myself tho	We gonna keep it on the DL	others
6879	Don't trust anything I say ever.	So I’m not cute? Got it	You ARE cute, you're the only one who doesn't think that!	others
6880	2 step with me to this	fucking stop it right now	Don’t hate	others
6881	𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐲 𝐦𝐨𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐢𝐬 𝐚 𝐟𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐡 𝐛𝐞𝐠𝐢𝐧𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠	cute ~~~	tHANK U	others
6882	I hate packing	Please don’t come back to Houston	Oh ok ig I just won’t see you	others
6883	Vikendi	Ohhh I can’t wait. Miramar is by far my favourite map. Can’t wait and the middle is an island. Interesting	Mine too. I play only Miramar lately.	others
6884	One of the frightening problems confronting the world is the idea that truth has no meaning.	By jove, I do enjoy your tweets, Bobby!	Great to know I have at least one fan. Thanks	others
6885	1 Peter 2:25  For you were straying like sheep, but have now returned to the Shepherd and Overseer of your souls.	Absolutely amen	God bless you Brenda! Have a blessed evening!	others
6886	come through Shanna(o)n	miss u	We’re gonna get together soon and catch up! Don’t forget our invite to graduation	others
6887	waiter: what kind of wine would u two like me: (hand on chin) mmmm...grape waiter: all wine is grape sir me: well it sure don’t taste like it ;) date: ur a smart person	eytan I’m blocking you for this	bc u like it too much? kinda like a if-u-love-something-set-it-free thing?	others
6888	tw-... i want to leave	Please don’t, I love you	i love u too :(	others
6889	Sag? On a leash? Oh no baby. lol.	That just mean we can handle y’all crazy ass.	Like hell. Lmao.	others
6890	having a girlfriend has turned me mushy af, someone send help	You’ve always been secretly mushy	I wish that was a lie lol	others
6891	u ever go to an art gallery and see Emily Carr n ur not even a huge fan but u gotta rep bc west coast represent haha put ur hands up (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)	omg ur bc pride doesn’t kick in until u wanna say a big artsy fuck u to toronto	rep rep haha van city for life haha I love seabus memes hahah granville strip rules!	others
6892	Just finished the Grimlock art homaging Frazetta and I'm not sure, I might have over done it.	How bare is Grimlocks ass?	Grimlock's ass is out of sight unfortunately, but I assure it is as bare as any other day.	others
6893	Bill, a friend of mine doesn't believe that you are actually running your Twitter account on your own... Tell him.	He does indeed Himself.	I know.	others
6894	Tonsillitis ur low key ruining my life can U stop coming at me 1000 times a year thanks x	I had mine taken out and honestly I’m so glad!! Makes u feel so much better overall also. It’s like the worst 2 weeks of your life lmao but once it’s done, they are gone forever!	I know I’ve been meaning to get them out, I literally get it every other month but with uni and deadlines etc I’m just gunna have to wait until summer ah stressss	others
6895	Wife is naked and on the couch.	This hashtag confuses me. Are you saying you should stay at work if your wife's naked on the couch?	“I’m not coming home because my wife is naked on the couch” is a dumb reason not to come home	others
6896	if i don’t wake up to a dog on christmas morning i’m going back to sleep	Aren’t u going to college in like 8 months?	no. i quit	others
6897	Works Christmas party tomorrow, as if they’re really trusting us on a free bar all night	never mind other people, it’s u they should be worried about	I haven’t had alcohol for almost a month either gonna be an adventurous night	others
6898	I wanna hear some educated opinions.	I also would take 1. I would like to think nobody on that team is selfish and would work together well. The other teams. Have players who would have power struggles. Also AI is my fav player ever so maybe I’m bias ha	I'd pay an unimaginable amount of money to see a young Lebron vs young Kobe	others
6899	It’s nice to finally have some WiFi....	been murder all day got back home and had what felt like a thousand e-mails	Join the club, same here!	others
6900	wtf when did i make another Twitter ?	A while ago... you didn't follow me back	Girl ! I’m sorry ! Lmao you know you my YG	others
6901	The Amazing Spider-Man films	Who hurt you?	Various people on tumblr reacting to Spider-Man’s film rights being purchased by Disney with “hooray, Spidey’s returning home!” instead of noting the copyright history of Disney and how it’s kind of a monopoly.	others
6902	No Mum, I think you forgot to pack something	Absolutely. Dump the clothes, take the dog-	Aw I would if I could!	others
6903	New pitching coach Tommy Hottovy's first 3 career MLB appearances: 6/3/2011 - faced David DeJesus, got him to ground out 6/4/2011 - faced David DeJesus, got him to hit into double play 6/5/2011 - walked Ryan Sweeney, got David DeJesus to ground out.	Dying to know what happened the fourth time he faced DeJesus.	only 3 times he faced him in the Majors.	others
6904	Have a nice night Elvira	Thank you , Fred! Have a joyful night !	I will love, but my day just started	others
6905	former developer at Donruss-playoff? How far back then? What did you do before 1998?	I was there from 2001 until 2005. I was a Price Guide Analyst/Editor at Beckett Publications from 1996-1999.	Ok. Im just looking into Pinnacle a little bit to see what could have been. I kind of wonder if there were any leftovers by 2001 or if everything was gone.	others
6906	Someone take this away from me  :	NICE FORM TY	And that's with the off-hand	others
6907	Lights is the friendliest dog at the dog park and it makes me so happy to watch her, knowing how cruel life had been to her in the past, to keep reaching out, with love, as often as possible anyway	It's heartwarming to see.	It’s nuts	others
6908	Hi When people use a download card to download my album, are they required to create a CD Baby account first?	They can download as a guest :)	Ah thank you! I will tell the person I gave my album to.	others
6909	"Does this look like the ""best dealmaker in the world"" to you?"	Looks like a sullen child to me.	Or a brat sent to the corner.	others
6910	Girls do act like this, they just ain’t bold enough to make it public. I’m willing to argue	The argument isn't that we don't act like this, it's that it seems we are wrong for moving on	But...if you act like this regardless, why does it matter if it’s viewed as wrong or right?	others
6911	One of the saddest stories I’ve ever written: 'Blue on Blue'	Great article Thad. This case had always stuck with me.	Thanks, Will. Yeah, haunting is the word I’d use.	others
6912	Thanks I hate it	Mood	I swear I lost braincells watching that	others
6913	I have some Pokemon I need to trade in order to evolve, who wants to help me tonight?	hey I have Let’s Go Pikachu and looking for just Koffing and Omanyte, interested?	I don't have either of those, sorry!	others
6914	A debate between movies and ancient texts? Movies. And pop corn.	I realize you need to attack me personally because you can't deal with the facts, but you do know how childish that makes you look, right?	Im not attacking you . So what else I can do? Just have fun.	others
6915	HOLY SHIT PROCREATE FINALLY HAS A CROP FUNCTION	...they didn't?	HAHA THEY DID NOT	others
6916	Mood	I failed	No u didn’t	others
6917	Morning! Shall we dance this morning?	Always	Gorgeous x	others
6918	come join our Power 5 conference trombone groupme there’s no FSU people lol	What lol???	We have a groupme with all of the trombones from the SEC, ACC, Big XII, Big Ten, and the Pac 12 lol	others
6919	Exuma Facebook flippen hot rn son	What gone down tho???	if une know I can’t really explain. Gyals rowing over who pregnant n who barren n all type fck	others
6920	Hey	guess you not the only one with a package that hasn’t been sent to you girl	Man I’m PRESSED. I haven’t gotten tracking yet: I know they have new shipping policies but this is crazy! I prided shopping there for their fast shipping!	others
6921	Been a while since I did a Q&A. So come on bring on those questions!	Eggnog??	Not a fan of it. My wife loves it though.	others
6922	Hey you said that my package arrived on Monday. Two days later I still haven’t seen it. So where is it?	Hello Chuck, I'm sorry to hear that you haven't received the package that was scanned as delivered! If you haven't had a chance yet, please review the steps here for items that show as delivered but can't be located: . ^DS	Thanks but I have completed all of these steps - Verified delivery address, checked all around the house, waited 36 hours - and there is still no sign of the package.	others
6923	Ladies if im wearing a long red dress for a holiday party what color and type of heels should I wear	A sexy strappy silver heel is always nice & festive	Perf!! I just found a dope pair on fashionnova lol	others
6924	chocolate milk choco choco milk i drink the chocooolar milk	monkey see money do monkey drink the choco milk with u	LMFAO SHUT UPPPP	others
6925	Someone tell me why hyuna and edawn were FaceTiming me while I drove to in n out in my dreams last night	ohmygod	Bruh I was legit so confused I don’t understand?? I think she butt dialed me when they were cuddling and then ended up staying on the phone with me	others
6926	Saw Eddie Redmayne in the street on my lunch break and instantly thought of	Haha amazing! Was just talking about him too coz he went into my friend’s work	Ahh no way! He vaguely caught my eye as being well dressed, then I figured it was him!	others
6927	"Your friend should just watch the movie ""this thing called marriage"" he will learn more"	Amy download link?	Sorry I dont have the downlink	others
6928	Ready to feel old? The Naked Gun went on cinema release 30 years ago. (Hand over eyes emoticon)	I wasn’t born	Lyin hoor, me and you went to see it sure	others
6929	Says fucking who	From my pervious experience.	But that's a generalization based on your own experiences.	others
6930	. prime keeps wasting my time. if you catch them not delivering in two days they will comp you, but you gotta waste your time catching their error and chasing down a CSR	I'm sorry for the frustration you've experienced regarding your deliveries. It's never our intention to disappoint. To clarify, do you have a current order which has missed the delivery date stated in your order confirmation e-mail? ^AC	Already got my $5 comp, but had to waste my time to get it.	others
6931	Can’t believe y’all mane y’all better that for real	What we did?!!	You know ain’t no need in you acting like you don’t	others
6932	Keep your hands upon the wheel	*swerves all over the road*	Hope I won't be in your car when that happens	others
6933	I sleep best when I tell myself I’m going to wake back up to keep studying	a tweet??	I guess so?	others
6934	Sick of people asking me if I play rugby no I don’t I’m just fat	I’m amazed that anyone could look at you and think yeah rugby player	To be fair I agree who would actually think that	others
6935	If you can roll a wood for the love of god plz come over i got the rest	Im at work rn or else id be there	Lmao i refuse to learn bc if i knew how to it wouldn’t be good financially	others
6936	hi	Hey Kristal, how are you?	Am not to bad am just	others
6937	Thank you	sad	Thanks for all the support. Wouldn't have gotten this far without you guys, lots of love!!!	others
6938	Bacon onion pizza from Sally’s is something I’d go to war for	Any day , I would storm the beaches of Normandy for that pie	I would travel to the fiery pits of Mordor for just one bite of that precious delicatessen	others
6939	To my Sun and Stars, I wish you the happiest day! Rmember that I would always be here, supporting you every step of the way. (Annoying you, only I know how)	Thank youu but what’s AlonCrew? Haha	Logo’s here!!	others
6940	Can anyone guess what animal this skeleton is from?	It’s been 5 days can you tell us now please?	Oh yeah, it’s a hedgehog! No one got it!!	others
6941	Less than eleven hours to go and I'll be in hospital for surgery. Gonna be a bit rough for a few days afterwards, maybe it'll be a great excuse to use on my wife for me to do some extra gaming.  You know, for therapeutic purposes of course. Lol.	All the best mate, hope all goes to plan (operation and the extra gaming!)	Hahaha, thanks man. I've got my fingers crossed that I'll even be able to game afterwards, let alone do extra gaming. But one can only hope. Lol.	others
6942	Just in case anyone is wondering how my week is going, today I git my hand with a plastic knife.	So pretty good lol	Omg I hate autocorrect!!! Cut*	others
6943	This nigga got on some crispy ass black midtop forces, like 3rd wear crispy, let me go make sure my car still there	I think about you every time I warm my car up, be lookin around like “Yeah IIGHT Matteson”	Woooowww you ain’t een have to do this, but yea you damn near gotta have remote starter	others
6944	Hello to all you beautiful ladies I am single	Hey David thanks for forgetting and abandoning me	I am sorry Morgan	others
6945	I caught her napping under the tree	A TINY CHUNK OF LOVE!!!!!!	I left her treats under the tree so she would go back ahhahaa	others
6946	Today's Lesson: Sometimes when things stop bringing joy you have to let go.  And not invade every tweet with your negativity.	Is this meant for the people who keep saying they aren't watching and then comment on every twd tweet saying so? Or is this just for everyone in general?	For people who only complain about the show, whether they say they aren't watching or continue to watch and only complain. I don't see the point in ruining positive tweets about a show with it.	others
6947	My sister wears a hat with her logo on it around campus	Lol I wear a Chas the Spaz hoodie all the time	Legend	others
6948	WANTED: An experienced campaign manager. Bakersfield CA23 area. American citizen contemplating taking on a corrupt political party and it's house leader who bows to a corrupt President. Serious inquiries only. Direct Message. Thanks.	Go for it big guy! Start now.	Thanks Scott!	others
6949	Well Baltimore Snowhounds...don't put this one to bed yet! Euro has shifted a little further north. FV3/Euro/Deep Thunder all have accumulating snow to DC - Annapolis now. Still don't think we get into the Hammer Zone, but some snow is still possible! Stay tuned...	well weather is fun to watch. Tony do you know about this site pivotal weather? This is their latest model.	that's the 18z NAM	others
6950	Definitely with cheese in Yorkshire...what you think...? B x	Noooo!!! Really???? Love cheese love Christmas cake, so......	so....its a no brainer...Try it...B x	others
6951	Morning Twitterverse We hope you're all having a great week so far Need any help? You know the drill.	Any update?	Hi Denice, our network teams continue to make this a top priority and we are slowly beginning to restore our services which will continue throughout tonight. We’re sorry for any inconvenience. Thanks for your patience.	others
6952	Back on twitter ppl !!!!	Awesome. Let's get this party started!!!	Hell Yeah !!!	others
6953	when i say i have no idea how to wrap christmas presents i mean i truly have no idea how to wrap a christmas present.	Gift bags.	the gifts i got are too good for just the bag treatment. i wanted to put a little love into it. sadly my love looks like i wrapped it blind folded with 1 hand.	others
6954	Interesting	how do u find this	It’s an app called “snd.wave”	others
6955	me and my ex broke up 2 years ago and i just now shut his phone off lmao he big mad	Damn girl. 2.5 years... what took so long to turn that shit off!	it was in my name and the installment plan, to have it in service was only $5 more so bc im a nice person	others
6956	Ok. You wanna show me your hose?	Whoo wait a minute. Where you going with this? Hey now.	I don't know. It was the first thing I could think of when he said he was a fireman.	others
6957	9 LP ? :)	what happened to auz3	unbanned tomorrow	others
6958	I’ve almost knocked the same jar down for the 7th time today	Haven't it break yet?	Nope, it always threatens to fall but it doesn’t lol	others
6959	at 2 am this morning I decided the best use of my time would be harassing	I have no idea what this is, but clearly you made the right decision.	They make/decorate cookies based on current events! I miss it so much	others
6960	GrubHub has emailed me every single day this week. jesus christ ok fine i'll order a bunch of food and eat my feelings	I'm reading this while scarfing down a giant bowl of pasta and half a loaf of garlic bread	i'm ordering this badass baked potato mac and cheese, literally can't wait for it	others
6961	From my account tonight.	Can you answer why you are failing in your job to be impartial? Why tweet out the front pages for all the papers for which many are anti Brexit, but for the ones that are pro Brexit you tweet out the sports headlines???? You are disgusting	May I ask which papers I didn’t tweet last night which we usually tweet?  By the way sometimes not all of them reach us on email every evening.	others
6962	we gone get outta here early	We going to Clark but yassss baby	dead fr	others
6963	Gamepass and Xbox is making these devs dreams come true... Hope the Sony Fanboys read this time	Thank God Phil is putting GamePass on any and every device! Halo and Gears gonna look mighty Spiffy on my Playstation and Switch! Don’t @ me	You try hard with the trolling bro it's starting to look like desperation. I guess when the well is dry & you need to say anything for attention this foolishness is all you got left... I ain't mad at the hustle bro. Don't @ me	others
6964	I'm writing a news article on the conflicts in veganism. Do you feel everyone should be vegan? Has being vegan had a negative impact on you? Or do you have any opposing views to veganism?	Can you email me via miss-nang@outlook.com? Got a different angle. Imposing choices using violence shuts down communication.	Thank you, I will email you	others
6965	Beacon and Bents...against AM...Only....	I’m not sure I’m fully getting the drift here. I can guess what AM means...	Are you running for B&B against AM? I think you'll find you'll have garnered extra support in any campaign...	others
6966	Tropical punch	THANK U	it’s only right	others
6967	A Christmas Prince 2 is offensively bad. :(	HER JOURNALISTIC NOTE-TAKING	Lolololol  - MEADOWLARK - FISHY	others
6968	Fuckery fucking fuck fuck	The next Bobby Moore will be greatly missed	So much	others
6969	This really has been key to altering my view on myself. I’m also trying to be nicer to myself. I give my best if my name is on it. And let that be that lol	And it applies to everything, whether it's your job or fitness or eating healthy or maintaining relationships.	How’s the leg	others
6970	There are so many streamers I wanna call out for their bs. I really do. But I don't. Wanna know why? Because I know everybody else is going to do loads better and be the better streamer. No point being bitter, when you know people are doing it better.	I'm not gonna call out streamers for their bs, so I'm just gonna post a passive aggressive tweet	Motivating* People are better then call outs, that is what I am trying to say	others
6971	remember when ethan said he wanted to be an astronaut :,)	i'm soft	my heart did a thing	others
6972	I was in Barre class this morning (worst class ever but that’s beside the point), thinking about how I have a great range of motion in most of my joints even though I was probably struggling the most of all four of us in the class.	I’m going to pretend I know whatever you’re talking about here. Carry on.	It’s lunch time philosophy 101	others
6973	geen horny things rt’en he	WHAHAHAHAHA IK DACHT DAT ALLEEN IK DAT ZAG SKSDJJDJS expoos	u trippin kid	others
6974	Vic O	Blessing lol	Vic o Na my guy o	others
6975	Fear fear	Make de obtain me bah	Ah no ooh They won't	others
6976	When you’re told at 9am about something that needs to be done by 3pm when you’ve got a full teaching day...	Literally the same thing has happened to me!	It’s so frustrating!	others
6977	Was considering changing to O2 when my contract was due for an upgrade but not nowww!	I’ve had no data all day it’s been a nightmare!!!	It’s just been a nightmare! Apparently you can apply for compensation but don’t know how much it would be!	others
6978	all the good posters are from texas or the midwest	im from pennsylvania	i know damn well you’re from pennsylvania	others
6979	She really milking this like she didn’t break up with him and get engaged months later LMFAOOOOOO fuck Ariana Grande don’t @ me idc	Someone fucking finally said it.	And now I’m getting eaten alive for it	others
6980	movies Saturday ?	What time	I’m finna look rn	others
6981	hiiii can all my art friends reply to this tweet with pics of their fav pieces or where they sell their art (if not twitter) so I can look at buying stuff for people for Christmas  I wanna support all my babies and new ones!	Earrings! $20 a pair, two pairs for $35	I wish I had my ears pierced bc these are so dope.	others
6982	Headache Bodyache Cant sleep Fever Cold Cough 2.30 am and my cuddle mates for tonight^	Why aren't you taking medicines? At least for fever. You might have the flu.	I didddddd	others
6983	He's definitely running and while not my first choice he's a good Dem and I love how scared he has the Sanders cult	I refuse to have a favorite this far out, but I like what I see so far. And the wild-eyed panic from the Bernie crowd (even more than they have over Harris) is refreshing.	Harris is my early favorite but I'm open to many candidates	others
6984	hey I have Let’s Go Pikachu and looking for just Koffing and Omanyte, interested?	sure thing! I'll get those for you gladly :3 (I think I still have an Omanyte from Pokemon Go that I transferred, hope that's fine)	That’s great, drop me a follow and a DM and I’ll try trade you something useful back!	others
6985	Ice storm gonna be a bust according to 18z NAM. Maybe some glazing. Not even gonna get a good snow.	18Z 3km NAM still has a good band of 4-6” of snow nearby ¯\_(ツ)_/¯	I'll defer to your expertise though. My synoptic is old and rusty, and focused more on east coast bombs (NCSU MEAS 1991)	others
6986	STOP RECORDING WITH YOUR PHONES THE SWITCH CAN LITERALLY RECORD GAMEPLAY FOR 30 SECONDS OMG	But can you upload it to twitter easily from there?	Very easily you can connect your twitter to your switch	others
6987	When your oldest bestie knows what's up and rocks up with some pre-made meals to ease your stress. But not just any pre-made meals...! Buffalo chicken pasta bake.  This was top class. Thank you	Oh my!	He did a good job.	others
6988	I really cba being British anymore. Does any other country want me? I can juggle and do the splits and I pour an excellent pint. Open to offers	Your juggling must be a sight to behold if you’ve mentioned it and not your painting.	Oh it is. It's so good, it's almost bad.	others
6989	So,	Can you let us know the 5 digit carriage number please so I can get a cleaner to remove this. ^ST	No idea. Stole it off a Facebook group. Was hoping you’d come up with some good puns	others
6990	I’m bored, tweet me your oshis and I’ll find your type	Matsumoto Jun, Seto Kouki, Yuhi	Googled Jun and he seems very thoughtful type? Like both Kouki and Yuhi seem someone who listen to their fans and study them calmly (yet i never got to meet Yuhi). But also, they all have the high cheekbones and like.. serious? eyes. Maybe the look there is	others
6991	Ur one of them people that dislike YouTube videos for fun	I've never done that in my life	LOOL not good enough answer	others
6992	Hipster	I don’t have lots of tatts and facial hair. Do you	So does (did) Lemmy. He’s not a hipster!	others
6993	EW WTDJKDKSK	the	were gonna be a ship	others
6994	Fresh sugar cane, 5000 naira pack	Kano har sanda zaka samu a 70 naira yasin	Local one ba	others
6995	So Twitter suspended me for 12 hours today because I called that chick Lahren from Fox News “peroxide b-imbo”, on her tweet denying climate change. I’ve seen her being called worse things...	Me too. I told a legit bot that was spamming to, “stop effing spamming,” and I got this.	Hmmm...I wonder if this is a recent thing.	others
6996	It’s called the law of natural selection	Hahaha hahahaha well done sir	I’m just here to confirm it’s a natural occurrence in nature...	others
6997	Oh dear I have my 4 year old daughter wanting to call the police to report her elf on the shelf tampering with her advent calendar! Don’t think the FCR will be too happy!	Your daughter obviously knows that mummy has friends in high places and can call upon Humberside's finest to arrest the perpetrator!	She was deadly serious that’s for sure!	others
6998	Lucky we got these just now	Glad I booked when I did. Should be a cracker.	We should've booked sooner all the good seats were taken but at least we'll be there! Gonna be awesome, can't wait! Like two Christmas days!	others
6999	I wanna know if dr peppers gonna be making me fire blanks	Hahahahahahahahaha why r u the weirdest little bastard ever	Just got a bottle then and rememberd what someone told me about it	others
7000	Sage.... momma tricked me she gave me a treat then brushed me	How dare she! She should give you more treats!	I should say half treat it was broken	others
7001	There’s really nothing better than a nice booty	Jimjam's	Fuck.....trueeeeeee	others
7002	What kind of products do you use to keep you fresh and smelling nice throughout the day? If you live in Northern New Jersey and have 15 minutes to spare we'd love to hear from you and as always, we'll compensate you for your time!	Sorry I live on Staten Island across from Bayonne	Thanks for replying, have a good day Jaime!	others
7003	I LOVE YOU ALL	I LOVE YOU MORE	But the thing is Ily more than I've ever loved anyone	others
7004	MANDY reminded me of that recurring SNL character who’s the woman in a male driven comedy. “I don’t talk much or get to do much, even though the movie is named after me ... “	I haven't seen a trailer or anything, just the poster, so it wasn't until a couple of days ago that I realized Nicolas Cage wasn't playing a character named Mandy	Man that movie was a major disappointment for me. I’m surprised there hasn’t been a feminist article indicting the film for what it is.	others
7005	So I gave in and emailed the guy my resume and he emailed me right away asking me to come in Tuesday for an interview can’t hurt to get some specifics and then decide I guess... or maybe I won’t actually get a job offer eithe way no harm in going right...	Yay... best of luck	Thank you!	others
7006	*tweets: boutta run to the store right quickfast* You, a scholar: speak proper English! Me: I was speaking in colloquial dialect, operating with the premise that relevant interlocutors would comprehend me, bro.	We, the relevant, outchea comprehendin.	I had a typo in a status once and someone commented to fix it and added “didn’t want you to look uneducated” ...	others
7007	James wasn't thinking about photography or journalism when he snapped a picture of a murder. He was running from his best friend’s suicide when he stumbled into the middle of India’s worst ethnic violence, and by accident launched his journalism career.	Love, love, LOVE this. Fingers crossed for you!	thanks, please give it a retweet!	others
7008	hostia si es verdad	MYRIAM JAJJAAJJAJAJAJAJA	0 mentiras found :(	others
7009	Yeah. Its already too bloody hot. Anyone who loves this weather is nuts	No you’re nuts. This weather is the best.	Not if you're working it ain't. It's shit. Unbearable	others
7010	Quem me chamar pra dar rolê nesse fim de semana vai levar block	vamo da role sábado	Block	others
7011	Stop putting your every move out there cause eventually shit gone come to the light	And what you mean	What you talking about	others
7012	she a little ugly and a little bumpy but i’m making progress!!	SHES BEAUTIFUL IM SO PROUD	thank you b	others
7013	Wearing News sneakers is a nice feeling	Lmao I know the feeling, if I’m not going anywhere I just wear them and walk around in the house just for the new feeling	I know	others
7014	This is so so so unfair and unprofessional....  I thought it is innocent UNTIL proven guilty.... I have not seen anyone humiliate a MALE criminal like this..  Sad stuff...  She is mentioning names, pick them up and disgrace them too like this..  Sad country!	Don't make this a gender thing please, criminals/suspects are paraded daily and it's unlawful at all times	I am making it a gender thing... Sue me...	others
7015	Is it weird that I’m refusing to accept Jack and Dani’s breakup?	Nope i am too	I’m just like, surely not?	others
7016	Well they don’t really treat her like shit...	one little missus does and looks like shes gonna mess the whole team up but thats not our business is it	Ain’t nobody gon mess the team up tf	others
7017	wow my only friend with a Switch is out of town ....... homophobic	I have a Switch, Brandon! How can I help you?	get super smash btch	others
7018	Got the tree, the eggnog, and the whiskey. If you need me, I’ll be cringing while my children out all the ornaments in a single spot.	I'll take the whiskey and watch y'all set the tree up.	Getting the tree inside from the top of the car was a minor Christmas miracle.	others
7019	Dear Santa can Everton have a centre forward who is like a one man army & puts the fear of god into defenders	Diego Costa, you say?	Be alright that	others
7020	Lmaoo	Ain’t it true tho	Honestly i can’t believe that’s an actual thing	others
7021	We are happy to inform you that HOBT06 Thorin The Oakenshield is in stock. Your items is going to be shipped immediately when the balance is paid. Should you have questions please always feel free to contact us at service@asmustoys.com  Happy	Did you got an email from them?	I did, and sent them payment straight away....	others
7022	How are y'all liking season 7 so far? At work so haven't even been on yet	about to play my first game. i guarantee you i get the W.	Hell yeah, try to get a plane shot, shit looks intense :) also looks like u can shoot while flying with balloon's.	others
7023	He’s just a specky Mark warburton	Warburton is magic, he wears a magic hat	I don’t want to know about his magic hat	others
7024	Back in from rescuing roses before they cooked	Mine all shriveled yesterday	No! They are a sad sight in this weather - thank goodness for repeat flowering.	others
7025	look	Wanna try?	So we pass out	others
7026	Today's been busy but good hows everyone been today!?	Hey, hey. Looking lovely lady. Glad to see your well. Today has mostly been good, but also feeling very frustrated. Meh! xx	Omg love I havent spoke to you in so so so long. What are you frustrated about x	others
7027	2018 has been the worst year of my life.	Ohhhh nooooo!! (Hugsssss youuuuu)))))	Thank you. I heard you give great hugs too.	others
7028	WANTED: An experienced campaign manager. Bakersfield CA23 area. American citizen contemplating taking on a corrupt political party and it's house leader who bows to a corrupt President. Serious inquiries only. Direct Message. Thanks.	Love this!	Thanks	others
7029	u know when someone’s proper proud of their long hair but it’s all ratty and u just wanna SCREAM at them to fucking cut it	Yh @ me next time pussy	Yh urs is so ratty ain’t it	others
7030	Jesus! That was inside you!?	yup!	Sheesh! God bless	others
7031	OH MY GOD HE HE LIKED THE TWEET	OMGGGF QUEEEEENNNN I TOLD YOU I FXCKN TOLD YOUUUUU	AYLIN I LOVE HIM SO MUCH IM SO HSPPY HE SAW THOSE TWEETS	others
7032	I got off keto and feel awful. I want to start again but can barely remember how and I have no energy. My whole body hurts and gets worse every day. Amazing how powerful our food choices are	You can do it. Just eat a crapload of eggs and meat for a few days, use vinegar dressing.	Good idea. I just need to start somewhere. Easy.	others
7033	Definitely astroworld	You such a hater against popular shit that’s popular for a reason	I love Travis Scott I just think it’s overhyped	others
7034	But Garrett out-coached Doug	they strategy is to force Dak to make clutch plays like he ain’t been doing that damn near all season	Exactly. Then my RT from Tom calming JG a loser but he out coached his coach	others
7035	I cried like 6 times today	Must be tears of joy	I wish	others
7036	I am so sad, another of my real life heroes died this morning. My sis in law Carolyn has lost her battle with cancer. She fought it for over 10 years. I love her and will miss her positive spirit. RIP Carolyn	I am sorry for your loss Brenda. xx	Thank you x	others
7037	I just got my license renewed and my picture is so bad that the worker said “be sure not to let the cops see this, you’ll be sure to get a ticket”..... love that	no she did not you’re beautiful boo, inside and out	I LOVE YOU!!	others
7038	i thought the 1975 was one person...	fake	isn’t matty the blonde one?	others
7039	anyone have luck with virtual doctor visits? or am I just blowing away $20?	"Have this service covered under my company and I've used it a couple times. It's saved me a lot of time in the past (had to go get surgery after they answered a few questions a while back after a quick ~15m call). Even easier than buying my ""Dr."" friends a beer."	holy crap! that's probably the best endorsement I've heard so far glad to hear you had a good experience	others
7040	My Spotify top 100 suggests I was pretty sad the whole year lol	Link it	I would buuut a lot of it is my boring classical music	others
7041	KnightK what’s a hawk to a lion	LOL.... yup	See y’all tomorrow	others
7042	What if I sold the house emptied my bank account dumped my phone and just fucked off and didn’t tell anyone where I was going would I even be missed	Of course you would be missed. If you need a radical change in life, go for it, I'm all for such ideas. But you don't have to cut ties with everyone! We would miss you so much and I'm sure many others in your life would as well	Only place I would be missed is here IRL no one would care or even notice	others
7043	cop: do you know who the murderer is? detective quasimodo: i have a [takes off sunglasses] decent lead cop: [obviously disappointed] oh detective quasimodo: what? cop: it’s just i thought you were gonna say you had a... nvm it’s not important	Brilliant.	yeah is pretty brilliant. i agree.	others
7044	Honestly thank God for the friends I’ve got around me	I’m touched	Cmon A	others
7045	Sprong trade fights on my timeline for 2 days now...	Is that a PETA approved horse gif???	The horse put on a helmet so I think he'll be OK	others
7046	"Don't call yourself 'sad' if ""Hey There Delilah"" isn't your #1 top played"	You misspelled Slow Dancing In The Dark by Joji	I'm tired of that song. Hey There Delilah is a timeless classic	others
7047	Our boy Fitzer looking dashing in	Great interview looking forward to the finale Gav.	It’s a belter Jonesy. Hope show is going great.	others
7048	IM GRABBING THAT SHIT AT MIDNIGHT HOE	You don’t want to catch this fade bro	You don’t even play smash	others
7049	Well, just before Google, it was Lycos for me. Before that, it was physical reference books. And the library if it was a bit specialized.	"back in the ""get off the internet your mom needs to use the phone"" days."	I was an odd one in that regard. I went from no internet to ethernet at college (I lived in the boonies – the nearest ISP was a long distance call). I did do dial-up when not on campus, though. And yeah, super slow...	others
7050	These joints crazy!!	grippassss	That’s some next level right there!	others
7051	Today in great vintage magazine covers.  I like how “crisis” headline is buried below the bear illustration.	Well, maybe if America’s bears were showing some hustle, instead of lounging around in swimming holes, they wouldn’t be facing a crisis in transportation.	Fair. If the circus taught me anything, it's that bears are fully capable of riding bikes. Most just...won't.	others
7052	The Hispanic CATA driver with the dark short hair on the 26 route better stop flirting before I change the route of this bus and of his life.	I know EXACTLY who you talking bout! That’s my nigga. He once made a joke about white ppl aging like bananas and he listen to nothing but soul music. He’s the man	Lmmfao. Definitely a sweetheart!!	others
7053	might fuck around and deactivate??	did ur last braincell tweet this	i have one (1) braincell, it tweets all this shit	others
7054	Big hand to the lovely peeps ⁦	Awesome photo Lotte!  Where was the invite Only joking, you're most welcome!	It went in a matter of moments! Popular stuff that Modus Hoperandi!	others
7055	you got your cdl?	Not yet. Why wassup?	Looking for a truck	others
7056	Look at the cheese on this burger. LOOK AT IT	Think I came a little	You and me both.	others
7057	i need to graduate, i’m tired of school holdin me back from what i’m tryna accomplish.	graduate early	super temptin but we already have 6 months of school left so there’s no point at this point :/	others
7058	Virgo’s are the devil idc idc oh and Leo’s right along with scorpios	Shut up leos nice	Taylor gave y’all a bad name	others
7059	Damn today my last day working at the same place for over 3yrs	You quit?	Hell yeah put my 2 weeks in	others
7060	When I see pics like this on twitter get “likes” I always think it’s a joke account ! Seriously who serves food like this these days ?? Anyone ?	Look like two 1970s sad croquetas	Yep ...and look at the horrid egg	others
7061	I’ve been exclusively pumping for 5 months now... I just wanna say I’m fucking proud of me. Cause this is exhausting. I still wish he’d latch sometimes	Girl i wish i could of produce more milk :( i stopped at 3 weeks	It took a looooot to boost my supply and produce. I left the hospital not producing anything but I kept pumping/trying and it slowly got better. But a lot of the times it slows down	others
7062	Sad news Pete Shelley	Bugger. RIP Pete Shelley indeed.	Sadly yes	others
7063	Hey hey  MLB sources tell me and that the Rays were one of the teams involved in the Paul Goldschmidt derby.	TRey--- I am getting close to finalizing my return to Miami--- will we finalyl meet and hit and sport bar to talk this stuff out??	That sounds great Bro.....Tear up the town......You're missing out on some great Cali weather here.....50's at night & 70's in the day	others
7064	Niggas that’s 6’4+ that doesn’t play basketball are useless	damn....	Man....the Cavs need a new small forward	others
7065	The difference between refugees and immigrants is refugees have no choice.	These guys are just vomiting MSNBC and CNN talking points that have proven to be false. What hope is there in trying to show them its just about protecting our country's borders and it has NOTHING to do with racism. Even Mexicans agree about protecting their borders.	You have talking points down, I am just providing facts. I mean, you're arguing with the definition of refugee.	others
7066	Hadestown and Jamie in one week!!	if you’re seeing john mccrea as Jamie, would you be able to get something signed from him for me? I’d pay for postage or whatever lol	I don’t usually stagedoor	others
7067	Even I, the queen of typo who can only understand a little bit of spanish, find this weird...	I understand what you mean. It happened exactly the same to me with Korean some weeks ago. Even me with my low level of Kr could tell that person was not who she pretended to be.	"If the grammar is that bad (and use terms like ""falso amor"" ?!??), it can make someone doubtful."	others
7068	Good thing the Moon leaves Scorpio tomorrow, bc there’s been many ~weird vibes~ today and yesterday in general lol	My daughter is a Scorpio and idk if that has anything to do with it but for a couple days she’s just not been able to sleep which is weird for her bc nothing has been wrong	Hmm that is weird. The Moon and the sign it lies in effects everyone, not just Scorpios for example, but that is odd.. I’m not sure what’s up! Hopefully she can sleep well soon.	others
7069	Honest question. I'm the same age as you. I look 20 years older than I did 10 years ago. You look the same age as 10 years ago. Good genes or skincare secrets?	Oh wow thanks! Um... filters, knowing my angles and light lol also good genes. My mom doesn’t have wrinkles! But yeah, I don’t smoke or drink & I use sunscreen. I mix my own moisurizer from coconut oil, tea tree oil & aloe.	Thank you so much for responding I'm taking notes, hahaha! Hope you have a wonderful day	others
7070	Charlotte Osei changed to a new logo; we got a new president. Jean Mensa has gone for the former logo; we are getting the former president.	In your dreams Bro!	definitely it will happen!!	others
7071	She think she can do wat she want tf	Das ha problem right dea	Oh welll	others
7072	I don't understand why God let me meet Taphadzwa. Maybe she's a lesson. The way she don't feel the same for me fuqs me up. She calls when she needs help apa i try by all means to avoid her. Was hurt when she confessed she dating a married guy	I feel u	It's sad	others
7073	Can’t stand the big fuss over cards... I’d rather give the person the value of the card & them have the chance of winner on a scratch card or something... Rather than look at it for 10 seconds do that false ahh noise then 2 weeks later put it out for the bin man	Cards r the best when there’s a pink slip tucked inside though	Hahaha now we’re talking ! I message you over my address	others
7074	Wagers or matches anyone?	Yo	What’s goood	others
7075	Picked up these babies for £20 from	Thank you! The Thesaurus is indeed a riveting read! ;)	Keeps one on the edge of the seat.	others
7076	I really can't loose contact with Nje  The realest nigga ever... he always keeps it 110% real.	you'll lose him with that kind of English	You'll lose your other leg if you come here with that bullshit	others
7077	I'm so behind on I feel bad	You should	I know, I'm missing out	others
7078	Y’all I literally just woke up and my job is calling me again to pick up a shift don’t u see that I’m laying in bed all warm with the sound of the rain	don’t do it	Call me sister stupid cause I said yes	others
7079	twitter is shit	Ur silly	full of twats that can’t make me laugh :)	others
7080	"Computers ~1960s ""Gotta have dumb terminals, all the computing power is in the big computer room"" Computers ~1980s ""Gotta have your own computing power, no more dumb terminals"" Computers ~2020s ""Gotta have dumb terminals, all the computing power is in the big computer room"""	Your years are too far apart.  This actually filps back and forth like every 5 years, lol	But then the tweet isn't as funny. :)	others
7081	Yes boo	Awayu	I'm fine boo	others
7082	Geddy Lee has the best bass tone on earth case closed	Cygnus X-1 tho	Don't care what anyone says; 2112 through hemispheres is top tier rush	others
7083	Right! Talk about a range of emotions!	IM NOT EVEN SLIGHTLY READY	Same! I’m gonna try to hold back some of my emotions	others
7084	toast	my sON UR ADORABLE	i love you cutie	others
7085	Fan air hitting my bum so nice	What bum	Since you last saw me, mxm I have bums!!	others
7086	Can WE discuss why George Bush always giving Michelle some candy	I thought that was alil strange as well	What was	others
7087	wbk	GANGGGG	not to be a psycho but bang is in my top 100 of 2018, bih when i say i like your music...	others
7088	where are you from hoe — germany hh	ich bin cool,bist du cool? ja ja logo ja	KSJSKSK THAT SONG GIVES ME FLASHBACKS	others
7089	Ever cry so much your head starts hurting? Me rn. I hate men.	They aren’t worth it :( I love you lemme know if we gotta make a move	I love you	others
7090	|| jodie deserved a nomination but I can’t be too salty bc sandra got one.	|| I'll be salty for the both of us. I'M STILL MAD.	|| NEXT YEAR. she’s getting a bafta nom, mark my words.	others
7091	When your dog really is famous hahaha	I’m now wondering where my photos are from meeting Beanie so I can brag about “I knew her when”	We can always do a pup date in NYC	others
7092	so grateful to share my fat idiot son with the love of my life ...	i love you and also our cat son....... who is so dumb! but also very sweet	he's really just doing his best! such a boy	others
7093	I want some 7/11 hot chocolate	Thats gross!	Why? Cause they don’t have an almond milk option?	others
7094	I feel attacked	Lmao on the Europe trip when we split all the bottles at the restarant bc no one else wanted it	Lmaooooo I forgot about that	others
7095	Some of tears in heaven cos why not	Gay bastard	You’ve got a slit in your eyebrow pipe down cocksucker	others
7096	I think everyone is being very cruel and unfair about the people of Blyth after tonight’s C4News report. I know from personal experience that, given the right opportunities and training, northerners can make very faithful pets.	But don’t they bite?	Best not to take chances - use a muzzle at all times.	others
7097	Lol stop chattin my guy	I sent out bread already lol 2 ppl so far	You ballin	others
7098	Who is the best John DiMaggio character	Hot Take: The Joker	It was a tie between putting that or BatB Aquaman. I just flipped a coin for that	others
7099	i've been at this commission on and off for over a month now and it just will not come out right and im about to just give this person a refund ugh	Been there. Honestly, unless the money's absolutely necessary, sometimes its better to refund and have peace of mind vs struggling. Have you tried to talk to the person about possibly making something a bit simpler?	it's literally just a headshot i just can't draw lmao	others
7100	Platz 37 Mal sehen ob ich weiter höher komme	Welches lied?	Gintama op 21  I wanna be Spyair	others
7101	I give it a week until I'm in Twitmo.	I got suspended, appealed, & got my account back in 3 days. Which was cool. Not so cool: no one noticed I was gone.	I'm honestly very sorry, lol, it has been awful around here!	others
7102	It's the difference between description & prescription. Men & women do differ psychologically, cognitively & behaviourally on average but there is huge overlap. There is also no justification for prescribing what men & women should do based on what more of them want to do.	Sometimes, when I’m tempted to pitch in, I have to remind myself that Helen has this covered - which is nice, cos then I just eat popcorn.	You can still pitch in!	others
7103	Idc what nobody say white people fake and racist	You think all or some lol	Lol u know I am	others
7104	A week from today, I’ll be back home in Buffalo	The city where I first had wings. And went to a wedding at Canissus Chapel	I bet you’ve never had better wings since!	others
7105	Okay I’m ready for Popcaan now pls.	Wah ya say wah ya do	It’s 11pm, find sleep	others
7106	i’ve been to 17 concerts one direction 8x, harry 5x, niall 2x, 5sos 1x, selena gomez (LMAO) 1x	YOU WENT TO 8 ONE DIRECTION CONCERTS? OMG SIS YOURE SO LUCKY, iv only been to one because 1d only came to my country once lmao	yes 3 wwa, 4 otra, and 1 jingleball i’m glad u got to see them though!	others
7107	Both are good series, how do you watch yours that dey are boring? Even Vikings is so interesting self!	As in erh!!	as in erh!! Say they’re interesting or what?	others
7108	I read the ah ah ah first, and thought you were talking about Spider-Woman	Not yet my man, not yet (I need to read more about her lol)	No, Her animated series' opening	others
7109	Talk about fake news oh my god	It’s ok that your favorite artist didn’t sell over 220 certified records in the U.S.	He sold the most digital singles ever but he isn’t even in the top 10 for total number of certified records sold in America	others
7110	"High thoughts ""My honeymoon gonna be one of those naked and afriad series where we get stranded on an island and try to live off of it."	Iakwe your future wife. U r so not romantic lmao	Ahaha. Why you say that? I mean we get ro cuddle, star gaze, and i get to see whay im dealing with for the rest of my life	others
7111	Alert: can anyone help me find a job in the U.S ?	What you interested in?!	Anything to do with development, policy advisor, human rights, particularly women’s rights, gender equality... along those lines. It is super difficult to find an entry level job in those areas though.	others
7112	Why can't game previews contain actual game play scenes any more? That's nice you made wonderful cinematics... but that's *not* the game. any thoughts?	Depends on the game. If it's a game like Battlefield then you know the gameplay already. But yeah I don't generally trust a preview until I see some actual in-engine gameplay.	I never played battlefield, and thoughnthe cinematics are beautiful - i'm skeptical of game play	others
7113	what even	Was the rapid cutting between the two supposed to...signify something Other than making meme material	the whole show is trying to be a Bourne movie but animated action moves so much faster than live-action that all it does it make it a nonsensical mess	others
7114	Why wasn't Dutton referred? His childcare centres have taken $5.6 million in Commonwealth subsidies. It is disgraceful behaviour by both major parties. Who is looking after the taxpayer? ...crickets	Labor needs crossbench to support it as dont have numbers They won't budge as in pockets of lnp Liblites	Sorry, they fell one short in the lower house before Wentworth and the Julia Banks defection. They have let Dutton effectively steal $5.6 million.	others
7115	How did I never notice Tim battling with the giant inflatable snowman before???	How indeed!! Perhaps my finest TOTP moment...?	It's up there with you sticking your tongue out at the camera on Wogan!	others
7116	A Dream That We Dream  That Is Never Dreamt	We dream and hope that will be right ! Have a nice life !	Why so finite? Have a lovely evening my Ben	others
7117	Some sell drugs the other ones like me got straight out of class and went to work so the one time a month you’d see me I was racked up	If that ain’t a fact	Lmfao bro I know you know I literally never popped up anywhere I was ALWAYS at work	others
7118	Just going to leave this here. I will be gone waaaay longer then a hour. So I hope you all have a wonderful day!	You are a kind and friendly person. Someone I know I can count on and a true gentleman. I'm so glad to be your friend	Thank youuuuu SARAH! You are so kind and wonderful. You are a true blessing.	others
7119	I used to go round my bestfriends house to make out with her whilst our brothers were at football practice... and I was convinced it was just aDmIrAtIoN	Are you guys still bestfriends?	I see her occasionally, not as close.. our parents are still really good friends and her boyfriend seems LOVELY	others
7120	I know it doesn’t look like I’ve done loads but it really does take forever drawing on the phone, youngk offically has an eye though!	What kind of app you use? And you use pen?	Adobe! and no I just use my fingers	others
7121	Let me RT this so it gets out to the masses.	Was that kid even born then? How would he know the status of mental health at UTK in those years?!	Every negative response to that tweet is Class of 2020 or younger. Kids that were born, post 9/11. You know who else was born then? My 12 year old daughter. And I don't a place any material weight into her opinions on how the world should work either.	others
7122	Spotify wants me to listen to William Shatner	...it's a really good album but I haven't wanted to listen to it in a while because he's such a shit.	Shatner’s fascinating to me because for the longest time I genuinely think he was improving (even though his ego never faded) and then he suddenly did a massive fucking heel-turn straight into “DO I OFFENDED YOU????!” territory	others
7123	whoever still follows the one stupid account that everyone also hates better unfollow them rl quick. y’all know who im talking bout. unfollow or im breaking the mutual	w-who	s**fics	others
7124	“the Duke told pilots: 'I told George this morning we were going to see the pilots today, and he said 'if you see a helicopter can you take a picture?'” George is so cute  ()	Oh yes he is!! Someone from the staff probably took a picture for William of that aircraft next to him during his speech to show it to George	So cute and innocent how all he wants is a picture!	others
7125	FREE ANIMATED OVERLAY  Download here:  Easy to edit. Instructions included!	gimme yo paypal, I’ll send $5 for this stuff bcause this is too good to be free	My PayPal is in the “read” file Thanks for the support!	others
7126	I'm bored, nothing to play with.	invent a new one?	I smacked an ornament off the tree.	others
7127	You fine as two grapes getting stomped out by a giant cask I tell shorty this like 4x a day	Hmmm sounds like chance the rapper!	That it is sir	others
7128	...does this mean Twitter is going to become the new Tumblr?	Can I post dick pics?	I fucking can't with you	others
7129	One of those days when you come home and the smoke alarm is beeping. Dash back out to the store for D batteries, only to return and find 1. the smoke alarm takes AA batteries, and 2. it was the carbon monoxide detector with the dying battery beeps.	What battery does it take? All mine are 9V	Weirdly AA, but 9V (not D) was what I bought.  I’m not too good with battery nomenclature.	others
7130	Guys a fucking idiot. Large % of goals in friendlies against shite.	Couldn’t agree more on this. Played in shit leagues against mostly shit players. Rules him out being the best, for me. But...... he also said this, which i DO fully agree with	You know what Daz, I'm happy to be open to the Maradona shout. He was definitely a generational talent!	others
7131	not a goodbye brotha, a see ya soon.	I’m not crying	shits sad gonna miss y’all bitches	others
7132	queen but uncrowned	yOURE THE PRETTIEST	omg STOP that’s u smooooch!	others
7133	When I first heard the phrase “slush pile” I was kinda appalled that that was the standard way to refer to a lit mag’s unsolicited submissions and still am honestly and there must be a better metaphor that honors the real courage of making art and sending it out into the world	Rue #1 of being a pro writer: grow a thicker skin.  The sidebar at the front of magazines which says who worked on it is called the 'flannel panel'.	Not sure I quite follow?	others
7134	im so fkin pissed off rn	What happened???? :(	im just feeling this way ;-; im okayy	others
7135	Todos sabemos que RDR 2 va a ganar los game awards	Se lo merece.	Obvio	others
7136	Show off your	Love the recipe but chilled soup and barbecuing in December??????	It's a natural choice year-round for our Southern flavor lovers, and a great way to dream of warmer days for the rest of us.	others
7137	My December goal is to finish my Statius chapter before ChristmasI'm really hoping I'll be able to do so - this has been my PhD monster chapter and although I'm happy with it now, it's taken a lot of perseverance to get here	The ugly little monster will be the darling of your thesis. Promise.	This made me feel a lot better - much appreciated	others
7138	Cold ass Modelos type of weather	When you coming home ?	Chill you can’t hang you always get too fucked up	others
7139	I walk into my weekly 1:1 telling my boss “this is what we’re gonna do” and then we do that. I love it	lucky	I’ve had many non-ideal situations but this one has been a blessing!	others
7140	MAKE for 스트레이키즈(! You can bring them to where you are!	hello! mxm? astro (priority):  dreamcatcher:	Done I hope they come to Madrid~~	others
7141	Update: Our network teams continue to make this a top priority and we are slowly beginning to restore our services which will continue throughout tonight. Here's our latest position with a joint statement from our and Ericsson UK & Ireland's CEO >	Back up in Milton Keynes. Thank you.	This is fantastic news! Thanks so much for your patience today and we're really sorry for the inconvenience	others
7142	WATCH: Taxpayers to Be Held Liable After Cops Tortured Man Strapped to a Chair With Pepper Spray	I read the article, but it didn't seem to explain why the taxpayers are held liable.	Well let's see... who's gonna pay for the trial and damages? Shark Tank?	others
7143	wat am I goin to do wit hertellin at her fake ass teddy bearto be quite	Omgggg what a cutieee	Thank you!	others
7144	he’s singing dinda with the most tenat voice what do i do	Gurl whatttt	bithc he’s like having breathing problems but he’s still singing i’m scared	others
7145	Officially part of the Lightbox Expo, see you in Pasadena!	Super excited to have you!	The feeling is mutual!! I am already scratching my brain for what kind of demo I will be presenting!	others
7146	This man posts an IG story every time he gets into even the slightest argument with a woman	Every time!	"Just the other day Future was on there talking about ""I DON'T ARGUE WITH WOMEN WHO FEET BIGGER THAN MINE"" and I was like ""Alright, who hurt you this time?"""	others
7147	say something nice	just used my crystal ball and can confirm arsenal get top 4	omfg AMAN i hope so	others
7148	I'm Sick & I Work A Lot | VLOGMAS DAY 5:	1) i hope delsym works for you because when i had what sounded like exactly what you described nothing helped 2) what kind of make up brush do you use / how do you feel about beauty blenders	Day 2 of delsym and I feel like it may be slightly helping but if it is it is a small amount that may not even be worth it And i use morphe brushes and beauty blenders it depends on the product for which one I’ll use!	others
7149	Name a more iconic wrap up, I'll wait.	um how do you see that??	Try the brilliant strategy of not sucking at everything, that's what I did	others
7150	Omg having my first ciggy in 2 years. Sooo good	did you quit by choice for those 2 years?	Yes. I had tried many times before	others
7151	I want this English textbook in my high school please	Haha sorry this one is made for Slovakia/Czech Republic only i think	in my book there is only Obama hahaha Spain 0 Slovakia/Czech Republic 1	others
7152	It's coming	Ummm, please?	Should be soon! I uploaded.	others
7153	I will make the most simple thing in to a massive massive drama, but when there’s something worth worrying about, I’m actually pretty calm and logical. Weird.	Interesting trait there. I'll keep it professional	That's good too!	others
7154	Starmie is up there.	Neato on Alolan Muk and Mega Gengar	I like them both. But ngl mega gengar and zam should be banned	others
7155	Na Monday	Fokoff	You don't rate me eru aya	others
7156	Having a	Beautiful color for an E46!	Yeah you don't see LSB very often.	others
7157	Special offer to our first 100 guests! For only $30: Sandwiches for a year AND a 4-pack of Cinnabon. PLUS! All-day $6 meal deal.	Now this is a great deal!	Thanks! Would love to have you there!	others
7158	Wow! I can't believe this is the first vlog ever recorded!	i was having an ASS day and seeing this vid again just fixed everything wow	I hope today was better!!!	others
7159	I’m literally such a basic bitch, what the hell	I don’t even remeber listening to that much of the neighbourhood but okay	My top songs make me laugh because there’s noooo way they’re accurate but	others
7160	Bro supreme really cancelled my box logo orders wtf	Did your charge drop?	Takes 3-5 days	others
7161	Changes I want to see come season 6: Fenrir Pele Changes Xbal Rework Changes to Hybrid Items like Void Shield/Stone Spear of the Magus Change Probably Feel free to reply with anything u think should change as well	Hel and Hades rework (:	Hades for sure	others
7162	outage - Dale Lace area etc send to supervisor - please switch off all non essential appliances etc in the meantime	10:30 pm... 84 CR Swart still out....	I have sent it to Randburg depot	others
7163	Perfect	Holly shit black worshipper of nulgath + unarmed + prismatic evil aura done	Bro you don't understand how perfect this is lmaoo A very much needed helm, so glad made this	others
7164	Unexpected Friday off Leeds on Saturday and a piss up with the finest people known to man. If Carlsberg did weekends.	Result!!!!	You know it mucker	others
7165	Lots of former Bucs involved here — Mike Alstott, Simeon Rice, Jeff Garcia, Cadillac Williams, Chris Hovan, Kevin Carter ...	That makes 3 new football leagues to start up in the near future! No way they all can make it. Who of the 3 survives, if any of them?	This one isn’t nearly as far down the road in development process as AAF or XFL ...	others
7166	If you want a great example of how to use Twitter well, go and check out . Going to use these guys as an example in my upcoming keynotes.	Thanks for the heads up - just checked them out - epic!	Not bad eh!	others
7167	I guess this just happened	no injuries thank god	Yeah, the pics are just crazy to watch.... mix of skill, technology and a bit of luck that stopped that plane a few feet from the road	others
7168	if canela was a human	YASSS workkk PC:	lmao nick it was twitter so i didn’t think about pc my bad	others
7169	My Spotify top 100 songs this year is just a chronical of what I listened to on repeat while writing send me a number and I'll tell you the song and which fic I wrote to it	5!!	"The Shatterdome from the Pacific Rim soundtrack. I do almost all my sprints to pacrim but most recently ""By Order of the Crown"" for those horsey action scenes!"	others
7170	Y'all really fuck with Charlie Puth or is this just like, a running gag?	this is a personal attack	Gonna need a song rec bc right now...	others
7171	One rag for my whole body  Lordt.	Ugh	I'm not understanding	others
7172	BLH is the dumbest man on this app.	Donny’s up there.	I don't even count him anymore. He doesn't believe what he says, he just likes making people mad.	others
7173	apparently I haven't had Spotify long enough for it to give me a year end list but I'm gonna tell you now: I have basically only listened to Coheed and Cambria this year	How did making fun of them so much turn into earnestly liking them, where did we go wrong	Claudio is a man imbued with power we cannot fathom	others
7174	Want bigger tires , so this is how I’m going to get them faster	Almost smacked that curb haha	Yeah I seen the curb and let off you can hear me let off a lil	others
7175	Ich hab heute nen Streamer kaputt gemacht xd Hab ihm 100€ am Anfang des Streams donatet und jetzt ist er ein wenig kaputt xd Schenkt dem guten Simon ein wenig Liebe von mir:	SPINNER!	YEET! xd	others
7176	Yes, we have officially reached THAT stage. Haven't we, cupcake?!	Yes, we have my lil ice cream sundae with whipped cream on top	I'll admit defeat. I can't top that.	others
7177	Everyone go harass my man into letting me get a puppy	I'm on it	Thanks I picked out a few	others
7178	"are there any recent pb topics that you feel are currently a bit ""overdone"" and past their peak in terms of interest to publishers?"	Honestly, no, not for Nosy Crow. I think that there are new ways to express things we've said/heard before.	Excellent! I often use your technique from the Masterclasses of combining two different topics of interest to children - some interesting and unexpected story ideas can certainly emerge!	others
7179	Who am i kidding no one cares.	Hi I'm no one	:< hugs your head	others
7180	I'm trying to tell myself it's ok that the shop only has a handful of reviews because they're all 5 stars. (Don't tell me otherwise. I'm fragile.)	I believe I gave you a review did it show up?	I don't see it, but it's not a big deal. I was just having a weird moment when I tweeted that lol	others
7181	pay her tuition	Fuuuck no Wtfuck I’m not rich	yes u is	others
7182	First day in the Netherlands was lovely. Spent the day at the beach, had my first frikandel speciaal, tried a canned Coke (tastes hella different from the US version), and had dinner at a nice restaurant. Now enjoying my favorite: stroopwafels.	enjoy your time love. big hug ivan for me	Will do, bb	others
7183	who in the boyz has the prettiest eyes?	chanhee, i dont make the rules	i love ur username	others
7184	I can't do anymore meetings today.. PLEASEEEEE!!!!	Haha me yesterday.4 before lunch	I feel drained af.. I hate having to pretend to be interested in people's ideas lmfao..	others
7185	sometimes i remember that my horrible former friend was monster kin	Gray I’miterally SCREAMJNNGGGGGG	YEAH SHE WAS	others
7186	Omg just fixed me a bomb ass burger!!! It’s been a while , I think I’m back on the Wendy’s train	Download their app and check out the deals. It’ll tempt you to go there daily.	I almost went again today	others
7187	It has been confirmed Mark Zuckerberg killed Vine. Time to bring out the pitch forks.	I've never been on the train until now.	There’s never been a better time	others
7188	Usual rebound following first midterm election for starters.... But it's way too early to tell.	If the dems don’t control themselves, and they won’t, I have no doubt the House comes back. The senate map looks bad for the dems too.	Let's do it!	others
7189	Tchun die kavaipa	is a legend.	You should have seen me in my childhood with my ashy skinny legs... jirrr	others
7190	Somebody put every board game name on BGG into a neural network and generated game names. And boy, are they terrific.  Some hits: Scrabble Commander: The Game of Crimes The Struggle of the Third Edition	Wizards could easily do Santa Commander as an mtg release. Silver-bordered EDH fun.	A holiday-themed Commander product is not the worst idea, and could be quite fun. Taggin' Mr. for value etc	others
7191	I can speak to the quality of these bags. The Artemis is my travel bag of choice, it served me well on my trip to Orlando for the 21 Convention. Also, these prices are a friggen steal. Check their offers here:	hate to be that guy but these are just Aliexpress bags with a	You don’t “hate being that guy”, you voluntarily tweeted that lol	others
7192	:)<3	u look so good ily	U always the sweetestthank you honey stay cutiez	others
7193	I still haven't finished Bleach.	Don’t worry about it.	Did you finish it? I still kind of want to watch the rest...kind of.	others
7194	Yes they are	God gives you the kids for the betterment of whatever you going through in life! Or sometimes worse	That's so wise to say. I'm definitely realizing that!	others
7195	My living room comes tomorrow	All we need is a tv so I can take my sisters wii so I can whoop some ass in wii sports	I’m about to buy one from my uncle just to make to eat your words ... and get that ass in some Mario Kart	others
7196	Then I finally get to take ISTEP in the counseling office and I get 3 questions in and I hear over the Radio “nurse to Geheb motley passed out. So I jump up and we go get my sister. And now the proctor won’t let me do it because my full focus won’t be on my test. I’m STRESSED.	I’m sorry	It’s okay I still love you and I’m glad you’re all good	others
7197	put me on white cheddar cheez it’s in high school. this shit hit	HUH!?	you put me on!! i remember we were standing in the lunch line and you was broke, so you used quarters to buy your cheez it’s this is why i remember LOL, and you got the white cheddar cheez it’s & so i tried them that day too	others
7198	Are you a ? What are you today? Drop your down below I will follow you (Extra Stuff) Follow our twitter : Get on our auto-hosting list for twitch Retweet this : Get a shoutout	Fairly new streamer would appreciate all the support :). Thanks for helping us the little guys	So sorry for not seeing this! We will follow u right away :)	others
7199	I don’t trust people who cut their regular pizzas with a fork and knife.	You actually know someone ? Lmao	I just saw someone next door at franks cutting up her pizza... truly disturbed me.. it’s thin pizza lmao	others
7200	Wow Zouis is trending	It's been trending all day	Just came on here today ahha	others
7201	Good to see the old crown reopening tomorrow! It's supposedly £1 a pint to begin with. I doubt how true it is	Yes spoilt for choice now in Bradford for pubs!	I messaged eyes brewery but they haven't got an opening date yet!	others
7202	i-	i got something like that too wtf	wtf i	others
7203	Who the F*ck leaves a razor blade on someone’s car????	Psychopaths mainly.	Clearly! I’m a little disturbed!! Sitting on my windshield under the wipers!	others
7204	I genuinely thought these lines through photos on Instagram were a new influencer trend / photo edit.	What are they? I’m so confused	A glitch / error haha	others
7205	LMAO nigga that's bully ball	The funniest part is Blake. Standing there like	LMAO I guess that's what happens when you get dunked on	others
7206	Brother coming round to discuss Christmas plans quickly descended into an argument about something that happened 14 years ago & ended with us in hysterical laughter whilst his new girlfriend looked on with confusion. Welcome to the family, new person!	Your family sound fun!!	Loud. Fun. Fighty.. and that's without booze. Then it all descends into real chaos.	others
7207	I miss my ex-boyfriends dad is that weird	yes	Why can’t you support me	others
7208	Getting the itch to play Bloodborne again, but I don't wanna use the same weapons I usually do. But I'm wondering how I can set up a weirder build properly. Mmmhh.	Take it to a randomizer and see how weird it gets~	Mmmhhh. I'm not even sure how a randomized build would work with Bloodborne. Just randomize the stat distribution for the highest level you want to reach and start putting points into stats by level up to reach those attributes?	others
7209	So glad I declined to be in YT rewind	Did they actually ask you?	Yeah, offered me compensation to. Lele Pons wanted to get dinner even, but it wasn't my sorta thing tbh	others
7210	Shoutout to a real sweetheart who is about to hit 30,000 followers today! Please follow Let’s get her there! She will follow back all of her great followers too!	Thank you Shawn I appreciate all of your support on here Patriots make sure you’re following	Thanks	others
7211	Think I have time for bitches with no car	Stop it!	She was blowing it	others
7212	If you don’t just sue them for emotional distress and get paiddddd	lmao, I was looking at your name for hella long tryna figure out who tf is Stacy... hey crystal, I hope you have a lovely day	Hi Nani yes it is I your favorite white girl on Twitter have a beautiful day as well gorgeous	others
7213	bass scene mister rodgers	I just kinda feel like you nailed it w this image and I think a well-timed sweater change at the beginning of your show might be nice	damn that’s gotta happen	others
7214	YT rewind 2018 was a flop	YT Rewind 2017 was a flop too	I think YT rewind has been a flop these past couple of years tbh but this year was just... sad	others
7215	Bruh my whole news feed changed lol	Cause your settings are based on your location lol	I know lol it’s just funny	others
7216	Good luck to everyone competing in Vegas... my picks to win are Cleff Kiv Problem Joke or Crush	Ight	I bet on u to win chill	others
7217	NO	YES I MISS HIM	U BETTER GIVE HIM THE SCRUNCHIE	others
7218	Why does even have a basketball team? They might as well end their season rn	still early and hopefully	Y’all are almost as embarrassing to the avctl as hutch football	others
7219	Sore throat has now morphed into a full on cold fml	Get well soon mate	Cheers mate, don't do colds lol!	others
7220	I would like to hear everyone’s thoughts on gravy on nandos, I’m not convinced	Does the gravy come with medium hot or extra hot options or is it just standard gravy. What colour is the gravy? Will the gravy be served in portions or can u have as much as you want. Need to know these things before we can rate it. We need answers	Omg I can’t even be arsed reading all that	others
7221	im doing a written scene for the next part of my au which is why its taking so long to update DHJFJFJ im a slow writer	but you're a good writer!!!!! :0 take ur time im EXCITED	i love u :(((( <333	others
7222	my grade in physics is a 25 i have to scream.. and cry	NICKKK HOW DO YOU HAVE A 25 FOR A GRADE-i’m confused	i havent had time to do most of the work and i did bad on a test	others
7223	كيف تقول ل زول انك مشتاق ليهو بدون م تقول ليهو انك مشتاق ليهو؟	عبرنا يا مدمرنا	Lol i did it once with my crush and it worked,lakn not this time	others
7224	Ask a family member to make some just make sure you put me some up.	It take too long to get soft I can’t do it	Yeah I don’t like it either	others
7225	7 year manufacturing defect warranty on the	does it come in hawt pink?	Nothing a little krylon can’t fix	others
7226	this is so unsurprising except idk how reflections by misterwives made it on my top songs lmao	Reflections is a bop though	oh absolutely i just didn’t realize i listened to it that much	others
7227	How is O2 still off?!?!	WHAT. THE. ACTUAL.	I know	others
7228	So many good shows this month my bank account is gonna hate me but it’s ok :))	The amount of money I have to spend on Christmas gifts is getting smaller and smaller	I haven’t even bought gifts yet ahhh my poor bank account	others
7229	bro do u have a crush on virgil? ;)) — Bro shut up	Ew	Broshutup	others
7230	Really need to get a trim Need to wait one more week	Ya do!	Thanks LOL One more week before I start work InshAllah	others
7231	Looks good. Save some for me	Chef really doesnt like browning sausages does he	Sausages were fine but broke my tooth on a sprout Only kidding but prefer mine to be on the soggy side, not hard boiled	others
7232	OK I'm going to say something extremely controversial and brave but Bill's presidency era Hillary was cute and regularly served some LEWKS	Reporting ya	I deserve it	others
7233	Girls with curls are a blessing!	your name is what we are tho );	Forever & always! Poor us	others
7234	at this point i feel like people only watch youtube rewind to complain about it	I think it gives a good insight into what the higher ups at YouTube think and want the platform to be, and despite going in every year expecting to dislike it, I'm appalled by how it somehow gets more and more out of touch with each passing year.	it's an interesting watch usually, for better or worse	others
7235	I had a dream that was on her deathbed (I’m so sorry!!). With that in mind she tweeted “I can finally reveal this to you all..” and then she tweeted...a spongebob meme...What?!	!!!! If I remember correctly, she told a story about popping into a Mugglenet chat room and discussing Spongebob once, so this makes perfect sense!	That’s awesome! Maybe my dream wasn’t so crazy!!	others
7236	Do u ever hurt your own feelings and decide u need to put urself to bed	Yes girl, it be like this sometimes	It really do, rip me :,)	others
7237	I swear matty came for my arse talking about Ross looool	He draggedddddd	I’m logging off loooooool imma find a code name for Ross	others
7238	everyone in my fucking house leaves all the fucking lights on even when they’re not in the fucking room literally FUCK OFF	r u my dad	no but in all serious it’s contributing to climate change and the world is gonna end so	others
7239	Five things I love that aren’t people or books:  Anime  Space  Creation  Rock  Learning	how the fuck did I not know you loved anime how has this never come up	I fuckin love anime omfg	others
7240	I migrated all of my family's phone numbers to a new provider. Is there anything else I need to do to close out my T-Mobile account?	Hey Dan, DM us to take a look at this account and ensure you get all the right information. *JoanO	Done. Thanks.	others
7241	When brees broke the record for passing yards on that touchdown felt like the building was gonna collapse it was so loud	Yeah that bitch was loud as fuck for a good minute ..Them other games sent me home with headaches	The Minnesota championship game was loud from my TV when porter caught the pic I could only imagine how it was in there	others
7242	As if a Zulu isn’t enough they had to bring in a Mwale, why couldn’t Shupiwe’s old bae be ka Chisanga or ka Mulenga? Easterners are good people, their names can’t be put in disrepute like this.	One Zambia One Nation	But of course... I just think Bemba names would be better	others
7243	If that about kracists kicked out jaychang from undernineteen is true im truly convinced their racism is a serious issue...	But they’re voting for Eddie so what’s the tea? They don’t like other Asians?	what does eddie has to do here ?? I hope he's not being mistreated or smth bc i can sense they won't debut him either	others
7244	east coast was slumped as hell i rmr	I WAS AWAKE FYM!	if u were in bed that counts as slumped	others
7245	legolas bitch stop being so over dramatic you look like your father	and what about it	i just find it so funny how he reacts to gimli being threatened by eomer xjdndj	others
7246	Happy today!	Like Giannis	I said my	others
7247	ONE YEAR AGO. i saved this adorable baby boy from the shelter. it’s been quite a wild ride but one i would never change! love you Peanut	Awwww yay!!! LOVE YALL!!! So glad y’all found each other... gotta love peanut sweet boy	amen to that! him & chief neeeeeed a play date again soon!	others
7248	Well, well, well..... these two getting chummy could mean great things for the state of our nation.	Not convinced Kennedy is that great of an option	I mean- there are better options but, there are far worse as well. I want to see the party get younger and more progressive at every turn. He likes legal weed and civil liberties. But, that state of the union response was a fucking bummer.	others
7249	Just applied a Whitestone Dome Screen protector for a video, let me just say, I’m not a massive fan of the installation process… In fact I have a few bubbles under it	User error!!! User error!!! I have installed around 5 or 6 now and if you are patient and follow the instructions properly it is hard to go wrong.	The thing is, I did. This is like my 3rd time applying one	others
7250	Had to speed walk like 2 miles in order to get to meeting in 8 minutes cause i had woke up late	Run, it’s good exercise. It probably would’ve made you sharper for the meeting too	man i would of been so out of breathe hell naw	others
7251	First SHINY!!!! Hell yeah.	Grats dude. Getting that shiny butterfry?	I wanted to get shiny beedrill first cos it’s mega form shiny is sick. Next I’m getting nidoran male. Did you get a shiny already bro?	others
7252	The garbo nearly got a strike this morning! Is it that hard to leave them up?	Nice Green lawn Bookers would be Proud if you !	A decent off season of preparation	others
7253	So you're allergic to oats, soy, coconut, hemp, peas, quinoa, almond, pistachios, hazelnuts, spelt, peanuts, coconut and rice? Must suck to live with so many food allergies.	you know they’re full of shit	Oh I know I just wanna humour them	others
7254	wtaf did i just watch . . .	I couldn’t tell if it was trying to be serious or not	I know, right?! It was almost too earnest, like they were making fun of people/company's who go overboard showing how much they think gay people are just like everyone else, but just ambiguous enough to make you wonder if it actually was an earnest attempt at that.	others
7255	A civet cat really isn't a cat, it's more like a weasel crossed with a raccoon.  They eat raw coffee cherries, which which contain the bean. Their bowels digest the outer fruit flesh and pass the bean. Supposedly, this passage through the civet makes for a smoother brew.	And a rockier poo.	Like a Baby Ruth.	others
7256	Anyone else get annoyed when someone calls you “bud” or is it just me	Dude, omfg this drives me ducking insane. [Excuse my language] This is my biggest pet-peeve. It’s like dude, I have two kids, pay my bills, and I pay taxes. GTFO with the buddy [not your 5 year old son] shit. Sorry for the rant,this makes me cringe when people call me buddy	Especially when it’s done in a snarky way like tf outta here with that shit	others
7257	dude big ugly looking like the ugly cat outside my house rn	Man just @ me if you're gonna talk about me like this	damn okay	others
7258	shit we are going to have to switch to paper eels now	Maybe the seal should stop snorting things up his nose	hey let the seal live his life however he wants. for all I know those electric eels get you all tuned up	others
7259	Need to move away from Rochdale cos I am genuinely exhausted from arguing with middle aged men in the local EVERY WEEK about why they shouldn’t use the n-word/gay slurs etc etc	If i get a proper job by February can we have the maddest bachelor pad in South Manny?	I mean. Yes. Absolutely. Just need to get me self a job down there as well.	others
7260	Me sorprende lo caradura que soy a veces	te odio	Bitch, don't fuck with me	others
7261	What if I sold the house emptied my bank account dumped my phone and just fucked off and didn’t tell anyone where I was going would I even be missed	You sure would my friend xx	Thank you my darling is it sad the only place I would be missed is here	others
7262	Hold on a minute.....	I don't get this what is it	TrippierWayz	others
7263	is fucking nuts fair play x	Got to be done chels X	“Me an u both :)” girl u make me laugh x	others
7264	Need more like ya	Ain’t appreciated	somebody will, cause i would appreciate a person like ya you couldn't go wrong	others
7265	8 L's in row Zion here we come	You really think you’re gonna out tank us?	Yes, yes I do	others
7266	Tetenal is in Trouble. They Need your Help. – Studio C-41	Not good... But imho, they should sell the parts of their kits separately. Esp. the bleach/fix combo (c41) is a 1a waste... This was the reason to buy different stuff this time	I think that’s the sort of feedback they are after	others
7267	I don’t know why anyone is bothering to debate the merits of “Baby it’s cold outside” when the superior Christmas song, Mariah Carey’s “All I want for Christmas” exists.	They are wildly different energies.	"Yeah I'm just saying that if your Christmas music isn't primarily ""All I Want for Christmas"" on a loop then you're doing the holidays wrong."	others
7268	doctor: you have 32 seconds to live me:	his lil byebye projected me into another universe	tag yourself i'm the right tear :(	others
7269	Ew.	They don’t look as bad as I thought	I’m kidding. Lol. You just got an overlay?	others
7270	my non american people, do you guys have to say a pledge to your country everyday when you get to school? i just find it so weird that we have to do that everyday	You do what now--?	a pledge of allegiance for america	others
7271	And then there's that other podcaster, the one who doesn't say his name often enough. Wait. It'll come to me. Does the tag mean anything to you?	Who, me? :)	You could have said your name a few more times during thst last episode of Functional Nerds to help me remember.	others
7272	Start Spencer ware or Corey davis in flex	Thanks coach!	Thats a question dumbass	others
7273	I know I'm super early and all, but I couldn't wait to get this boy out there! Enjoy	And what did you use in after effects to make this	I used shape layers and transformations! Vectors linked to nulls and animated them along a path. Only effects used was posterization along with a few for the background.	others
7274	Primary reason for me to use Edge	Curious. Would google still have access to it with the chrome at its core? And what is the difference between google tracking/spying and Microsoft tracking/spying?	I think I would rather trust Microsoft than Google	others
7275	Estoy muy acostumbrada a ver a la gente decir que por las redes sociales no se hacen amigos, que no son un sitio adecuado para encontrarlos, y he de decir que no estoy en absoluto de acuerdo. Hace unos meses, conocí a una persona increíble, una persona con la que sólo compartía+	SOIS LO MAS CUTE QUE HE VISTO EN MI VIDA POR DIOS	Love u	others
7276	u ever think about getting ur dick sucked while at work cuz damn	Go beat off	ill occasionally give a few tugs when I run to the bathroom lol	others
7277	both my classes cancelled in bed not getting wet, Netflix on	Were they canceled or did you cancel them?	they were cancelled bro I swear, usually I cancel them but they blessed me today	others
7278	I.... I don't even know I should write down these things or just wait for the right person to talk about them.	(can i ask what things?)	We gonna talk about it, I just don't think writing them down would do enough justice to them	others
7279	|| oh lord i'm boutta make an account for a CANON muse. it's been ...... 3 thousand years..... |	|| follow me if you do-	|| i will! <3	others
7280	.에서	Number 30 is Jason McCourty not Duron Harmon Brian	Really? Thanks. I will write that down. I bet you are a lot of fun at a party	others
7281	Drawing items from the  Don't miss it next year!!!!	Wow	You all knew I was arty crafty ;)	others
7282	can someone write my essay i’m not joking 5-6 pages	Omg the replies	i’m deadass not even joking	others
7283	To my fellow directioners What would you do if one direction doesn't come back in 2020 ?	Wait for their revival in 30 years.	I would probably be in mental hospital by then	others
7284	When your boyfriend becomes your girlfriend	Do you own a charger sissy? Charge your phone lol	I so knew you were gonna comment about my battery life Can I have yours?	others
7285	Is this how you understand it? ?    Stephen Barclay::  It will ensure that the 3.5 million EU citizens living in the UK and the nearly 1 million Britons living in the EU have their rights assured and can carry on living as they do now,	That is a load of tosh , cuz this isn’t Mays deal	Both front benchers - both in opening speeches of the 5 days of brexit debate - one 0n the 4th - one yesterday. Check Hansard.  But yes - it is a load of tosh - I agree	others
7286	Who’s got the plug for some dank tamales!?	Jugos Aztecs in highland park lol for Mexican ones not the nasty leaf ones	Always wanted to try that place	others
7287	My experience today wearing the	I want this t-shirt	Order in DM it's R180 , located in Rosebank and Braam	others
7288	i swear can people not start tweeting about smash ultimate i wanna play too ya know... ;-;	too late, it already started :(	i hate america always getting the good stuff first...	others
7289	me: bah humbug.  also me: ooohhh... ridiculous christmas filters.	I'd like to find you in my stocking Christmas morning	you must have a pretty big stocking.	others
7290	recreation  (all makeup details on ig	I love the new hair!!!	thank you!	others
7291	I’d actually like to get to the point of doing Space City Sports every week during NFL season, but I feel like is young and free and needs that time to cruise for chicks and I don’t want to stand in the way of that.	That's a solid commitment.	I watch out for my dudes.	others
7292	Having a good time blocking right-wing weirdos who are liking one of my tweets just because I’ve heard of the Barbary slave trade.	"It's a very "" blocky"" day, isn't it? Too much stupid going on."	Sometimes the universe just needs to remind me that there are garbage humans out there.	others
7293	This looks like a Texas house	Lol everything's bigger in TX.	You ain’t lying	others
7294	"do y'all feel awkward whenever you say ""i love you"" instead of ""i purple you"" to other armys?  'coz i never get awkward when i do that"	I love you... (ewwww)	I love you toooooooo yaaakkkk	others
7295	Hi guys I got married	ahhhh congratulations!!!! you look like a real life princess, that dress is beautiful!!!	Thank you!! I felt like such a princess	others
7296	man i wish i cared enough about being good at xiv. i tried looking at logs to compare cd usage between top parses and mine and after 5 minutes my eyes just glazed over and i closed out of fflogs tab	just play unist	that's the plan	others
7297	my job is giving me extra hours and im so happy! I LIKE WORKING AT THIS PLACE AND THE BOSS KNOWS IT	That's great!!!!	im hoping if i work hard enough they will keep me as a permanent not just seasonal	others
7298	Bro don’t be a chad!	You okay?	Yeah a guy I know from the golf course name is chad and always wears slacks without a belt. So we make the joke don’t be a chad	others
7299	nose piercing forcing me to relearn how to blow my nose is loooong! how the fuck!	exactly like normal????	I wish! It hurts and I just can't	others
7300	A huge thank you to the incredible	Congratulations on writing such a great piece, was a real pleasure to perform it!	Thank you so much for playing it, Matthew! So grateful to have been able to work with such an incredible, supportive and committed orchestra! What a learning experience.	others
7301	lmao	Wentz and Dak weren't made for this	Wentz just wants to throw tuddies, praise Jesus, and kill wild animals. Dak just wants to be a brand like his patron saint, Russell WIlson.	others
7302	Lmaoooooooo	Why u so goofy...I can hear u laughing	Yung I wasn’t expecting to see your name I bust out laughin in my office	others
7303	italy is a white country sweaty	What	you said white countries’ food is disgusting	others
7304	An amazing opportunity to do important work alongside great colleagues.	Justin this opportunity is made for you!!!	As I find myself saying too often these days... I fear I'm getting too old for that! But I will be sure to send stellar applicants your way (not that you would need any help attracting those...)	others
7305	Did my first commission art piece!	You’re a badass!	I love it when you lie. Tell me another	others
7306	If you're a  Like and Retweet for other	No fuck off	Love stick to your Christmas carols	others
7307	More interesting facts on my listening habits because I know twitter was just dying to know	I almost spent a day listening to parquet courts	Oh man just now realized I listened to their most recent album the Friday it was released. That album artwork is very memorable lol	others
7308	unfollow spree done, if I unfollowed and you want to keep the mutual (but let's be active mutuals bb) or I messed up unfollowing you just like this and I'll follow you again, to everyone else who survived: congrats ilysm	I'm a survivor I m a winner !	of course you are ajdbsak	others
7309	These would give me Christmas nightmares!	"I've shared that first one on Facebook before and the consensus was ""why would you do that to us?"""	He's like the Staypuff Marshmallow Man from Ghostbusters.	others
7310	I spent last night after the stream getting some packages ready for One Year subs which feature the cute Kraken Pin. Who knows, some of these may also be sent out as part of the giveaway!  Have you entered yet?	I need that color of purple shipping bag in my life, where can I find these?!	All from amazon! I need to PM you about something I want to do so I can drop you the links if you’d like	others
7311	Me urge una Western Bacon!!!	Vamos te invito que onda?	Super YES <3<3<3	others
7312	So, how many hours did YOU listen to 5SOS last year in your	Well...	1,020!!!! , you owe this girl some free merch!!!	others
7313	We are out here. Living our best lives & eating our poverty food	Na kombela	You’re going to get food poisoning	others
7314	I would imagine this is of interest to the Mets.	"I'm not sure why, but yesterday YouTube suggested I watch the Scott Hatteberg ""we want you at first base"" scene from Moneyball. That seems relevant here."	Tell him it's not that hard, Wash.	others
7315	19 films left of the, might just do this after all.	Then you'll just need another 100 films!	I have another 100, but may defer it a year.	others
7316	I admire people who write fantasy or novels set way back in history. I think it’s a real skill. I can only write about things I know, such as life in the 70’s. What it’s like to live with someone who is violent. Please R.T	All the research required, hard work.	I can’t see how it can be anything other than hard work.	others
7317	stop me just having a breakdown on main im so stressed ghsjdkskdkf but thanks everyone i appreciate it	lov u :(	i love u too fhdjdkkfkf i just. have to last like five more days	others
7318	What the fuck is everyone's problem with cheese and Christmas cake?	Easy. Christmas cake is rotten. Cheese, however, is great.	Christmas cake can be rank, I'll grant you that, but if it's done well, it's awesome.	others
7319	"I get to work and as I am getting out of my car I mumble to myself, ""let the day begin"", I step into what I think is water, close the door to my car, and SWOOSH! I almost bust my shit because it was ice I stepped on!"	Hope you’re okay!	Yes luckily I didn't fall! Girl i miss ya crazy self!	others
7320	B*tch I’m playing w a check I don’t play around!	bitch if you don’t text me back i swear to god imma beat the fuck out of u.	You kiss your mother with that mouth?	others
7321	the boy with the broken heart, his goal is to rip everything apart.	(is this ok to rb?)	sure	others
7322	o2 you’re so fucking shit.	Literally so f’ing shit man. Gonna have to send my messages with a pigeon at this rate - pricks	LOL I love you.	others
7323	I was fortunate enough to be one of these 32	Congratulations! You are an expert.	I did wonder if they were really looking for me when they asked	others
7324	Idc what anybody say but bull was really getting washed in that viceland “gang initiation”episodeall haymakers	Dead ass	funniest video i seen	others
7325	We love a woman with taste!	i can relate w the amount of time spent listening to bts	392????? A true stan	others
7326	THIS IS IT CHIEF	i smuggled the xbox into my room and argued with my sister over headset usage for this...all worth it i;m so excited...i'll be live tweeting the best i can....even downloaded the free dlc (i'll get the rest when i get a job lmao)	ITS SO WORTH IT... THIS GAME IS A GIFT TO THE WORLD	others
7327	Sansa really let littlefinger persuade her into marrying Ramsay	One example of how badly the show downplayed Littlefinger's cunning and planning	Yeah it does, they did it very subtly throughout the whole show. Maybe it was done like that because that’s how he moved	others
7328	A White-breasted Nuthatch enjoys chowing down on some sunflower seeds until a Black-capped Chickadee lets him know that it’s time for him to let some other birdies eat.	How wonderful to have the trust of wild creatures like this.	It's pretty amazing! Some of the little birds do a quick grab and go, but others will sit for awhile (like this Nuthatch.) Never gets old.	others
7329	What are your favorite fitness apps? Been on Fitbit and My Fitness Pal and love the interaction between the two. Anything else I'm missing here?	Those two are it, and pen and paper(!) to record weight lifting	Can't find Pen and Paper in the app store please advise	others
7330	Heres mine.	You’re like 2k more minutes than me! I love that does this every year.	Its super cool. I kind of remember my results last year. My minutes are way up for sure this year since I bought a bunch of Amazon Echo Dots for the house. Been nice to just call out songs handsfree to hear. Of course, and all but we keep the speech clean. Haha	others
7331	If you're coming to	Ooh I’m coming! look forward to meeting you!	Hooray! I'm there all weekend!	others
7332	My new term is getting around.. not getting around as much as simon with nuns but hey, it’s getting around. *shrugs*	“What does it mean anyways?”	Chesticles... titties... you know think. Think testicles but chest... you know.. chesticles.. boobs. *points at hers* i dunno	others
7333	i stopped watching riverdale the minute they made this joke	by far one of the worst things that made it into the show	and it was only season 1 djdkdk yikes!	others
7334	Great turnout tonight. 3 new faces. 2 hamstrings done. A Neymar dive from	Few id’s needing checked next week and a clear push in the back missed again by officials	Yes. I think the reds got stroked by the young yellows	others
7335	My real name is Nikita Steel, which would’ve been a way better wrestling name also travelled New Zealand as a puppeteer, and once sang a solo piece in Hebrew for APPA.	Why did you change your name?!? That name was made for wrestling!	My mom thought she was super cool calling me by my middle name (Ashlee), set me up for a lifetime of being called the wrong name everytime I enrolled anywhere. Legally changed it at 18	others
7336	Why did the UPS delivery guy ask for my personal number so he can text me when he drops off my packages ¿?	That is not an accepted UPS procedure. Our drivers are not supposed to use their personal phones. Let us know if we need to follow up.^PR	Not today Satan, I ain’t no snitch	others
7337	I listen to too much music	How do you check that?	Google 2018 Spotify wrapped	others
7338	im at a really low point rn, shi suck	bless up king!! heads up	appreciate u king!	others
7339	I still haven't finished Bleach.	Nor have I. I just can’t...	Was it that bad? I want to say I left off on Season 2. I was distracted. Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood had my full attention at the time I started watching Bleach.	others
7340	Recognized as his Official Day on Dec 6, Saint Nicholas dies 343 AD, Greek bishop and saint.	Looks like you tagged Greg Bishop with Sports Illustrated	"Adam ~ Are you saying I pulled a ""George H. W. Bush,"" and shook the hand of a Twitter mannequin, named Greg Bishop, but he's"	others
7341	How you gonna get in the car and talk about my driving like I couldn’t of just let you walk??	Maybe because you are the CRAZIEST driver in history almost killed us on 96	But did you die b?	others
7342	Most kids want to go to Disney World, my grandson wanted to go to Israel. He saved his own money to give to the Israeli soldiers, Holocaust survivors, and orphans. To say I’m proud is an understatement. I truly believe God has big plans for this boy.	God bless and protect him.	thank you	others
7343	مساعدة ..  هل في أبلكيشن أو موقع في Audiobooks وتنصحوا بيه؟	Audible but I think enu awl book for free b3deen you need a subscription	Everyone is suggesting Audible, i guess i will try it	others
7344	This, from shows how amazingly generous people have been. All the areas coloured with Lost Words are places where the book has been crowdfunded into schools! Thank you everyone who has organised, gifted, delivered books.  You are amazing!	How can we crowd fund to fill in the bit of the map?	I think there are plans afoot.	others
7345	please wish me for tomorrow's exam. thanks	Best of luck	thanks P	others
7346	THEY ARRIVED ! WELCOME	im blocked	this djdjdj also omg i was going to apply for the mutual i didn’t realise u followed	others
7347	i went through my followers list and found i accidentally followed 43 porn accounts	Lol accidently	the follow button is unfortunately placed on the twitter app , my worst fear is i accidentally follow katie hopkins or similar	others
7348	I appreciate photos of me awkwardly standing next to things are of niche appeal, but here I am awkwardly standing next to a theatre I can’t justify spending £1500 to get inside.	"Who's ""Spring Steen""? Does he do covers of Big Daddy?"	I’m reliably informed Mr Steen is a noted singer-songwriter from somewhere called Noo Joisey.	others
7349	Willing to bet	"The gilead graduation and annual meeting re-runs aren't counted for JW Broadcasting rebuttals but if there's something interesting that should be considered for my ""worst of 2018"" review video please let me know!"	There is one talk in particular about trusting the FDS and how that trust is not geographically limited. I can send you a transcript if that’s helpful.	others
7350	gryffindor is the most underrated hogwarts house. drag me.	skdsjsks you really going thru it huh	sjskfksk i'm just stating facTS wdym	others
7351	queen but uncrowned	OOF I LOVE U	omg stop i love u more MWAH	others
7352	Please welcome me, I'm new here.	Josh Gimme a good reason why I shouldn't block u	Cause I'm amazing.	others
7353	YOU GUYS WOULDNT BELIEVE WHAT ONE OF MY MOOTS JUST DMED ME SAYING	Updateeeeee	Wtf does soon mean	others
7354	This is an exciting new venture, a combined veteran's breakfast club & hub, courtesy of	This what am coming to?	No mate, that's the Christmas breakfast club at the YMCA in North Shields next Thursday. But you are welcome to come along to the launch in Newcastle 3rd Jan.	others
7355	"As long as we have ""themed"" training sessions based on actions (as promoted in most NGB soccer coach education) rather than sessions based on interactions then coaches will more than likely fall back on the way that they have always done it."	Could you give an example of an interactions based session? When you say 'themed' sessions, I assume you mean the usual passing, receiving dribbling etc.?	Hi Rickie. At the end of this blog ( presentation on how we work) there is a short clip with a simple training design and one principles	others
7356	long nails or assignments??	Long nails	you’re right, uni won’t make me feel cute	others
7357	New umbrella.	Congratulations! It looks great! Definitely worth all the hard work.	Thanks. I'm glad that's out of the way for the season.	others
7358	Someone explain to me the appeal of reading horoscopes?	everything	I read mine almost every day, and I just don't get it.	others
7359	"OG Brawl players need to stop referring to wired netplay as ""WiFi"" LMAO"	I men u realize thats not default right?	What do you mean? I'm just saying I've interacted with 3 different brawl players recently talking about SSBU online and they still call it wifi even though they have no intentions of using wireless internet	others
7360	Sorry for the delay, here’s my film piece. An in-depth look at Jackson’s mechanics coming tomorrow.	Good stuff. I might be a slow reader, but in your video clips can you lengthen the time duration of your annotations (both the comments and the pre-snap stuff)?	I’ll see what I can do. The only issue is the file size would increase slowing down the load speeds. Thanks for reading.	others
7361	Omg!!!!! This is lit what’s the name of the salon	Liza’s Full Service Salon	How much for a fill in?	others
7362	just got home from school and i’m about to take a nap,, i better wake up to some cute ass replies jk jk btw i tagged some of my fave mutuals hdhdh	oh my gosh, this is so cute! thank you so much baby, and i just wanna say that you’re one of the nicest people i’ve ever met on here, love you and wE nEeD to tAlk mOrE!!!!	hshsh ilyyy and we definitely need to speak more!! i miss you	others
7363	"Just heard a guy say ""Whole Foods? I call it Whole Paycheck!"" and I strangely admire that he un-ironically believes he invented that joke and that it's new to anyone in 2018."	God that’s a good one	"A woman I worked with at the Daily Inter Lake in Kalispell, Mont., used to call Costco ""The $100 store. Because you can't go in there without spending $100."" I'll tweet the longer version to your mom."	others
7364	It's so hard to know when it's safe to attack in Soul Calibur 6. Do people learning Virtua Fighter have this same difficulty? It just seems to hard to know when a string is ended or when you have advantage/disadvantage. Is there any frame data like that in training mode?	"What SC boils down to is that its ""Footsies: The Game"""	Footsies more important than Adv/Disadv? I'm starting to see that as I changed my mindset last night when playing. Especially with Astaroth!	others
7365	It’s cute! And when it’s on the arms too. Little tiger stripes.	Them jawns only on my shoulders cause of working out	They’re cute there too! It’s just cool to notice different little things about people like that	others
7366	So I finally listened to idles and the 1975 this year and I was genuinely so shocked at how bad I thought it was. I use my twitter to promote small good U.K. bands so please allow me this freedom to shit on the big not-good ones. Also fuck the band slaves. So naff. So so naff.	i almost feel ashamed at how highly i rate the new 1975 and idles albums	My work here isn’t done until we drop the almost	others
7367	I need my friends to come home NEOWWWW	Ain’t nobody tell you to leave a whole 10 days b4 me	I know I left hella early	others
7368	"December 6, 343: Saint Nicholas died in Myra, of the Roman Empire.  ""Saint Nick"" is remembered for his service to the poor.  Visit for stories about holidays, history & heroes.  For more: Image: Nicholas, Musei Vaticani"	Isn't he the Patron Saint of Thieves?	"I'd never heard it that way. ""Repentant"" thieves, maybe. From the stories I've read, he was the champion for the poor and weak. I suppose if one was unjustly accused, that might qualify - but I don't claim expertise on that, hence the link to a more researched source."	others
7369	This is probably going to annoy a few people but thanks to	I thought you were Welsh? You'll support anyone for a cup of coffee and a cake. Closet bluebird too	I’m not stepping over the bluebird line .	others
7370	Virgos are real life demons. Don’t @ me.	I’m a Virgo cusp and I am scared of myself sometimes	Damn !!	others
7371	i have never seen an episode in my entire life.	what a waste	I’ve never seen the show idk if it’s good	others
7372	CC:	Pizza is obviously a sandwich.	obviously	others
7373	Went to	Wow! BEARy awesome! Thanks for sharing!	Lol I see what u did there, they are so unBEARbly cute!! & u are welcome.	others
7374	: After walking the dogs- H: And when was the NEXT time you realized you love me? W: We can’t keep doing this. It gets weird and dark- H: ::heatedly:: Please tell me. W: FINE. When we watched Mason cut his face off. H :::choked:: BEDROOM. NOW. W:... yeah okay.	fav mini-series	Thank you for tuning in to The ! Serial Killer in Love 24/7.	others
7375	I loved Friends but I have never once had the intention of watching it on Netflix, might be a nostaltic thing but when I randomly have a TV on and it's on this shit slaps ok	100mil? really? so many other things they could add with that	Sounds stupid as fuck but i guess they had a reason	others
7376	i think i’m in love	i know i’m in love with u	i’m omw to buy an engaging ring, brb.	others
7377	hello why are people not liking state champs anymore i’m so confused n worried	Uh what I miss?	idK that’s what i’m tryna figure out	others
7378	i cringe whenever anyone is referred to as a “person of color” myself included, they probably mean well just makes me feel like i’m different	Yes, I hate the term. It creates an “us vs them” mentality. It’s almost like if there’s “normal people” and “people of color”.  Makes even less sense because white is also a color.	yeah pretty much, it’s such a meaningless label, like what does that even mean? i don’t need a special term	others
7379	Who makes a good scrambled egg sandwich in Seattle? The kind where the eggs aren’t overdone? Not a biscuit either, a sandwich (toast, muffin, roll acceptable). To go. I can’t come up with many ideas that aren’t lackluster.	Have you tried Oddfellows?	It’s alright. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Nothing that makes me daydream about the next one. Good idea though!	others
7380	Bussa hurt hurt	Been hurt since that game. Lol	That 48-7 showed all in that tweet.	others
7381	I am honestly disgusted. I can’t believe men, hell anyone could be this disrespectful.	Sure women's outfits at raves look quite attractive and sexy, but I would never assume someone is a whore or a slut just because of the outfit!	I’m too picky and awkward to be a whore so I know what I wear doesn’t mean shit and I know other girls outfits don’t imply that either. He’s just close minded clearly	others
7382	i love my sons more than anything else in the world.	I wanna flop their ears. Also, love the socks	their ears are sooo soft. it makes me so sad when ppl crop their dog’s ears!	others
7383	I actually wanted to redo this thing over again, less confusing this time and no cheating lol. If I tag you again or you already did it, it's up to you to do it again or not.	b-but i dunno what characterizes me ;-;	Oh hush. I'll help you then you dork.	others
7384	çok az kaldı saçımı sıfıra vurucam	He aynen yaparsın kezo ayneennnnnn	Tag your pezevenq friends	others
7385	||Angel	// *Snuggles for good kitty!*	||BEST CAT	others
7386	My BF thinks hes fckn slick ordering my Christmas Nintendo Switch after starting a fight with me this morning	Why would you post that. :(	CuzIcan’tbebought	others
7387	good win for us long time optic fans	lmfao love the twitter name change haha	lmaoo wym I been apart of the	others
7388	Ok be honest please. Am i annoying	who tf vote for yes	I said be honest so...	others
7389	It's probably wrong to be as proud of this as I am.	That's slow in Texas where we have 85mph speed limit.	This is a combo of 25, 40, 45, 50, 55, and 65. That's why I'm pretty proud of it.	others
7390	He hurt u again?	You so annoying	Lmaoooooo I’m consistent	others
7391	okay, urgent question. does anyone have a macbook pro that doesn’t come with a built in USB port and SD card insert? like the really thin ones that have nothing but the charging ports? PLEASE IF U HAVE ONE, LET ME KNOW I HAVE QUESTIONS	I dooo	i think i’ve figured it out! thank you though!	others
7392	ربي اعني في دراستي و بارك لي في وقتي و اجعل التوفيق حليف دربي يارب هون علي ما استصعبته نفسي و اجعل التيسير طريقي..	Goodluck	Love u	others
7393	Papa john is a racist and he refuses to honor his promo code for free sticks. It’s is complete bs. Very angering to me and my family.	Hi, Jose. Please dm us with the code info.	Hey papa. I was kidding last time because of slightly poor cust. serv. but it happened again. No sauces delivered? WTH?	others
7394	How many times do you let a pizza place mess up your order before you quit them? Asking for a friend... ()	One	Hmm...guess I’m a slow learner	others
7395	Who lets me tweet when I'm exhausted?	That’d be me and I apologize for nothing.	Tedly, The Bovine Ballet. I mean.....my mind	others
7396	"Danny looks over and says I sure look pretty tonight and I yelled ""IM NOT FOLDING THE DAMN TOWELS, THE GAME IS ON!"". He's starting to piss me off. He watches very few games and then it's just to annoy me"	Sounds like Danny might get his ass kicked tonight.	I sent him to his room. He loves annoying me during the games but tonight wasn't the night to play his games	others
7397	An apparently healthy enough Ben Roethlisberger not playing in the second half until the last five minutes of the fourth quarter= arrogance.	THIS. That was very odd.	Made no sense. I believe he was hurt. But it’s odd to think he was suddenly healthy as soon as Oakland too the lead	others
7398	Hack Snyder’s Dawn of the Dead remake was a truly terrible movie, a true insult to Romero’s original classic!	The thing that felt was missing in the remake was the depth of characters. A lot of them just seemed to be these hostile or arrogant people. The rest, I couldn't even keep track of some of the characters. It also seems very flashy and excessive.	Also it didn’t help the fact that character would just abruptly do things that made no contextual sense just to move the plot forward.....it’s just a really frustrating movie!	others
7399	I like Red Dawn 2012, better than the 1984 original. There I said it.	Blasphemy!	Hahah. I do though. I felt the remake was more interesting	others
7400	I could kill Dak right now. Nigga just made me miss so much money.	BRUH! I’m sayin	I needed 6-3 on the board. & he gets sacked.	others
7401	How the Steelers lose to the Raiders?	Ben got hurt and missed most of the second half except the last six minutes of the 4th quarter. Also James Connor is out.	Oh boy, y'all really in trouble. Don't y'all still have to play the Saints?	others
7402	What is this ladies since yall know it all	Balls	You think soo	others
7403	Next year I want to visit at least 3 moms in the US. Who want me to fly out to see them? And where we going? What we doing ?	LA got so many options	PICK A WEEKEND AND IM OUT THERE	others
7404	I wanna do this, hit me up and ask for a fandom if you want	GIMME THE JUICY DEETS	Well Promnis obviously! They just fit together so sweetly for me. Like Prompto takes care of Ignis after Altissia and doesn’t want him to leave the group, I love that.	others
7405	I’ve listened to this song a billion times before and I just realized it was Frank rapping on the first verse	jo what	i’m not proud	others
7406	The cult that lives down the street had their kids come ring out door bell and sang jingle bells to me and brody.... weird shit.	All i can say is they are lucky I wasn't there...	Lulz I was thinking the exact same thing xD	others
7407	DO NOT let “Contagious” come through those speakers around me	I watched this for 30 seconds just tryna figure out if you was a guy or girl	I promise I’m a dude	others
7408	Pick 5!  Although can you choose both Vader and Anakin? Yeah why not lmao	That pic of Anakin... Is that an official picture of him coming to SWBFII? Never seen it before!	It’s the sideshow got toys figurine	others
7409	So once smash came out at 12:00 am I stayed up just to play and I played it during school I'm about to play some more but these cpus are freaking savages I'm sorry but I'm getting a new rival who isnt a person XD	I heard! I heard the cpus in ultimate weren't fucking around this time! XD when I get a switch, I won't have to worry about the cpus not giving me enough practice lmfao. I hope I get one on Christmas	Well stay turn cause Imma be uploading this week my guy	others
7410	Pause	You about to join huh	I’ll join if you join	others
7411	We don’t deserve to go to the playoffs	Y’all some hot ass shit lol bums	Y’all are trash too son. Chill out lol	others
7412	The cowboys are the travel baseball team u grew up hating cause the players and fans were so obnoxious and got every single call	You may have tried a bit too hard on this one	Shut ur mouth whore	others
7413	I give up on today. First Miami, now Oakland?? Crazy. Remember when we said it’ll be pit/ne in the champ game	Just horrible	My assessment would have used a string of words that could make the devil himself blush	others
7414	Ask yourself if she is actually thiccc or if she suffers from lumbar lordosis	Bruv can’t be releasing these anatomical terms on the general public	I thought this was so funny and it got no love except for people that understand anatomy or diagnosis’s hahah	others
7415	Where can i buy the repackaged album? Ph once here.	see if there’s still slot	How can i know na may slots pa?	others
7416	Should I do it?	WHAT IS THIS	Lemme dm you!	others
7417	fuck now i want to watch doctor strange again i love that movie so fucking much	DOCTOR STRANGE IS SO GOOD	I KNOW	others
7418	Lol	Smh here we go.. thanks to the refs who took 14 points off the board	Don’t act like Dak hasn’t missed 3 TDS by himself	others
7419	The only good thing about finals is all the free food they give us	Given the cost of tuition...I would say you paid more than triple for that so called free food!	I try not to look at it that way or else I'll be demanding caviare and lobster everyday lol	others
7420	I’ve only written with a pen like 3 times in the past 12 months	Do u have a job	100% computer based. I even type my phone notes in notepad	others
7421	I think we can up the game.  How about a scratch and sniff display	We can sniff you without having to scratch....	I think that's how we first met.	others
7422	Focused on 3 million cash.. thats the vision	im just shooting for a 5 digit bank account lol	you'll get there bro	others
7423	Why didn’t the Eagles call a TO after that sack? Make them punt, see what happens.	Man, you are like Cuba Gooding Jr.’s lil brother in Jerry Maguire	I’m just sayin’	others
7424	boyfriend requirements: - make over a 2.5 mil salary - hold my hand a lot	sry only make 2.45 mil	i said over smdh	others
7425	How do you feel about the movies?	The fact that you lump the two movies together make this poll unfair. Movie 1 = Cannon, Movie 2 = Literal Dumpster Fire	I needed a conscience way of asking the question tbh but I agree with you that #2 is no where near the realm of #1	others
7426	I think the housecleaning should include Larry Michael	Why him ?	He's a Snyder suck up	others
7427	This game is one huge shit show man, Horrible calls on both sides. This game shouldn’t even count towards either teams W/L	Yea that was definitely a TD by Goedert	And half the calls on the cowboys haven’t been actual fouls, so it’s just a really bad officiating game	others
7428	Me: hey I'm feeling kinda cu- Brain: shame you arent skinny Me: wh- Brain: Or flat Me: stop Brain: Or shapeless Me: yes but also that's just societal expectations imprinted on my psyche and every body is perfect and versatile and you can work ANYTHING if you like it	Yes Lu we all love you for Who you are not what you look like !! Your body IS a non-binary body & That's A Fact babey	Stop you'll make a full grown binch cry	others
7429	He looks upset..	I’m not upset..	I know when you’re upset. You have that scary 1000 yard glare thing going.	others
7430	who allowed drake to record this and then for him to put it on his album	Some genius	i hate you too	others
7431	Just had an idea that I think would be fun...	Is it playing Fortnite with the lads	It's not but that could be fun too	others
7432	How is the burgler responsible for the fact that you had a beautiful home to steal from...  Fucking moron	Hes not. Hes responsible for the robbery. Is he in some way responsible for the quality of your home? You brought up the silly analogy. I'm just following it thru	"That's my point. Burglars to blame. Homeowners never get police & lawyers saying ""well, it's your own fault for making your house appealling to burglars"" the way women get told ""if you hadn't worn this, drank that, walked there you wouldn't get raped"" Rapists to blame. End of"	others
7433	Hill is a WR!!!	Ya boy don’t believe so	Who that?	others
7434	the fact my phone shows me every pore and wrinkle on my face is doing wonders for my confidence <3 !! feeling so good about myself	We get it, you got an iPhone X	erm don’t be fucking cheeky sent from my iPhone XR	others
7435	Looking for friends x	we can be friends as long as u dont fry my shiz	I don't do that stuff, I'm a nice person	others
7436	Every cunt's banging on about parsnips	Here we go again. Chin forget the parsnips, they’re not worth it.	Ha ha. I'll find you the clip I'm referring to.	others
7437	Q4- What is your most embarrassing moment in the classroom?	A4 So so many but in order 2 do a favor 4 my colleague & coordinator of the pep rallies, I agreed 2b the MC (totally out of my comfort zone). 600 Ss staring at me! So nervous. I had 2 lead Pledge w/the microphone & said words incorrectly! OMG! I say it every day!	I am always so afraid that will happen that I always read it! lol	others
7438	they cheating dawg!	Yaw suck	we don’t	others
7439	bitchhh it’s been 2 years and i still ain’t got deported yet!!	2 years strong, IM PROUD!!	you still a bitch ass nigga for saying that lmao	others
7440	Heated blankets are the best thing since sliced bread	too bad I’m too cheap to buy one	the only one I’ve ever had has been a gift	others
7441	To you ladies that cook like Betty Crocker... Fuck. You.	Heehee he! Unless they're a room-mate! You must make the same thing I make for dinner Ambien... reservations.	I can't wait til I get enough money to make reservations! I'm still waiting on that 20 grand from the Powerball winner. She DM'd me, so I know it's legit.	others
7442	❝ ʏᴏᴜ’ʀᴇ ʙᴇᴀᴜᴛɪғᴜʟ ᴇɴᴏᴜɢʜ  ᴊᴜsᴛ ᴀs ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʀᴇ ❞ ↳	uyEAA makeup on fleekk!	thank youuuu	others
7443	The Nun is so so good.  So good.  Just... yes.  Scary yes.	I am incredibly proud of you for posting something without a pun.	Dammit.  I missed the mark on that one.  Christ.	others
7444	i feel like everybody just has me on mute ://	I don’t :(	ily bb :(((	others
7445	Just got the logitech g502. And let me tell you this thing is smooth as hell. I can already tell a huge difference and I haven’t even played with any of the settings. Can’t wait to start pking with this!	Great mouse	I don’t know if it will help me any with the pking, but at least I’ll be equipped with the best.	others
7446	Dallas got greedy. Shoulda just gone for the field goal. Obviously that’s easy to say now, but...	Haven't the Cowboys done that twice this season in big moments and missed long FGs both times?	I know they did against Washington. However, he hit a 62-yarder like an hour ago. I’d just let him try to do it again. Not THAT much pressure either, because if you miss, you still go to OT	others
7447	Good Morning...woke up feeling stuffy and unwell, like everything hurts this morning or feels sore. The temperature dropped again today. Gonna take some medicine and hope for the best D: hope y'all are having a good day at least!	I hope you feel better soon tham! Stay warm and comfy and remember to drink lots of water. <3	Thank you, I will!	others
7448	I’m kicking two weeks ago to make it even better	Yeah thanks for that	you’ve put me out the past two years. Had to enjoy this.	others
7449	I don’t mind painting my nails	Do it! Black would look nice	Thank you, I’m gonna do it from now on	others
7450	I really need to travel bro, i want to be the one to take these pictures	honestly	The day i take one of these pictures, nobody can tell me shit Im an artist from that day on.	others
7451	bruhhhh i did it so confidently too	Exactly	awww gimme a break i been gone for a minute	others
7452	he has a pretty shy dick but alucard doesn't mind, he has all night ~nsfw	your style is so so so beautiful,,,, aaa I love your work	Hey thank you so much! I’m glad you’re enjoying my stuff!	others
7453	I would stay up to watch mama but it’s 12:24am here and I’m already exhausted from the past few days	OMG were in the same time zone what area are you from	London :)	others
7454	// Muted Ichigo but his hentai still shows on my TL. Not nice.	// You can change your settings do block most sensitive material.	// Yeah but that includes like so much fanart and that's just too much. I expect the mute button to WORK.	others
7455	As a Raider fan I still like the Amari Cooper trade. He acted like he didn’t want to be there so get him out. I don’t think anybody understands the Khalil Mack trade still.	Fam.....	What? Amari Cooper wouldn’t have been worth big #1 receiver money anyways.	others
7456	i can’t make friends @ my own damn high school w 500 kids how tf and i supposed to make friends in a college campus with 50k kids ,,,, we goin alone	i have like 2 solid friends outside of my suitemates and i wouldn’t have it any other way <3	OOF i hope so	others
7457	Sis you done shook the table today with this one	SIS I need real answers ....	I feel you like didn’t I see your mans in that	others
7458	I’m a bean who’s too shy to approach anyone  so like my tweet and I’ll message u sometime	Message me anytime hun!	!!!! I’ll message you sometime!	others
7459	it takes forever n your hair don’t even be looking the way you envision it	It’s just such a waste of time rather do a simple braidout get the same defined curls	the way my hair is setup i usually just leave the two braids are do n call it a day	others
7460	This nigga so nice now bruh	His form was always decent so it was just a matter of work and the league changing lol he said fuck that I ain’t going	Omm he ain’t lol him and deandre shootin way better this year deandre like 85% from the free throw line	others
7461	I really need a good back massage by two strong sexy hands	same	my hands are pretty strong what about yours cuz I think we can help each other	others
7462	PATTY!!!!!! MY BOY SCORED AGAIN OMG YEEEES!!!!!!!!	It's SHOWTIME IN THE UC!	ABOUT TIME I’VE BEEN WAITING	others
7463	naty: what in the caucasian FUCK	hes not actually dabbing its just the angle ajzjssj	on god that better be it bro because i screeched	others
7464	Nice.	congrabbulations	thank y,ou	others
7465	The European Union is bringing in armored trucks to fight the protesting civilians of France. Why is the EU bringing in armored trucks???? Oh yea that’s right bc France and the EU are run by the tyrannical Cabal.  We are witnessing the Great Awakening as we speak.	I’m surprised they don’t say Soros or Rothschild on them	Haha they might as well	others
7466	Getting excited for . Have taken kind of an extended break from personal writing and social media. Needed a reset. Now I need to see my community.	I'll be there in spirit. One of these days, I'll be there for real. Hopefully soon!	I will celebrate when that day occurs!	others
7467	ive never wantdd to block a group’s comeback this bad	Don't. Don't even joke about this kind of stuff.	lmao i am not participators in that even if i don’t like that fandom i would never do that to their group. i wouldn’t like it if they did that too bts so im not going to block anyone’s comeback.	others
7468	YOU CAN NOT BE SERIOUS	Deep breaths.....breathe deep.	Im sick of tomlin & boz i want them gone	others
7469	Roma Cold War Shoplifters  Burning  Loveless (2018 film in US) An absolutely phenomenal year for foreign language films. I also really liked Foxtrot, On Body and Soul and Let the Sunshine In.	Best foreign film I have seen was BIRDS OF PASSAGE but ROMA was a close 2nd. You see that one yet?	Nope, that’s a blindspot. Is it available?	others
7470	I have so much cropped itaban art saved not because I like itaban BUT BECAUSE IVE YET TO FIND A CHIKAITA ARTIST THAT DOESNT MAKE CHIKAGE A BOTTOM *GOES RAMUDA*	literally just go on pixiv	Yeah and? I do	others
7471	leeeeeoooonnnnnn	We don’t do well in oakland	At all lol Ben is so fuckin fake bro idk what to say	others
7472	Okay which one of y’all put my Twitter in night mode because I didn’t	embrace the darkness	Might as well leave it lmao	others
7473	look at this fucking lemon . point and laugh smh	Not very zesty of you.	i hope you stub your toe and get lemon juice on your clit bye	others
7474	Can’t wait to give Leslie’s speech at her weddingit’s gonna be wild	I can't wait to sing you know what *winky winky*	If only there was a emoji for it	others
7475	I had sex with this pro basketball player once and his dick was super small. Moral of the story money can’t buy happiness	man your tweets be funny as hell	My life is a mess	others
7476	Tell me. How your day is going?	Good, and yours?	I glad! My day was pretty good too	others
7477	I cannot see a reason why Meadows would consider such an appointment. Meadows has power as head of Freedom Caucus. Trump is own COS.	Maybe he understands how terrible being in the House minority is going to be compared to the power he's used to wielding	But, he is smart enough to know that a safe House seat beats a temporary gig in a White House under assault.	others
7478	"Feeling discouraged at your failures? Take heart!  1 Pet 5:10, ""The God of all grace, who has called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after you have suffered a while, will make you perfect, establish, strengthen, settle you."" This isn't a maybe! This is God's promise!"	of God	Amen! Love that hymn!	others
7479	overtime smh	I know	I take the suspense	others
7480	HORRIFIC clock management from Mike Tomlin.	For awful. And he does it often.	It’s not hard. How do nfl coaches consistently botch this???	others
7481	I really hope you don’t get to see harry at all next tour and can’t go to any shows again because of your depression li… — Ok now this is just shitty	bro ... why are people so pressed uve literally done nothing to them	The thing is I’ve only told a couple of people why I didn’t see harry this year so the fact it could be one of my friends on her is shitty	others
7482	So excited for the	Me too so no spoilers please as it’s not on until tonight in Oz	No worries! I won't spoil anything for you.	others
7483	Baby boy hello	You know this is gonna be a meme, right?	Lol that’s okay	others
7484	Y’all really bugging like this ain’t been a rule lmfaaoooo	I think it was a make up call cus they robbed em of that touchdown the play before	Nah family this been a rule for a decade now. It’s pretty cut and dry. No biases to it at all. It gets called all the time too.	others
7485	Say those 18 magical little words and I’m yours for life: “Babe I ordered you a pizza because I knew you’d be hungry. It’ll be there in twenty minutes”	Am I the only person who counted the words?	I counted em 3 times before hitting tweet	others
7486	I gotta stop getting drunk & ruining my life	SAME but it was good to see you and	You too!	others
7487	I fucking quit	That was an emotional roller coaster I wasn’t ready for	Good thing the Ravens lost but damn!! We show up in the playoffs playing like this I rather not even go. I’ll wait next season	others
7488	"Modi boasted in a political rally(Rajastan?) recently : Modi has spun ""such a trap, such a trap"", that son(PC's son Karti), had to go to jail! ....Really? Thought Karti went to Jail, mainly because of the work of Dr Subramanyam Swami? Isn't it?"	Does it mean not to vote modi	Does it mean like that?	others
7489	Lmaoooooooo	Tomlin gone after this season	Big Ben need to be the motherfucker that's gone lol	others
7490	**DemonScar**	I dig it.	You rocker you! lol Glad to hear it!! They're good..\m/	others
7491	My team is taking home the win! for official rules.	You’re serious?	Hey gotta go for the underdog.	others
7492	"It's the way it was introduced. Perpetrating hate and the "" I'm more important than you, don't ya know? "" vibe. Sorry, but this is disgusting on all levels."	Nothing he said was inaccurate. Stop signaling. These people hate you for your skin as well guy.	If people hate me for my skin color that's their problem, not mine.	others
7493	I’m searching for a water bed just so I can lay in it when I’m drunk	that sounds awful	It’s a hit or miss :’)	others
7494	Off to the doctors	Hope all is well sweetie, so pretty:)	Thank you hon	others
7495	it is possible to reach CS by phone and chat is disabled, can someone assist me with a promo code issue? Thx!	Here is our contact information: . Hope this helps.	I give up, I'll spend my money elsewhere	others
7496	Yes, yes I am.	“Come on,” she pouts rather cutely, reaching out to fix a pair of antlers on Regina’s head. “Where’s your Christmas spirit?”	"Eyes glance up at her head as hands place something on her head, Regina has only had a handful of Christmas. They didn't have Santa Claus in the Enchanted Forest.   Squints, trying to hide a smile. ""It's a little early, isn't it?"""	others
7497	Fml la kena confine till 9pm	Why	Cause late for camp da	others
7498	everyone jus hurts my feelings :'(	i don’t x	sad brad	others
7499	listen if ya sex needs more practice, just leave that shit at home & we can go out for drinks & talk baby girl, hopefully the music loud & i can’t hear ya cute ass	mad funny. u really be sick of the honeys and their bullshit	i love em so much tho lol	others
7500	team yellow, pero nag green ko hehehe	Blue+yellow=green	yes sir i am still blue and forever blue kaya ganyaaan hehe	others
7501	is the meanest moot ever send tweet	i literally breathed	u been breathing wrong lately and ion like it	others
7502	The meal I just consumed at Q39 in Kansas City just changed my life I did not think were possible. I am now a better man physically, mentally, and spiritually.	Joes>>>	Both very good. But as a meal, Q39 was somethin rose	others
7503	I just saw a cat in my house I have no cats	pet him n be grateful omg	currently trying to hide the cat so my mum won't let it go out in the cold :(	others
7504	MY MUM GOT MY M&G PIC FROM AMSTERDAM ON MY BIRTHDAY CAKE IM YELLING THIS IS SO FUCKING CUTE	i’m really glad i gave u this pose it’s so cute	Listen I love you I'm so grateful for you uwu	others
7505	To the piece of Cowboy shit in Publix in Casselberry,Florida That called my wife a bitch. Trash talk is fun but if I was there or one of my sons. You would need a doctor to remove the boars head from your bitch ass.	What the fuck... What an asshole.	Bro you have no idea how glad I am that I wasn't there. Or if Jake would have been there. We tried to get bailed out of jail right now	others
7506	Show me a team who gets bailed out more than philly good god	Are we watching the same game?	Yeah the one where an all-pro center decided it’d be a cool idea to snap the ball into the dirt and put his team out of field goal range	others
7507	Word?	I’m playing baby I did it to see if you were gonna be the same way you were texting	Better be	others
7508	Whew I lame af	Stop cheating and tryna crack joke	Lol I lame bro still lame	others
7509	The Steelers have dropped 3 games in a row that we should have won	Did you watch the field goal?	Ya I’m embarrassed	others
7510	Claro que hay mas material del mamado del gym , pero si quieren que siga subiendo, den RT y si van a robar las fotos para subirlas a Tumblr den créditos	yo tengo mas material	A ver	others
7511	yeOrObUn sAenGakHae	he's so annoying istg	i hate	others
7512	This year I was supposed to read books and watch movies and brush up on my pop culture but I haven’t done that so if anyone has 1) book recommendations 2) movie recommendations I’ll take them now!!	the namesake! and the last lecture (i have an online copy of that which i can send you)	Please do! I’ll check em out!	others
7513	And Bill Simmons is still a hack	We have Mccourty Harmon and Chung	What is your point	others
7514	Hey, I'm going to be on with	I‘ve missed it. But watching now	It was a blast; enjoy!	others
7515	What tf happened	my roof fell where i play , i went to the bathroom and the whole roof fell , if i was there playing i would’ve died.	How’d that happen though	others
7516	my titties r so ugly and annoying like ugh	i fucking love my boobs bro.. any boobs	oof not mine they sag and i hate it	others
7517	I can’t actually believe how beautiful Karen Brady is oh my god we should make her a gay icon not the fucking cock destroyers wtf come on gays	She already is, in my friendship group. She’s the one!	Can I join your friendship group please!!!	others
7518	Bro idk bout dak... so inconsistent	BRO FR	Like this dude got so much fight but idk maybe his shitty fkn coach can’t discipline him right	others
7519	Dallas	Not over yet kiddd lol	Lol i was talkin bout Goedert b and yea y’all the champs tho	others
7520	Good morning kaa. 21 วันจะ count down แล้ว	good morning baby	morning	others
7521	LF Priest, preferably a Nightborne and one that can make bad jokes with me  Level 80, but we're not gonna stop there!	Lol, I have a few more things to do and then I'll be on	Take your time! I'm still cooking but wanted to share!	others
7522	somebody tell jay that i love him more	I do	no i do	others
7523	How bad were those last few plays and playcalls from the Cowboys?	Not giving the ball to Marshawn in Super Bowl bad	Wow. That’s really bad.	others
7524	CRYINGGGGG I hateeeee black ppl oh muh gosh	Bag it and shag it	I’m a child of god so idk what these methods you speak of	others
7525	3-10!!! Idgaf!	Lmao good game shame ben didnt play all second half but raiders did work	Yes, I know. Still won, so who caresss!	others
7526	oomfs which team were you	I HATE RHAT UTS ALL FIFTH HARMONY SND THAT I WAS TOO	i hate you all	others
7527	now i’m just making myself sad	oomf. shut	i’m crying in levels i didn’t know i could	others
7528	It is fucking W I L D to me how many girls be fucking Hooters cooks. just.... y sis.	Girl I heard iris hoe ass fucked one.	Ew ain’t she married?!	others
7529	RT in 5 seconds or this will be at the end of your bed tonight	That’s fkin scary	That’s lol he’s terrifying	others
7530	My team is starting a board game blog and I’ve shoved my foot in the door so there’s some women’s voices in it. Are there any topics/features you’d like to read about or contribute to? Reply here or email me at emilyATshufflestulsaDOTcom RT if you’d like :)	Ooohhhh! What about an intersectional Bechdel test for board games?	Interesting idea!!! I don’t know how it would relate to a lot of our games which are so abstract that there aren’t people or without specific race/gender etc. I’ll have to keep it in mind while I’m looking at games	others
7531	the holy spirit was just a fart	Stop stealing my fucking content every time we ft	i was the one that said u poop on the baby stop being angry	others
7532	I would do the dog for a grape frutee, wha I aint see one of them in donkey years, waait	You mean you going behave wild on here all 7 days of the week? No rest? No break? You ain't tired? Cause we the people tireddddd	I resigning	others
7533	This arrived “fashionably late”... if fashionably is now defined as barely taped together and kinda falling apart	We're sorry your order was damaged and arrive late. If you could pop us over a DM with your order number and registered e-mail address we'll look into this further for you.	No problem. I’m unable to DM you without being followed — can you begin the message thread so I can respond with the information? Thanks.	others
7534	I'm fairly certain and I these epic cakes that we inhale	Well I love cake but I never want to eat a whole one by myself, so I make it, eat one piece and make the two of you finish the rest.	Me after this weekend	others
7535	Sheep no more! Viva Le France!	The yellow vest on the sheep was a nice touch. It only takes one	i was going to do them all but wow what a cluster to do.....	others
7536	These boys got me stressing	Y’all better not lose	I’m praying	others
7537	I make mistakes, I'm not perfect. Take me as I'm. I try to treat people with respect but you have to know it works both ways . If I do wrong I admit it .	Respect is almost unknown in this sad world	Yep it is .	others
7538	Bitch can you move your ass away from my face what the fuck I hate people	You are killing me	Man I just can’t deal with people today!!!	others
7539	49ers STILL HAVE THE FIRST PICK!	really? over cardinals? i thought cardinals had weaker sos	It's equal. So tie breaker is divisional record. Cards beat the 49ers twice, so SF is ahead.	others
7540	Let’s be sad	already on it	Both lost on miracles	others
7541	Man, everyone is still stuck on Harper and Machado going to the	One isnt exclusive to the other	Doesn’t matter, they shouldn’t be the main focus is my point. SP should most definitely be	others
7542	morgan is stinky	No u	I can smell you from my house smelly	others
7543	The only thing I can say right now is fuck the patriots they got what they deserved. And tbh Oakland needed a pick me up so I ain’t even pressed. But still....... HOW?!?!?!?!	Gang shit	If Chris Boswell isn’t fried tomorrow morning I’m switching sports. I hear cricket is lit af	others
7544	I just got a notification saying my flight to Italy is only $580...the devil is trying so hard to get me to book this flight	Take me with you	A girl’s trip in 2019 I’m down if you down	others
7545	CAN WE GET A NEW KICKER !!!!	Facts got a nigga stressing.	Leave him in Oakland	others
7546	I’m done	her existence absolutely doesn’t matter your boots r life	it’s all good!	others
7547	I remember watching Cross Canadian Ragweed live at Cain’s on DVD when I was 10 years old and thinking how sick it would be to play that venue to a crowd that size. Tulsa, y’all sold Cain’s out tonight. So much fuckin love, thank yall!!	You were only TEN?? Man I’m old.	12, i lied......	others
7548	We did	Ok Camila	It wasn’t until I bought the bow that I realized I looked like Camila in her bow era	others
7549	When you wear glasses 75% of the time you’ll literally forgot you don’t have it on when you’re not wearing it. Kmt	you are sooo beautiful	Awww thank you love	others
7550	YAAAAASSSSSS RAIDER NATION YA BISH..... STEELERS CONTINUE TO LOSE IN OUR COLISEUM LMAO. GOOD JOB	Don’t get too cocky y’all first win against us in 6 years	DON'T BE SALTY FOO. IDC ABOUT THE PAST..I CARE BOUT TODAY'S WIN	others
7551	hoping my master joins Twitter so we can send hentai to each other in case tumblr tanks cx	I made it bby!!	HE MADE IT	others
7552	“I really hope all the coffee hasn’t been drank yet.”	It probably has been already, given how late it is.	A tongue is stuck out in response. “Lame. I was having a taste for it but oh well. Having it this late probably isn’t a good idea anyways.”	others
7553	I’ve just discovered The Great British Baking Show and I think it’s the most relaxing show I’ve ever watched. Besides Bob Ross, of course.	It is absolutely my favorite show. It is my meditation. My therapy. Glad you’re enjoying too!	It’s so lovely. And it makes me awant to eat something other than pizza so that’s a wild change!	others
7554	Post your first waifu. Here's mine. Anime is the Macross Do You Remember Love from 1984.	Ophiuchus Shaina from Saint Seiya back when	That was such a great show.	others
7555	mmm oomf i think ur better of saying jpn bc j*p is a slur	omg is it??? I had no idea I'm really sorry	its okay i know u didn’t intend any harm!! thats why i told u	others
7556	Can we get trending? It's super important	this is absolutely ridiculous!!! our boys need rest and all she cares ab is them performing for her bday. It isn’t all about you ava.	The selfishness needs to stop	others
7557	Browns were the only AFC North team to win today! NOT A TYPO!	Feeling dangerous	These aren’t your father’s Browns.	others
7558	Peach rings underrated	On gang bruh..smh	They don’t know my dawg! These ho3s bussin	others
7559	I thought about ya ass the other day man. You use to be mad wild yo	I swear man boy was retarded	I can’t even say the illegal shit that went down, but I’m glad you changed bro	others
7560	Ummm sir	?	You straight ?	others
7561	going to finish this math assignment. albert einstein is shaking right now	I thought you didn’t like RBB	i don’t beaner	others
7562	So if you see me dressing as if it’s summer mind ya business	Me shopping yesterday and asking were the tubes tops are and leather skirts. She was like we have winter clothes	I know I was looking for snake skin the other week and they said it out of season?! Trippen	others
7563	No it isn’t	Yes it is	Steelers can beat all 3 of the teams left on this schedule. We could’ve smacked this Oakland team if we came out to play. Something needs to happen quickly though	others
7564	When u and ur ex are talking about the good times y’all had. Then u remember how they played u	Dude this kid looks like my neph Lui	It might be. It’s from an old video when his pops was Trynna teach him a lesson on lying lol	others
7565	Issa been a while	fuckn beautiful	fuckn love u	others
7566	why’s everyone yelling at zoe	ikr oh btw do NOT check my account dont ask anyone why theyre yelling at me i am INNOCENT...	too late i already checked!	others
7567	Sick of u	Grow up lol	Maybe Tomorrow	others
7568	Suzie and I were walking down the street and a grown man started throwing snowballs at us	did u return fire or	i held my hands up and said don’t shoot	others
7569	Dak the worst quarterback ever	Blake Bortles exists.	nah man, Geno better.	others
7570	Ok d, I know I said one more.. but this time for real!! ONE MORE TIME!!	Let’s go !	Let’s get it bro	others
7571	I CANNOT BELIEVE IT. Fix your field oakland	YOUR KICKER CHOKED!!	HE SLID ON HIS LEFT FOOT B	others
7572	I’m super sick of people being concerned about me.	Wait til the Christmas parties.	I’ve already experienced thanksgiving. I’m all set on it	others
7573	netflix suggestions ?	Happy	what’s it about ?	others
7574	opinions?	gross and wacky	Why ;3; give me shoe suggestions then and they have to be white	others
7575	omg uwu I LOVE THIS	i look so creepy in the pic djjdjd and also i don’t know why but i associate you with water Heavily	JDJDJSJA NO U DONT and that’s interesting to know	others
7576	Y’all pray for the Steelers. Ain’t nothing wrong, just our kicker sucks and our defense is TRASH.	Y’all still going to the playoffs though	And losing the first round I’d be amazed if we don’t.	others
7577	Crazy thing is that this game is over if PHI doesn't miss that extra point	If Maher makes his FG cowboys win tho	True but we can't have nice things	others
7578	OHHH SARA!! THANK YOU SO MUCH it was late november, I just had my party some weeks late! but thank you still!!!!!	KFNVJEF NOW I LOOK LIKE A CLOWN IM SOWWI... i actually rmbr saying hbd earlier as well... JFNNFKVF HAPPY BIRTHDAY PARTY!!!!!!	NOOO DON'T WORRY IT WAS RLY SWEET HAHAH nothing at all to apologize for!!!! THANK YOU SARA!!!!!	others
7579	selamat pagi malaysia!	Morning love	morning baby boo!!!!	others
7580	i'm sorry i actually ship these two cuties	They looked so cute together	yass their chemistry is better so far	others
7581	This game was won and we managed to beat ourselves for the 4th game this year, terrible coaching.	Also.. terrible kicking	yeah cant believe i forgot that one lol	others
7582	I wonder why not that many people seem to be talking about Tsurune...is this an i7 anime situation again?? Or is it more because it’s not flashy enough to catch people’s attention??	I think it's something like Gakuen Babysitters, it's so soft and soothing that it doesn't make headlines	It’s really a shame...it’s got so many layers to it!	others
7583	Sign I hung on piggy housr.	Oh!!! I want one!!! Where did you get that!!! That is awesome!!!	I got it a feed store in El Monte, Calif., I've never been to before. I plan to go back this weekend; if I do, I'll get you one and DM you for address	others
7584	Tennessee notched a signature program victory over #1 Gonzaga today. It was an amazingly well played game from both sides. Hats off to	Where have your live videos been all football season and into basketball season?	I have been soooooo busy dude. We are working on bringing it back. Restructuring things.	others
7585	In this day and age, unless you are literally having the shit knocked out of you and you need to defend yourself, you have no reason to hit a woman at all. Its possibly one of the lowest things a man can do, not to mention this was in front of an infant.	Made all my gobbly goop into one tweet. Thank you.	Had seen it this morning, and didn’t really feel like spreading it due to how graphic the audio is, literally makes me sick listening to it, it’s fucking vile	others
7586	It is almost time to take out loans for bitcoin. Need support confirmations and a clear breakout without losing market short dominance- preferably a situation that increases margin shorts for liq fuel. Then it will be time.  Will be watching until thursday to determine loan use.	You're bottom picking against trend on high leverage. Essentially, you have found the holy grail of bad trading. I'm proud of you, son.	>when you dont know what high leverage is, how to identify trend reversals AND ASSUME MY GENDER U SHITLORD	others
7587	I’m happy for Miami fans, the Dolphins have won their Super Bowl in December yet again	Gronk on the field? Lol	Belichick, man. For all the good, we occasionally get the completely ridiculous overthought crap like Gronk in a prevent D with the ball on the 30	others
7588	Obama  Born in... What?	Why keep bringing up the SOS all the time?	What's  SOS?	others
7589	it’s 5:30 pm and I haven’t ate anything today cuz I’m scared to go in the kitchen and socialize with my roommates kgkfkf this is amber culture and it’s annoying	AMBER ALERT EAT	I CANT	others
7590	What an embarrassing team the Cowboys are. Absolute joke of a franchise.	yikes	Steelers lost to the Raiders today. I don’t want to hear a peep from you miss.	others
7591	I know it's a bad time of year, but if anyone can help it will mean the world to me	I can try to send something this Friday ? When do you plan on this , or is it when you can?	Oh, thank you. I'm hoping not until the New Year. We see the vet again next week	others
7592	Got distracted while blending the smoothie and poured ketchup in the blender instead of the Fruit punch Syrup	I mean if ketchup can go on patties like you say then why not smoothies, its a fruit anyways	I thought the same thing actually	others
7593	Well, he eventually did get a cake. And he chose to share it with his son	!! And of course the son would just feed his Dad some cake! He uh didn't know it was his birthday.	He doesn't need the cake, he already weighs way too much as is.	others
7594	Refs both ways embarrassing again  It’s insane how bad they can be	They're literally making shit up at this point. Not even sour grapes either, cause it's going both ways	It’s sick loll	others
7595	Well that stinks. Had a chance if the defense could’ve held up. A tale of two halves but broncos come up short. Said all week the Niners worried me and now you know why. Also the browns are not to be taken lightly. Tough deal today. BUT the ravens lost which is good	Keenum is terrible	Meh. He’s the 20th best QB in the league. That’s what you get	others
7596	Wait, why does it looked like he slipped? Or am I tripping?	He slipped	But still, THAT MFKN DEFENSE	others
7597	Nothing went smoothly. Woke up late. Had to scramble to do things before babysitting. I even decided to risk pushing my	Proud of you for getting out there and doing it anyway! Love the lights by the way!	Thank you so much. I'm a little proud of myself. And I liked the lights too. They're what inspired me to stop and take a picture.	others
7598	Finally had time to put up my Christmas Tree.	Love it!	Thanks. My mom thought I was crazy for buying a black tree but I love it. Every year I add a new hallmark ornament to my collection. I have ornaments on this tree from the 1950’s that my grandma passed down.	others
7599	I’m going to the games when I move to Dallas &ndash; 에서	It's crazy	That’s perfectly fine	others
7600	Playing out at the ol’ sandlot comes thru for the raiders	Did you just see that hometown advantage at Dallas adding 4 seconds?	Nah I was talking on the phone lol	others
7601	Last night someone said I have elephant sized dick energy can you believe THAT	I feel it	But I will take it	others
7602	Our season is over lol	Still have to play Saints and Pats too. This team is a bunch of frauds. Have been pretenders for the last 4 years	Bro I just don’t get it we can never play just good football lol	others
7603	Which was worse? - Not saying my name right? - Not playing the actual performance?  - Not giving me a chance to put my guitar on? - Not knowing how to spell “performs”? Well, they didn’t actually show the performance, so I guess “preforms” as...	Well at least we got both right back when you came on our showMerry Christmas Benton! Enjoy following you!	You got it all perfect! That’s what happens when you have your stuff together!:) Hope you are being blessed brother.	others
7604	im the sweetest and funniest mutual u can have. i dont deserve to be treated like this	u r	no... perhaps u are..	others
7605	When people see things that are llamas and they send it to me it makes my heart happy like,, you think of me?	Ofc!	I love youuuu	others
7606	I'm Sorry, KH3 Opening Theme's 'MUSIC' is TRASH. KINGDOM HEARTS 3 Opening Cinematic Intro REACTION: via	Love the visuals, music not so much... Skrillex fucked it.	They fucked it so hard me. I'm still crying in the club	others
7607	Can’t lose right this team. That vaunted Bills D couldnt stop Eli McGuire?	So what are we 4th now? Since cardinals lost its Niners raiders cardinals jets right	5. ATL jumped	others
7608	Oh well we didn’t and we had a chance and he ruined it	I could see if he was the only one who slipped but naw people been slipping all day that filed was fucked up just so happen to him at the wrong moment	Don’t matter he shouldn’t have missed the kick	others
7609	We Say It Every Time It Comes Up:	Gay pride flags are NOT allowed either.	Excellent Point. Admittedly, in the  business, we often use thin associations to make psychological connections in the minds of the audience. We admit to personal bias here.  was our beloved, real uncle to us, as children. We had no idea how sick he was:	others
7610	eu definitivamente sou a mulher mais triste do mundo	a mulher que eu mais amo	I love u...	others
7611	I hope everyone is super excited for the next ALP-led government to be as fucking useless as they have been in opposition? I know I am.	Looking forward to Billy Bragg singalongs with my socialist comrades whilst the ALP continues to be functionally indistinguishable from their opposition	there is power in a union! *SDA collaborates with employers to cut wages below legal minimums*	others
7612	baby shark doo doo doo doo doo doo	why tf are people rt’ing this?	Bc its a hit duh!	others
7613	This is my life. I hate when people tell me to just budget better. Um...we never eat out, I don’t buy anything that is not a need, and I don’t drive anywhere unless I have to. The limits of middle class and poor need to be re-evaluated! I’m poor, but the state says middle class	Vacation? What’s that?	Seriously! Haven’t been on one of those in years!	others
7614	UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GIRL THE STEELERS ARE LOSING TOO UGHHHHHHH	We’re in OT	I wish that was me. Our fucking kicker slipped while attempting the tie field goal smhhhh	others
7615	look who has arrived	welcome	hey andy, what’s up?	others
7616	AS IF this time last year i met Harvey and the boys for the first time.. and my best friend The 10th of December 2017 The best day of my life i love you	omg we met them for the first time at the same time and DIDNT EVEN MEET EACH OTHER	OHHH MY GODDDDD YEAHHH HAAHAHA I BET YOUR HEAD IS IN LIKE A VIDEO OR SKENTHING	others
7617	People complaining about the k.h video/new song	i just watched the trailer, are ppl talking shit about my angel utada?? i’ll fight anyone	I don’t know how you can not like any song from this queen, I need the children to go sit back at their table	others
7618	“Live for moments you can’t put into words.” Author Unknown  Good Morning TwitterMates May you have a beautiful Sunday enjoying every precious moment.	good morning	Good Evening	others
7619	You are an icon.	i’m living my truth.	I love you	others
7620	Julio really need to leave.	Facts he’s had a ton of drops	They either gonna have to sign him to a mega deal or hes gonna leave anyway. Julios seem like the type of dude that doesnt wanna be there	others
7621	why do people hate on wanda?? like im confused	she’s a nazi	wait wait what, please explain, i forget everything	others
7622	Why can’t he throw to Gallup?	I want to believe Gallup stole his girlfriend, but is probably just that Dak is inconsistent and generally erratic.	Seems like it was good early this year now it’s horrible. But that’s Dak too	others
7623	Excuse me??? And you’re going to sit on here and act like the	Already tweeted about it	That’s where I got the idea from after just seeing your tweet. I was shocked. I felt it needed more profanity.	others
7624	question : do you say sf9 is or sf9 are? cause in french a bandname is plural	"I refer to them as ""SF9 is"" coz they're all as one dhdbdbdb"	understandable! that's why i'm often confused	others
7625	I'm on Day 2 of recovery and already, my emotions are coming back through. I see a lot of anger in my previous Tweets. Lots of swearing. I want to curb both but not in a way that meaning and emphasis is lost. I just wanna go somewhere & cry. Maybe sit out & commune with nature.	Nature is good for us. I find being near the sea very calming.	Hi Gaynor. I love the sea too. Love the salt air. I find it both calming and reinvigorating.	others
7626	Cowboys receive. Scott Linehan special coming up	1st down - run play 2nd down - overthrown pass 3rd down - run play	He might throw a screen in	others
7627	i have another turning 50 question.. when you turned 50 did you all of a sudden complain about being cold ALL THE TIME? i’m always so damn cold. i used to go get the mail in a blizzard in my boxers. now?	no...but my vision driving at night...or even worse, in the night in the rain got twice as bad overnight on my 50th birthday, I swear. At 59 next week, I have too many other things wearing out to be worried about being cold	oh i’ve always been blind as a shithouse rat	others
7628	At last...	I’m in a glass case of emotion	I don’t want to hold out hope and yet	others
7629	thanks for the rewteer	anything for a fellow fool	I need my sedatives stat	others
7630	Why the Cowboys ever released Dan Bailey for the dunce Brett Maher I will never understand. Missed FG’s AND can’t even kick a ball out of the end zone on a kick off.	This tweet aged well	If he made the 45 yarder this game would’ve been won. So it aged pretty well considering the game is in OT with Dak at the helm. Cowboys aren’t winning this game.	others
7631	So the probable reason BTS skip Malaysia for their tour is because of our previous government...I- and people are hopeful now because we have new gov but the PM for our new gov used to be in that previous gov though.  I----	Wait... What???	That's what i read just now tsk	others
7632	I’ve just discovered The Great British Baking Show and I think it’s the most relaxing show I’ve ever watched. Besides Bob Ross, of course.	BROOKS There's a British real estate version of this too It's called Escape to the Country British couples looking to move to the countryside are shown cottages by a charming realtor, take kitschy field trips in the area they're looking to move to, and almost never buy a house	I must watch that IMMEDIATELY!	others
7633	I am not looking forward to the day I have to pay for my own healthcare/dental/vision. I’m riding my mom’s benefits till the mf wheels fall offfffffffff	it’s ok baby cus whenthose days come we won’t even notice it	You right	others
7634	Trying REYKA vodka tonight. It’s like thunderstorm in your mouth: complex, boisterous, scary and then it vanishes.	Sounds a lot like trouble	Most likely will lead to poor decisions	others
7635	Dog who survived California wildfire guarded his home for weeks	I understand the dog was intentionally left behind. Methinks the dog needs someone who will be as loyal to him as he was to his owner...	Hear ya. Decades of news exper suggest theres alot more 2know on these things that dont get out 4whatever reason. How fast fire arrvs, was the dog at home? I cud never leave them. But i try not 2B judgmental w/o all info	others
7636	I don’t know how, but in a moment of feeling down, reached out to me about how there was something weird in the air that night and she was checking on me. I am so appreciative and happy to have her in my life - thank you, friend. You’re the best.	Totally unrelated, but I’m loving your twitter name so much! I hear it in her voice, too... glad you’re ok	Also, you have stardust in your name	others
7637	Preview...	Trev... what’s going on here...	You will see soon enough pal	others
7638	When I watch Brian Cage Wrestle? I see Mike awesome from the FMW/ECW days Very extraordinary	Check my match for on Friday before mania. US vs the world	I most definitely will my brother please keep up the good work you just keep getting better and better!	others
7639	Dear i had a terrible experience at one of your Luton UK branch, i paid the money in full in advance and never got the car, gentleman was asking me for documents which do not exist. All i ask now is full refund, please help	We are sorry to hear this! Please DM us your rental record number so we can further review and assist. Thank you! -MN	I am unable to send DM since you do not follow me?	others
7640	Nothing on stan Twitter surprises me anymore. It's the same old bullshit arguments everyday lol	Too true. Im seeing groups i dont even stan being hated on my timeline and its getting tragic now	It's ridiculous. I would hope for fandom peace, but it's never gonna happen, I have a deep hatred in my heart for some fandoms now and that's never gonna change lol	others
7641	hes playing yu gi oh. hes been in game chat for fucking 10 minutes wtf	You are playing fortnite ...	i didnt see the update yet i was just lookin sksksks	others
7642	Dragon Egg Adopts - Buy an egg and get a character! $60 each. Includes a full body drawing + a detail shot. These will be dragons only, and you can choose between anthro or feral, the type of dragon, gender, and body type. If you're interested, please reply or DM me!	The pattern on #2 reminds me of comb jellies! That's super cool!	Yep! That's what it's inspired by.	others
7643	Zeke and Gurley been had 1000 yards lmao foh	Relax dude he’s a rookie and he has a terrible OLine	So Gurley didn’t do that his rookie year ?	others
7644	The Steelers are crippled Af rn	Bro dead ass they fkn suck lmao I’m done watching them play this season	Bro right!!!!!! Like I still support and love them pero fuck man these dudes really aren’t hungry anymore!	others
7645	I’m gonna think about all this	It’s completely up to you . But a person like me who struggles every day don’t have the money to buy stuff n give away . Idg why ppl do it	Thx for the advice	others
7646	Iowa State football fans are drinking all the Busch Light in Memphis at the Liberty Bowl	Warm up for San Antone.	I want to visit my folks in SA just to see what these Iowa State fans are doing!!!	others
7647	Going live with Puzzle Games Sunday over at   Tonight's game is 'Albert and Otto the adventure begins'. I passed the boxes, but there was a sheep & a fire, & it was bbaad. Stop by and say hi, or lurk either is cool.	hey sorry I didnt make the stream, DnD ran super late ~	Its okay. I totally understand. Glad to hear from you. Your presence was noticed &we were wondering about you.	others
7648	forever grateful	love you sm	Love u loads	others
7649	Everyone’s crush ^^	kumatora tho	Yeah, no.	others
7650	My sweat smells like weed	Every time i wash my head all i smell is weed	I don’t feel bad now. It’s all in my pores	others
7651	I be salty as fuck when I complete a whole anime series.. Damn I’ma miss My Hero Academia	The manga still exists though.	That’s true, I’ve gotta crossover one day	others
7652	"Dialects can be tricky too. What is common in one region isn't common in another. It's like Americans who say ""caddy-corner"" instead of ""kitty-corner"" or ""dragonfly"" instead of ""darning needle."" It all just depends :)"	It's not dialect. Yorubas, Which am a part of say Mugu alot while broken English says maga.	Sorry I wasn't clear. It's not just the dialects, it's that language varies greatly among, well, everywhere. You may be more familiar with Maga in a scamming context, but this article may explain the difference between the words better than I can: .	others
7653	I CANT WAIT TILL I CAN FINALLY GO BACK TO BLONDE	No que no wey	I’ve been looking at a lot of old snaps i miss it, it makes me feel cuter jeje	others
7654	NO ONE WANTS TO BE FRIENDS WITH ME EYE CEE	we're already moots, so... Hi, Seen from New Mexico. What up?	whats down? SSKSKSSKSS OKAY IM SO AWKWARD I CANT—	others
7655	Handling Sunday the best way I know how.	My alarm is set for 0400. Water and bed for me.	What marvelous destination are we flying to for work/golf tomorrow?	others
7656	Let’s gooo!!!!!!	LETS FUCKEN GO BRO!!!!!	I’m happy Carr starting to look like his old self	others
7657	you a bum. @ me back you bum	That man would end your life.	Y’all going on a crayon dinner date?	others
7658	todas as cenas desse filme sao marcantes pra mim. simplesmente todas	saddest movie ever	the saddest but the best movie ever	others
7659	Left my laptop on	This is awesome :D	They stan now btw haha C:	others
7660	ill never get over that one tweet of some army asking who was the blonde one next to jeongguk	WHAT WHEN	HMMH I CANT REMEMBER SOME ARMY JUST LIKE POSTED IT AND was like who’s the blonde one next to jeongguk and it like blew up for a bit and she deleted it dhdjdjdjd	others
7661	I will remind you all ...that if the Cleveland Browns had an actual NFL Kicker in the 1st 2 weeks and the NFL didnt screw them vs Oakland, they would be in 1st place in the AFC North.	Precisely why the Browns will have no shortage of excellent coaching candidates vying for that job next year	Danny, I say it every week and people still laugh....the Browns are legit. Dorsey will tighten up that defense and an free agent or 2....theyre legit title contenders in 2-3 years.	others
7662	ALSO I’ll probs be IA a lot the next 10 days because uh. i have finals!!! and presentations!!! AHHH!!! send ur good vibes my way please <3	GOOD LUCK MY BABY YOU WILL DO AMAZING! sending good vibes	I LOVE YOUUUU	others
7663	it was meant to be. I couldn't have asked for a better pack	Fully on board the Allan train now. He is unreal	saucy	others
7664	Alright alright I think I figured it out	I mean there are worse people to be than Pitbull let’s be real.	Ur a phony	others
7665	Yea In house chat ain’t work	BRO??	I’m on the edge man	others
7666	BIG FUCKIN SACK BOYS GOOD SHIT LETS KILL THEY ASS IN OT	Nah nah cooper calling game	Alshon calling game hoe	others
7667	That’s a bad fucking call ref they don’t want us to win on my mother they don’t	Get me banana king	No I’m at work	others
7668	the party ended a while ago get out of my mentions	You posted on a public thread, on a public social media, and you tell anyone who doesn’t agree with you to get out of your mentions? Okayyy	girl you’re coming here 20 minutes after the conversation. you stan a talentless abuser. you probably stink just like your fav. now leave damn	others
7669	i blame nat and alex wolff for this bullshit	OMG I THOUGHT UT WAS ME FOR A SECOND	WHAT OMG NOOO I LOVE U SJBSJJSJD	others
7670	I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: there is no reason why playing guitar should still be legally allowed in the United States	what is your feeling about air guitar.	I have a problem with it	others
7671	YOU KNOW WHAT FUCK IT IM GONNA DO IT IM GONNA MAKE ANOTHER FUCKING SANDWICH BECAUSE FUCK YOU	calm down mate	Sike I made cereal instead	others
7672	"Tfw there's a big rush at your service job and you think you're about to have a panic attack, but you somehow ""magically"" DON'T??"	That takes a lot of strength!	"It took my breath away freaking out that ""IT DIDN'T HAPPEN!!"" and forgot how to properly breathe for a moment."	others
7673	That was possibly the worst roughing the passer call I’ve ever seen.	And offensive pass interference call was a joke	Probably. There was a slight push off. But there have been so many terrible calls on both sides.	others
7674	Uhhhh pls read this fic of sv but from lbh pov... pls read about his raging hormones and confused boners	Svreamldjusuud IM SCREAMING...I'm crying at the office scoob... I cant belive my stupid fic inspired such beautiful art...pls...I'm dying	hgASHJKF yoU!! YOU!! thank you for the beautiful fic!!!! ^Q^ wait i i forGOT SHIZUN'S FRECKLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	others
7675	I must say, as a Jew, I do enjoy being told by non Jews that I’d learn much about what is and what is not antisemitism by watching Iranian state TV.	I would also recommend some Nazi propaganda from 1939 to you, very educational	Mein Kampf if a sea of knowledge.	others
7676	Ginger gunner will releases on Christmas Day along w red nose	N merry marauder?	Crackshot next week or week after next	others
7677	Who didnt see that coming??? I knew we’d get booted out of FG range. Just knew it. Thanks.	But I bet against Washington you were yelling for them to go for more yards	Are we playing as well as we did against the Skins? I’ll wait for your answer	others
7678	Deserved nothing	Fuckkk offfffff	Where am I wrong?	others
7679	This is how much the NFL must truly hate Kaep. REDSKINS would rather get destroyed and embarrassed with a guy who is one of the most awful QBs to ever play in Sanchez then sign Kaep and actually show some life to win today.	Pretty much. You can beat all the women you want. Use all the drugs you want. Just don’t call attention to the plight of blacks folks. That’s where we draw the line. Can’t have the field hands thinking about freedom	Its a shame..and a embarrassment to me that they would rather do that.	others
7680	For scale.	It's cute that thought y'all would just foster her!	He put up a good fight.	others
7681	I’m not a Cowboys fan but everyone else in my family is. And well here is my little cousin meeting Zeke.	That’s awesome	Right! He got a selfie with Zeke! The kid is beyond lucky.	others
7682	Just added to the website! A few 70's issues of Logan's Run. See more at	I loved their adaptation, and even the two additional issues after. That world had plenty of promise for more stories, just a shame the sales didn't support it.	Yea, I would have loved to have seen more issues of Logan's Run, along with 2001: A Space Odyssey.	others
7683	Oh boy the o-line is a problem	*Been* ..	Lol that’s what I meant	others
7684	We follow Bailey on IG and He passed last night of kidney failure at 14. Best at ever.	Sad news. Paw hugs to the family.	Had you read his story. It just went viral this year and now he’s gone. He’s was the coolest cat.	others
7685	Did you know a group of whales is called a pod	Did you know a group of crows is called a “murder”. That a group of cats is called a “clowder”. A mob of kangaroos. A cupboard of Pandas.	Did you know a group of frogs is called an army, and a group of owls is called a parliament	others
7686	260 words only 40 more to go!!!!	better than me	I finished now,,, to do it again for my next essay	others
7687	who yall got eU or Splyce	want eU but Splyce is lookin really good	i want what ever team OpTic can beat with ease lmaoo	others
7688	Wierd, hunh ?	Weird? Why?	Weird to catch in the act with its thumb on the TL flow scales	others
7689	I remember my first shrooms trip as well bro.	"The ""looking at the hand"" thing is a dead giveaway."	No one show him a mirror.	others
7690	I still think we are winning the Super Bowl!	You had too much to drink today	I did but we will see bro lol watch	others
7691	what does a treasurer do	tbh I dont even know what that word means	it was in an episode of the famous 5	others
7692	hyping me up when I got my 2nd job whata guy	somebody in hell with me!!	Can’t wait!!!! <3	others
7693	The referees are taking over the Cowboys Eagles game... damn let them play	Incredibly hard to watch.	Honestly tainted a great game on multiple calls. That offensive pass interference then the roughing the passer I just don’t understand	others
7694	i don’t have any recent pictures so here’s a video of me talking about my hair and then freaking out bc louis posted	I LOVE YOU OHMYGOD YOURE SO PRETTY	UGH I LOVE YOU TOO!!!!!	others
7695	Tem um contatinho mt maravilhoso, ele é mt dog (Pegador) e eu sou bv, tenho medo de pegar ele é pagar micão, oq eu faço?	"Ele quer ficar cmg, só que tenho ""medo"" ele quer tanto ficar cmg e eu não sei beijarrr"	Tmj miga	others
7696	What kind of convenience store doesn't have Twizzlers? I am outraged	Twizzlers are the devil's food.	I feel so betrayed	others
7697	Big difference from competition... this is as chunky as I'm gonna get (body fat wise). Strength levels way up because I've eaten without any limits over the past few weeks and let go completely... it's been interesting observing my own instincts which I've WTFd at a few times lol	It is fascinating isn’t it? “Intuitive eating” just isn’t viable. I’ve noticed the same with myself.	nature used to do a bit of the thinking for us :-)	others
7698	Ray Liotta will throw you in the trunk and kill you if you don't use Chantix	I bet it’s harder for him to blink than it was quitting smoking	Is there a pill for that?	others
7699	Omg why did I think this was Cara Delevingne with her shaved head	it’s not!!????	It is, I guess it was the acting ability that threw me off	others
7700	stan paramore	HELLO I LOBE PARAMORE	I LOBE PARAMORE TOO I LOBE YOU	others
7701	If you're reading this, thank you for existing.  I can't believe I'm leaving in the same era with all of these wonderful, amazing, and fascinating creatures.	there are also a lot of people in there who really love you and grateful for your appearance of a pretty girl like you you know? why you always love smelting people's heart like this?	I'm doing this to kill you.	others
7702	SteeLOLers	Lol Y'all lost too? Tf you mean	Not to a 2 win Raiders team. Thanks for handing us the division	others
7703	I love fog	i love your profile picture hahahahah	me too it's hot	others
7704	Bro that was passing interference... like come on!!!!!	Great D why was it ? Because it’s your team ?	That was clear!!!! We lost cause of bad calls too many times	others
7705	I saw White Diamonds for sale today, in case your lady friend wants to smell like 1991.	Like Dave’s biological mother.	You should get her a refill for Christmas	others
7706	Dak Prescott.	He’s having a great game of amari cooper though	He should be throwing to cooper every play he can’t be stopped.	others
7707	Lol she was so worried	Shit blew me. Was bout to get a search party on that ass	I’m okay bestfriend	others
7708	OI BES	)^:<	Wait d ko jollibee...what	others
7709	What if I can't forget you? I'll burn your name into my throat I'll be the fire that'll catch you What's so good about picking up the pieces? None of the colors ever light up anymore in this hole	looking good jaybaby!	I hate you	others
7710	What a fucking day lol.. I’m glad I didn’t take down twitter, cuz you guys are all some crazy fuckers and at the end of the day I see the love everyone has for each other, even amongst the distortion and misdirected hate.. there is much love here. And I’m thankful to be here	No one can make you be mad but you. Only you can choose to be angry	Amen bro	others
7711	Wow	dk why you’re surprised.	I’m not, still hurts	others
7712	Where's the rest of your beard?!	What do you mean?	Didn't you use to have a fuller, longer beard? Or...?	others
7713	So many mini Reese’s peanut butter cups. Some stuffed w receese pieces	Those are the best	I thought I imagined it. Bc I kept getting plain ones. Then I got another!	others
7714	Honestly, we should probably go ahead and send the Raiders another 1st rounder at this point.	He is saving Dak’s butt. But Dak for the most part has overthrown receivers or thrown bad passes most of the game.	he’s been really bad most of the game	others
7715	Creamed they stupid ass And Big Ben a Rapist	Lucky Ben didnt play smh	Ain't no shoulda coulda woulda it's over	others
7716	Suck my dick you Fletcher Cox haters	No one hates Fletcher Cox xD	You’d be surprised	others
7717	"Bernie Sanders is the one who created the false choice that Van Jones calls ""stupid' but instead of chastising Sanders for his ongoing obsession with the white working class, Jones goes to the Sanders sponsored ""People's Summit"" in summer 2017 and attacks Hillary Clinton instead."	As opposed to Clinton's reluctance to campaign in the north middle west where they might have reached the black working class? It's a mistake but it was made by both candidates unfortunately	That's it, cling to the fallacy	others
7718	Are you kidding me...? Derek Carr’s gotta go	Clutch gene	Yeah that was a nice drive. I’m probably irrationally harsh on the guy considering he has absolutely nothing on his offense outside of Jared Cook	others
7719	I still see Cowboys fans complaining about the roughing call on Wentz. It was a bad call but yall are forgetting about the offensive pass interference call against the Eagles the play before. Lmao that was a TD called back and it was also a horrible call.	It’s been bad on both sides	Both of those plays were very big calls. I didnt watch the first half but those two particular calls were horrible.	others
7720	i hate when it snows and jocelyn isn’t in rva bc i don’t go anywhere for days and she’s always my snow chauffeur	I think twitter is trying to hint at something, you're the only person I'd risk my life for a FREE ride	i’m honored	others
7721	Lol Steelers sorry	na we just nice	Not losing to my sorry Raiders y’all not lol	others
7722	This yall mans byron jones?	Lmaoo he not my man's, but he's good. 1 play don't define a DB	Hes a zone corner when in man he looks horrendous	others
7723	More than half of my comments section thinks a story of a giant monster made up of human body parts is real and they are investigating it to find the locations, dates, names, etc.. Help me	That's called a human. Lol	you know what I mean	others
7724	B is so perfect	I also want her to perform at my wedding. HAHAHA	You got BEYONCÉ money	others
7725	the cutest booty! an absolute peach!	!! alright cmere	i’m quite literally BEAMING at the sight of you! your body is perfect. your style is beyond. hair and face have me swooning.	others
7726	sometimes i really like my draws, they aren't bad, r they?	Please teach me how to draw like this!	i really loved read thatbut i just inspired myself with some artists fanarts and try to draw for practice	others
7727	There are so many things I want to draw from so many fandoms; KH, Sheith, FFXV, CritRole, Persona, istg why am I in so many fandoms;;; and then I draw nothing but my OCs adhsvkgdjg	I feel that so hard... I kind of push myself to draw fanart sometimes just bc it gets more attention than oc stuff lmao	Oof yeah, that's such a mood especially when the fanart attention gives you the validation you want ;-; it's a constant struggle to balance fanart and OC content	others
7728	Boswell better be cut tomorrow idc about his contract, that’s why you don’t give kickers long term deals	You assholes had 1 job smh.	Carr said he didn’t wanna tank he wasn’t lying lol. But nah we pretty much suck ass too. We do it to ourselves though	others
7729	I pray 2019 is the year everyone starts using the proper your and you're	Since pronouns are now fluid shouldn’t the use of then, than, your, you’re, to, two, and too also be fluid?	Why not ? Pretty soon we'll be using only emojis	others
7730	I fucked up my lower back I’m real life not tryna go to the hospital again...	Tell em you gotta go to hospital and I gotta take you cause you can’t drive	Fuck no I ain’t going bro cause I’m not tryna get shots	others
7731	It's officially too cold for me.	Its 47 in dallas stop	It's 50 here and will drop into the 30s and i dont have a working heater lol imma complain	others
7732	Not lovely, but here for my Louis!	ahhhh the first pic is sooo cute	That's pretty much where she lives when I'm home	others
7733	I can't sleep well damn	I even stopped trying	Hai this is horrible hey	others
7734	※女裝注意※ 辣兔寶	Whoa momma Ｏ(≧▽≦)Ｏ	A bunch of hot atuff	others
7735	This would be a fun concert! I could do this!	An online concert? Lol Could you fit it all in? Lol	BTW.. I’m doing an online concert Dec. 23! 5:30 West Coast Time	others
7736	Welcome to Oakland. Where the football team plays in a baseball stadium and the baseball team's 1st rd pick wins the heisman.	Pretty much beside myself right now.	i looked away and just saw the ball hit someone in the back like wtf	others
7737	it’s 7:30 but like gn streaks uwu	ur rlly living up to ur name	just cause i have an old person name doesn’t make me an old person	others
7738	Offset is hilarious	I tell you!!	I have that your video	others
7739	i have another turning 50 question.. when you turned 50 did you all of a sudden complain about being cold ALL THE TIME? i’m always so damn cold. i used to go get the mail in a blizzard in my boxers. now?	Being cold can be a sign of low thyroid or hypothyroidism. I had the problem for years and finally convinced my doc to put me on synthesis despite indeterminate test results. Not cold any longer and endocrinologist agrees that I need the meds.	i thought that was a woman issue	others
7740	So glad I decided to type my paper than watch Steelers twitter implode.	Well they are dogshit. That should be reason enough not to watch. What an utterly disappointing season	Meh. I’m just not getting all worked up over it.	others
7741	Overtime...	Dak helping and hurting us at the same time.	Pocket collapsed too fast bro that’s not Dak....the previous play already put us in a jam and he can’t throw it away because he’s in the pocket lol	others
7742	looooool this nigga thinks he's immortal technique	BILLY WAS A FIEND AT A AGE OF 13TEEN	Brooooo look at the state of these guys	others
7743	yeehonk	may texted me this	yee (and i cannot stress this enough) haw	others
7744	Fewer things less enjoyable in life than watching the Cowboys game with my mom.	At least you can watch it. I got no power.	Yall should come over. I texted you earlier about missing us during a big snowstorm.	others
7745	Nothing better than working, listening the best radio	Oo I hear the intro to my show too at the end :)	Laughs.	others
7746	I’m hungry	I’ll feed you	Can I eat u	others
7747	Jalen Hurts the LEGEND!	I wonder if Loran is gonna be back loving him when he was the ring leader in y’all couldn’t win with him and Tua’s God	Look who’s on here	others
7748	Cold milk at night is so good but now im extra cold but it was worth it but wasnt but it was	You seem to be having a dilemma there young T...	Just a bit	others
7749	If I had the power of looking like no one would be able to tell me shit. I would walk the damn earth like I owned it	But you’re just as pretty as her I-	There’s pretty and then there’s HER	others
7750	how about them steelers	Fuck you	I feel the love	others
7751	I’m depressed to so I’m gonna go to target after work tomorrow and spend all my money.	i LOVE Target	Me too	others
7752	my heart is but an empty void just like the blackhole. i be needing a gf to fill that emptiness up	maybe if u txted back	HV U TXTED ME BACK	others
7753	omg cowboys	The refs are playing for yall	Negative y’all suck cuh	others
7754	*Crenshaw and slauson	ayy wym lmaoo that's right around the corner from my house	Girl I live over here too	others
7755	o sorvete de doce de leite da minha mãe dá até dó de comer de tão bonito ;-;	meu deus q perfeição.. passa a receita dps ana, é meu sabor favorito !!	i'm on it assim que mamis responder eu posto aqui	others
7756	The instant regain	Their is no regain man.	U 100% right	others
7757	often times, we are afraid to disappoint, so we work ourselves to the ground but remember doing your best doesn't mean working yourself to a point of mental breakdown friends, finals week is going to be tough but so are you! take care yourselves first, your health is >> school	luv u and miss u	luv u too!!	others
7758	I’ve only written with a pen like 3 times in the past 12 months	Wtf	Not counting when I sign receipts, which looks like this	others
7759	"Is ""Let me explain in detail why I hate sonic and you should too"" how to flirt?"	Yes	I knew it	others
7760	A few decades late, but, hey...	Where'd ya find these gems?	Target.	others
7761	Okay I had enough of this I'm going to sleep wether he sleeps too or not.	Goodnight	Goodnight	others
7762	Bacon tastes good. Pork chops taste good	Ham and sausages too Mike, you’re garbage for not mentioning them.	Can’t forget about ham and sausage. My bad	others
7763	this really wasn’t funny i had a straight face	i did not laugh once throughout that 25 seconds	same dude it really wasn’t funny	others
7764	Bro, the cowboys try to lose on purpose, on good.	Smh, Dak and Carson both garbage	I'm sick of this shit	others
7765	Johnny is the real mvp Johnny isn't the coward	AHSKFJAKFKF JOHNNY IS THE MANCREALLY LMAO	i need SM station johnny X ten	others
7766	Christmas tip of free tickets! Memphis born, and finally visited.	Love your avi lol	lol! None of my come hither selfies turned out. I look like I'll boil your bunny, so I rolled with it.	others
7767	Boswell is the easy scapegoat here. He wasn’t the only person to slip on that field today. That defense is the one to blame.	You have one job. And he rarely does it anymore.	No I agree 100%. But he slipped, just like Switzer did. Gonna blame him too? No people won’t cause it was the beginning of the game and not the end	others
7768	Do you ever get hit with a fact that Harry and Taylor are together? Like we always talk about how they’re in love and married, but does it every hit you that they actually have a life together? They have morning routines and evening routines. They cook breakfast for each other +	I’m us tweeting the same thing sncnfnd	OH WORD SJDKSKS	others
7769	he didn’t let go and i almost fell as you can see at the end	HE NEVER WANTS TO LET GO ITS THE FUCKING CUTEST	did you post your picture on here! i need to go hype it up	others
7770	COOOOOOOOP	them niggas ass	Not here for the slander I ride or die for my boys	others
7771	12 inches and still snowing	A guys 12 inches or a female’s	I used a ruler	others
7772	Not a single one of my friends will bring me dots from Caseys and I’ve never felt more betrayed	I woulda if I wasn’t at work lol	Its fine I got some myself damnit lol	others
7773	I got too drunk last night but I never take pics when I go out and I usually want to	Drunken mess haha but so much love for you	That’s me, a mess but thanks, love you too	others
7774	But best believe I'll be back on black women after Christmas just trying to get these tamales real quick	You a lie but its okay	Nah bro I cant live without em!	others
7775	My beautiful, surprisingly noirish-looking, husband next to our beautiful Christmas tree, which he spent four hours dressing, today. NOW it’s Christmas!	He looks wonderful & so does your tree! Happy holidays!!	Thank you!	others
7776	pop??	got the same thing, but the pop genre is so damn t h i c c these days you could be listening to motörhead and someone would think it's pop	All of my top artists fit into sub genres of some sort of hardcore it’s hilarious	others
7777	UHHH GOT A 100% ON THAT 21 PAGE ESSAY	you are powerful beyond your wildest expectations	thank you... it feels like i just climbed a mountain	others
7778	I need a fucking drink	I got some wine	Nah my nigga a DRINKKKK	others
7779	I think the snow may be slowing down, folks. We've got about a foot at this point. Small change to you up north, but it's miraculous here in SW VA! Everybody's outside sledding and making snowmen, and I'm inside watching the birds at the feeder. Very good.	Do the snowmen identfy as male	Well, the creators said it was a snow MAN, so...	others
7780	Wouldn’t we have the tiebreaker against the Steelers?  Head to head is the same, conference record would be the same, and we have the edge in common games with two wins over the Ravens, and wins over Panthers and Broncos all of whom they lost to...	The Steelers are 1-0-1 against the Browns so no. They would need to lose out.	Oh yeah duh. Thanks	others
7781	I changed my account to snips because i couldnt stand sharing a body with any longer	who the fuck are you	The one who is going to end your lineage	others
7782	The one and only, Jazmine Sullivannnnnnnn	I’m glad you know	How could I not??	others
7783	In a Snowbarry mood	THOSE TWO MANIPS!!!! SLJSKSLSKSL	RIGHT?!	others
7784	H E L P	Gambar transfer dlm google photo. Install google photo tu. So nnti boleh clear album. Dont worry coz google photo is online based so tak makan memory phone pun.	thank u babe	others
7785	That on my way “text”	Mbn	I wish lol	others
7786	ladies & gentlemen after many sleepless nights & painstakingly long days of research, i present evidence that Waka Flocka is a time traveler	Nigga....	submitting this to all academic journals	others
7787	A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding was great, really, it was lovely. Then the wedding dress showed up. Does nobody over at own on iron??  No woman in her right mind would walk down the aisle looking like this.  This is a royal disgrace. I couldn’t be more upset.	Yikes, or even one of those travel steamers!	Exactly! It looks like they pulled it out of a box, threw it on her and filmed the scene	others
7788	"kboos when they learn ""onionhaseyo oppar sayranghae"""	WHAT IS IT WITH U AND CLOWNING ME WHAT DID I EVER DO TO U	please it's not my fault you tweet clownable content SKSJDHDB	others
7789	This Cowboys game looks good af and I can’t even watch it tired of this shit	We fightin if the cowboys win lol	Don’t talk to me rn come back in 10 and even then	others
7790	i have this strong urge to reinstall pocket camp and start from the very beginning but i know 1) i'll tear my own hair out if i start from scratch and 2) probably get bored after a couple of days	omg same... i keep thinking about reinstalling, but why, i'll play for like two hours total and drop it again	there's something abt the game that keeps me thinking abt it but also i have 2 brain cells (not enough to keep me focused on it) this is a tragedy	others
7791	The AP Ballot of the People! This is my CBB Top 15: 1. Kansas 2. Duke 3. Gonzaga 4. Michigan 5. Tennessee  6. Virginia 7. Auburn 8. Michigan State 9. Nevada 10. Texas Tech 11. Florida State 12. Virginia Tech 13. Wisconsin 14. UNC 15. Buffalo	Why is Kansas your number 1	Their SOS and the fact that they’re still undefeated. Might not be playing the best but I think they’ll get the top spot. Duke will get a ton of votes though.	others
7792	Steelers are trying to give us this division title man	Trying so hard. The Ravens need to go out and take it these next 3 weeks	Definitely I’m confident we can do it but we have to play a full game stuff today giving up 4th and 9s kill me	others
7793	I JUST GOT MY LSAT SCORE BACK AND I DID IT!!!! IM GOING TO LAW SCHOOL!!!	GIRL YESSSSSS	Thanks!! I’m so excited!	others
7794	Haley Little is the biggest heroine addict slut I’ve ever met. She’ll literally fuck anything that walks. She’s got a 54 body count already.	I have a photo of your boyfriend bruised eye from where you hit him. Should I post it?	Post it btw I don’t have a boyfriend.	others
7795	@ bts give us a pet play date vlive, PLEASE	omg maybe if holly made a comeback	where is holly...its been so long i miss my child	others
7796	win or lose, this is the worst Eagles game I have ever watched	We say that at least once a season.	I mean it extra this time tho	others
7797	Still don't got the combine tab smh	Would you kindly open a ticket here? Thanks! *AT	I did this is the 2nd one. But i will remain patience	others
7798	Of course. If I was in the other playoff matchup I’d be blowing them out. Instead, I’m gonna lose to	“No punt intended”. Amazing.	Haha. Glad you liked that one. One of my favorites.	others
7799	The Lions just continue to screw their fans. First they can’t win when they actually need to and now they can’t lose when they actually need to. Oh and they made us watch this too... Great organization	If they lost, you would bad mouth them anyway. Just shut up.	Don’t they deserve to get bad mouthed regardless?	others
7800	This is the good stuff!	My brother just got this for his birthday and is loving it. I still have all my seasons on dvd and Mask of the Phantasm on Blu-ray, which is really the gem of the entire series.	For sure. I'd probably put Mask of the Phantasm over any of the live action films if I'm being honest.	others
7801	Yay, another poll! Would you still buy a hard copy of a rulebook if you had a quick access to the rules online (website, or app)? Please RT for better results! Thank you all!	For that kind of thing I like being able to bookmark and flip through a physical book.	I totally forgot about bookmarking	others
7802	For the old schoolers/farts like me....	OH YEAAAHHHHH!!!	hahaha I spent so many hours on that game..... A lifetime ago...	others
7803	Thawing out	We left during the 3rd at 40-0. Couldn’t feel my toes and our D looked like they quit. Sad day	I left halfway through the 3rd	others
7804	Tomlin and Keith Butler need to go. The team has regressed tremendously since the loss to the Patriots in the AFC Championship. You cannot defend this coaching staff any longer. Changes need to be made.	The Broncos and this game were must wins. Now you have the Pats and Saints still left and you can’t even beat these guys. Totally agree.	Steelers won't make the playoffs. Ravens will win the division and the Colts will snag the last wild card spot	others
7805	FIGHTS BREAKING OUT HELP!!!!!	Record it!	Dude literally next to us. Javi was trying to stop them	others
7806	PrinciPals...I told you I liked glitter. LOL.	Beautiful!	Thank you! This is my first year with a white tree.	others
7807	Fuck the Steelers !	Can’t even tank correctly	I’ll take this one though lol	others
7808	turn up is basically the goofy goober song just saying	the goofy goober song slaps	i'm suing	others
7809	That unexpected Steelers (7-5-1) loss in Oakland is huge. Means (9-4) would have to lose twice to fall beneath No. 3.  Also means Pittsburgh will be extremely incentivized to beat New England (9-4) at home next weekend, else they might not even win the AFC North.	They're not winning against New England.	At home? I dunno, NE hasn’t been that impressive of late	others
7810	Clinical Pearl: I call this the “Maribel Pillow”An amazing Peds ED RN showed me how she gives comfort to babies who have IVs I use the sterile 2x2 gauze in the IV start kit and fold it in half 1x. Fold 2x for an	any anecdotal thoughts on whether it actually increases comfort?	Anecdotally, in peds, esp babies and toddlers (the cute chunky toddlers - may require more padding BC the IV is good but positional). I have found that it’s comforting for peds pts.	others
7811	Shea Weber 2-0	Celui-là est so wrong	Wrong c'est bon right?	others
7812	This week will mostly involve me reading things into a microphone in various studios around Seoul and running around like a headless chicken preparing for our imminent trip to the UK.	Oh ... Catch the Wave to the UK? Then no show during Christmas?	Catch the wave will still be here next week with a special guest host from next Monday! Then I'll be back live on air from Christmas Eve!	others
7813	gays i wasn’t paying attention to what jacket i put on to help bring groceries into the house and now,,,i am invisible to the human eye	sarah why did you post a picture of your room im scared	that isn’t my room	others
7814	eeve won't play daybreak i asked her nicely and she's refusing she actually didn't remember what song it was and typed it in and SAW it was 2hyun and refused to play it and i'm tattling on her bcos she told me not to tell you	GASP THAT'S LITERALLY MY FAV SONG IN THE WORLD HOW DARE SHE	SAME. THE SONG IS SO GOOD... she's playing it now	others
7815	Ehhhh....Mike Tomlin as the next Jet HC?? Idk	Nope	Agreed	others
7816	The Lions just continue to screw their fans. First they can’t win when they actually need to and now they can’t lose when they actually need to. Oh and they made us watch this too... Great organization	If they lost, you would bad mouth them anyway. Just shut up.	Don’t they deserve to get bad mouthed regardless?	others
7817	whEn life is falLing apart & so is ur phone	charge ur phone Momo	IM DEADASS AM & did we loose pur streak i swear if my only streak is gone im actually doing it	others
7818	That game comes down to Ben not playing the second half even though he was healthy.	raider nation bb	Our Vegas Raiders	others
7819	The Steelers go 50+ yards on a hook and lateral to set up a game tying field goal with 4 seconds left and the Raiders block it to win. Holy smokes. Week 14 takes the cake for most thrilling finishes of the NFL season.	It wasn’t blocked. Boswell fell down as he went to kick the ball. So much for the Steelers $20 million investment in him over the next 5 years.	Congrats	others
7820	I like how Pyke is so skilled, executing someone from 900 health when they have 120 armor... Does Pyke R deal true dmg or what?	Pyke ult doesn't deal damage when you are under the hp-value, it just kills you. Eve ult on the other hand, deals more dmg when ur low.	Yeah but when I read Pyke's PBE changes once, when they buffed his ultiamate, they buffed it's damage... so I don't know what to believe	others
7821	THE FULL VERSION OF DONT THINK TWICE IS SOOO GOOD WOW I like it a ton more now.	Wait what?!?!?!? i thought this wasnt coming out til next month?!?!?!?!?	It’s available to stream is currently on YT.	others
7822	⤷ no matter how much i say i love you, i always love you more than that.    — {	u look so cute i love your hair	oh thank you so much my hair is a mess, but thank you	others
7823	Apparently they broke up because of Tinashe. Women ruin everything	Word?? Did they talk about this on Vlad?	I believe so in the Ben J interview with him I think	others
7824	Tomlin and Keith Butler need to go. The team has regressed tremendously since the loss to the Patriots in the AFC Championship. You cannot defend this coaching staff any longer. Changes need to be made.	The Broncos and this game were must wins. Now you have the Pats and Saints still left and you can’t even beat these guys. Totally agree.	Steelers won't make the playoffs. Ravens will win the division and the Colts will snag the last wild card spot	others
7825	This defense is like playing Russian roulette with 5 rounds instead of 1	Shot right in the head. Again	Just a grazing blow. Still on life support.	others
7826	turn up is basically the goofy goober song just saying	the goofy goober song slaps	i'm suing	others
7827	Play calling today awful. WTF are you doing on 3rd and 4th down???	Or maybe 1st or 2nd...	It's all 4	others
7828	Ye **Khabri bhot block block khelta hai aaj Mene isi Ko hi block kar diya..Itne negative tweets krta hai.I just hate him..	Bro report bhi kardo iss chutiye ko..For target harassment..twitter, twitter India, twitter customercare ko tag karke ek tweet bhi daal dena apne a/c se	I have already reported!!	others
7829	Thank u for wasting 25 mill on the kicker who's lost you 3 games this season ... I CANT WAIT TO SEE WHAT HE DOES FOR THE NEXT 4 YEARS	can we have a jersey burning?	There's no way he can wear it in public anymore	others
7830	This year is full of surprises... I am extremely happyyyyy	weh	Well	others
7831	hey, been a minute.  for the clout	You’re beautiful	thank you	others
7832	I read this as a skeleton with boots on his arms like no wonder the guy died he couldn’t even put fashionable shoes on correctly	I love that it's actually your phone background	I have reached Clot Singularity	others
7833	Red beans & rice	Ooh. As an expert in this dish, I am uniquely qualified to say: it looks great. Happy to see the rice underneath instead of awkwardly ladled on top.	Thank you! It’s my first time making it	others
7834	First of all they both have their own pillows, Dallas’s pillow is only a bit smaller but they both like the XL one so petty ass Atticus is laying on the floor	I am Atticus	I want you both to be better	others
7835	eeve won't play daybreak i asked her nicely and she's refusing she actually didn't remember what song it was and typed it in and SAW it was 2hyun and refused to play it and i'm tattling on her bcos she told me not to tell you	GASP THAT'S LITERALLY MY FAV SONG IN THE WORLD HOW DARE SHE	SAME. THE SONG IS SO GOOD... she's playing it now	others
7836	wyd	Being grown	Oh lord@well wash it before u give it to the next Nicca	others
7837	Nerds that laser you so u get in a box and they deagle and heavy sniper your wall are gay	Shit	Both are 1 shot weapons to walls and i’m on new editing bind so i couldn’t get it edited in time still clapped him	others
7838	PLEASE show me a starting pitcher in FA that will give the Yankees the Verlander/Sale they need.	Well thats just a stupid take because nobody in MLB is sale or verlander other than sale and verlander. Plenty of guys we can get	Lmao name me someone in FA who would be the front line starter the Yankees are missing? Oh that’s right you can’t because there are no. Only way they get one is via trade. Happ/Lynn aren’t difference makers.	others
7839	My Starbucks boyfriend is so fine ugh I didn’t get his name :(	how many bf’s you got	I lost count	others
7840	Throw uindy in this, they’ll run a few of these teams out for sure	No shot	Already beat valpo, I bet they’d beat Evansville, ball state, iupui, and Indiana state	others
7841	Really pretty play	wendell playing the zone doesn’t help but yeah that extra kyrie backscreen is delicious.	Duke played a lot of zone D last year with Carter and Bagley so maybe he was lost in ok'd habits	others
7842	I’m still running off like 2 hrs of sleep I swear I got some crackhead in me	i took a nap today...only 3hrs tho it wasn't enough	Ionno if imma make it	others
7843	I have no idea why there aren't pockets in women's clothing. It makes no sense. I mean, you have to wear pants, it's a social thing. But even if it wasn't I'd still wear them because pockets. I got shit to carry around.	Fake pockets are unbelievably annoying!	I can only imagine	others
7844	criminal minds au pls write itself	OMG YOU ARE WRITING IT???????	...perhaps.	others
7845	U gotta let go of it to grow from it	???????????????????????????	Nothing bad lol I promise	others
7846	We just really can not overstate how hugely awesome of a move that Amari Cooper trade was for Dallas...	Think it matters in long run w Dak at qb? He’s bottom 5 at best starting qb w a SB caliber D	I think there’s a Joe Flacco style chance you catch lightning in a bottle with 3 or 4 games in a row of high level play.	others
7847	Twitter ?	Yeah	Good answer lol I don’t know	others
7848	Toñito del pasado, siempre estás en mi corazón.	Es tu pose	100% real no fake	others
7849	Rams FG attempt hits the uprights.	My dad at 72 a life long Rams fan says you don't know crushing self created defeat until you root for the Rams. Hopefully getting their bad Game over b4 playoffs	I lived in Tampa in the early 1990s. I understand bone-crushing humiliation.	others
7850	I want these Chanel shoes so bad	Are you trying to drop hints in me	Yes. I’m hoping you get them for me	others
7851	Having trouble with the penultimate line of this Fontane poem: why <<dies können ist das beste>>, not <<dies kann sein das beste>>. Can someone help?	to be able to sum up everything the way you liked it best (retro perspective).	Does this seem like an acceptable version of 'Und dies können ist das Beste/Wohl bei diesem Weihnachtsfeste' - 'To fathom this may be the best/Of having reached this Christmasfest'? Here's the whole poem:	others
7852	Cowboys, Bears, Vikings has the best defense in the NFC	Naw Vikgs Defense is not as good as they were last year if we bring honest	Yea you right they been up and down all season	others
7853	what if i don't want to yeet thhis yeast? :-(	would you like to obtain that wheat based product instead?	sure, if it's your treat. :D	others
7854	now I want hot chocolate !!	Treat yourself babe	I wish but it’s nighttime and I’m supposed to be asleep sldjdkdj I already some earlier today though uwu !!!	others
7855	Goff sacked on 4th-and-4 and that’s going to make it very difficult for LA to complete a comeback. 4:28 left in the contest, Rams down 15-6. LA has only one timeout remaining.	You have to start something to be able to complete it....	Well, Patrick, that’s fair	others
7856	Treating people accordingly from here on out	So this why you didn’t answer my call ? Ok sis	oh shit no. I thought u responded to the father of the bride tweet lol I’m weak lol	others
7857	ilysm <3	you’re one of my most active mutuals so yk i had to! ily	you’re so cute, thank u <3	others
7858	left my cookie in my car. sucks to suck	you can't just leave that behind	it’s so cold........and i’m so weak	others
7859	This afternoon was!	My son just met JV yesterday and had said wow hes tall... imagine him next to Muggsy! Little did we know he was in town too!	That's awesome!	others
7860	Derrrrrp	I hate the cowboys but c’mon man the eagles have 1 SB	Yeah like our entire history? I admit we’ve hit rough times but cmon we got 5 rings in our history.	others
7861	What do you think ? Can we get a Colecovision Flashback with HDMI in 2019?	We'll certainly consider it.	If you build it, they will buy..............and I'll be the first one. :) Love your stuff. I've got a whole retro mini/flashback cube bookcase I'm working on finishing setting up.	others
7862	I lost my favorite ring around this time last year in front of a Starbucks,my mom wanted me to just replace it But I spent like 3 hours in the cold looking for it	did you ever find it	Yeah I did	others
7863	What if instead of working my pastoral care paper, I bake a cake?	I told you to write your paper while avoiding writing mine	Thank you. I appreciate the mutual procrastination	others
7864	I’ve already spent way too much money on Christmas presents. someone take my card away pls	will do if I can use it	you have an expensive taste soo uh i’ll pass	others
7865	im sorry dean stans i know ur probably annoyed that most ppl associate dean with him falling down the stairs on ig live but its literally just so funny	AND LIKE WHEN HE GETS UP AND WALKS OVER TO THE CHAIR AND SITS DOWN KSHDKSJDBR	OSDJSJEKFOSJFKDK I ALWAYS THINKING ABOUT THE SINGLE EMOJI IN THE CHAT	others
7866	I literally cannot wait for ’s Suho drawing how to concentrate on anything for the next few days?!	Aww you will have to wait a bit more for him tho ;-;	I will wait!	others
7867	Bears and cowboys have the best defense in the league rn	Dtpacman logic says packers	Tae best wr in the league too	others
7868	I crankkkk my heat in the morning and don’t get out of bed til it’s hot hot	Kash ass	He ain’t wrong for it	others
7869	i have army and it’s terminal	could you stand further away, so it doesn't pass to the rest of us	aww........ dont be so scared!!!! being an army isnt that bad :) all you have to do is bow to your overlords and chant Jin Sexy on repeat until you fall into a catatonic state and get kidnapped and thrown into a room with a tv playing bts on repeat until the end of your days wh	others
7870	Tonight was exactly what I needed  Thank you hun	Anytime girlie! We real friends period	I felt that	others
7871	Can you believe there was a time when people celebrated Christmas without Sia? Like no wonder Jesus died.	DELETE THIS	But he did! I read the Bible.	others
7872	I can haz a cranberry sprite?	I gotchu one	You're a good person. It's real out there. Stay safe fam. <3	others
7873	Another fine example of	How rude and insulting to Jensen. He has said he doesn’t play Dean that way so she’s trying to tell him he’s not a good actor apparently. KEEP YOUR FANFIC IN FANDOM. what exactly are you actually screening out?	Pictures of Sam and Dean looking at each other, for starters. In a list of items we're aware of being signed that includes destiel bondage porn and obscene destiel artwork, the only thing I know of that's ever been forbidden is a pic of Sam and Dean looking at each other.	others
7874	11:11  i hope ur headache goes away soon	i love you	i love you too	others
7875	YOURE WILDDDD, GO OFF	LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO homeboy mad he got no hoes	you might wanna @ him jsss or else he gonna go off	others
7876	Tag yourself I’m meat menu	i’m the bottom one	I so knew it	others
7877	This boutta be the best summer of my life	We moving to Arizona ?	No lol what I told u last night	others
7878	It drives me nuts lol	I was wondering what the fuck that was. I have both games on right now so I kept looking over to the other one. Hahaha.	Ya took me a few games to figure it out	others
7879	Linked up with the little homies last night me and my niggas go way back	Why do you look like a damn narco	I think I took narcos Mexico too seriously	others
7880	the picture of my bias and.....my another bias	what is.... loyalty?	loyalty is....something that we cant have..	others
7881	LILY UNBLOCKED ME	does that mean you’ve been checking. all day	FUCK U MAYBE	others
7882	Here is the follower master list	Whoa! Do I get like a karate belt for this?	Absolutely! You should for keeping track of us.	others
7883	Do you know what would help solve this problem, besides the obvious step of raising the minimum wage? A Universal Basic Income program combined with Medicare-for-All partially funded by tax revenue from the sale of federally regulated, legalized recreational cannabis.	So when are you running? I’ll volunteer.	I have some stuff up my sleeve.	others
7884	Bond #9 and Gucci Guilty	I still don't know how I feel about Bond #9, I got it but it's so lemony to the scent	my girl hates it. But i love the shit. I want to try #7 and that Versace scent	others
7885	I have 67.42	So what we eating	Dang yall gone take all my lil flex come lol	others
7886	Monday morning is not the move today	It is the move today	It's not the move I want tho lol	others
7887	lmfaoO do mus ich irgendwie ad	I love you	i lob u too	others
7888	DAMN I REALLY LIKE BOYS WITH TATTS!!1!1!!1!!!!11!	WAIT DIDI HAS A TATTOO?? I DIDNT KNOW AJSJA	THATʼS NOT DIDI THATʼS YE HELIN FROM IPD2	others
7889	Just realized my wife is on twitter...def. not following her	Nude pics?	Absolutely!	others
7890	"Watched Cherry Bullet's ITNW cover and they're... so... average?? Like I saw people commenting ""flawless vocals and dancing we stannn"" but I just don't see it? I find them pretty weak in both singing and dancing. Idk maybe my standards are too high lol"	show us just a one group that can sing as stable as while dancing without lypsinc and backound vocals from this generation~~	Dreamcatcher :)  And Mamamoo, I guess. (Btw you're a boice, good taste)	others
7891	It’s not okay to be scared of Praying	OMG I would never be afraid of Kesha it’s the video app!	I know Issa joke	others
7892	Any good, affordable website developer here? I want to move from blogger to Wordpress.	Be careful of who you choose to work with; many of them are thieves. can you have this done?	Thank you dear. That’s why am asking. I understand this can be tricky	others
7893	Someone link me all the incineroar and snake info as possible	If you’re playing incineroar get ready for every zoner character to fk ur shit up	I live for this	others
7894	2 cool 4 skool	Ooof ur so pretty :(	I love you :(	others
7895	Bruh nobody should always have TEA	They making it they self.	I can believe itridiculous	others
7896	*knock knock* 100M for Coutinho. Do you sell?	Never!	How much?	others
7897	No, I will not vote for Bernie again.  It’s time for Senator Sanders to stop pretending to be a Democrat and let our primaries move forward minus him.  He needs to learn his place.  Yup. I said it.	Millions of Democratic voters voted for him. Maybe the party should find someone who reached the left wing a bit better.	Hell, I voted for him. But the wake of the 2016 election, he’s lost me.	others
7898	I'm top, can we end it now! PLEASE!	Haha!!!!	I'm not top anymore	others
7899	"I knew we'd have this gradient of snow across the metro, but seeing the final map is still crazy looking. Check out how Crowders mountain shows up in Gaston Co. with 6-8""."	The interpolated ‘Trace-1”’ could be pushed slightly NW around Fort Mill. Only accumulating frozen precipitation was sleet which measured < 1/2”.	"that's 0.5"" of snow/sleet they count as one in the same."	others
7900	There's something in the air	Lol make e no reach me abeg	Buy gas mask or hold your breath till youe face turns purple	others
7901	The difference between communities w.r.t. conditional accepts is interesting: at . Jinx!	Quoting the CHI email: We had to be very selective and you should be very proud of your accomplishment. Note that all papers accepted by the program committee are given this designation of “conditional acceptance”	Yes. They are still conditional, which means that they *could* get rejected. I'm sure that there are a few that get rejected every year, or the designation would be meaningless. Perhaps it's just having served as PC chair that makes me overly cautious. ;)	others
7902	some antis really call stray kids as wandering children,,, where did yalls creativity go? :(	wait why is that the worst parody name i've ever heard	idk i think they lost too many braincells when they decided not to stan stray kids :/	others
7903	the second picture...	If you look closely in the first picture you’ll see her	i peeped	others
7904	I feel like one of those advent calendars at the 99 cent store that no one wants.	same	Like I’m just hearing about how great all the others are and I never have the chance to show anyone my worth because they look at me and decide I’m not worth it.	others
7905	The	Why aren’t we???	Because they don't need him. Smarter to spend the money elsewhere and bank on at least one of McMahon, Hampson, and Rodgers to become an every day type player.	others
7906	Day 4.. let's give it up for day 4 of doubles	Okay but you’re gonna have more than enough to take on trips now	He's paying for his own travel fees. I'm no human bank	others
7907	Funny cuz all of our “legends” WISH they had the freedom these artist had today.	But maybe it's a good thing they didn't. I think freedom is great but sometimes you need to have some rules to begin before you can really kill em	I feel you. But its also ok for that to be the difference between the eras.... the 60s and 70s had rules too. Those rules ended lives lol. But the music was great. Dont mean we should go back	others
7908	A hollup glokknine lightway hard	I wasn’t fw bc of the Vlad TV interview... but he jugg when he hit that “ehhhh ehhh”	Yea I had seen when he said that clown ass shit and never gave buddy a listen lol	others
7909	I got a new notebook uwu	afahahshshsksk this is literally me except I don’t have enough money to buy both versions for all the albums :,)  btw that notebook is so pretty omg	After stray kids won at mama, i will not shut up about it until this time next year jsjsjsj it is isnt it, i wasnt lying hehehhe	others
7910	Big night tonight 8pm kick off FC Mandy hoping to push for division 2	Play us big boys	Whats your team	others
7911	Do I even belong on here?	I LOVE YOU SO MUCH	I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MORE	others
7912	Great news for our studio-	OMG, Congrats Marcel and all the rest of the team for such an amazing collaboration Good luck and keep the good work.	Has nothing at all to do with me, I just work on Anno. But amazing for the studio and team!	others
7913	I really wanna try fake eye lashes	Same here	I swear. Never done it my entire life	others
7914	A great writer with very considerable eyebrows: John le Carre.	I believe he modelled his eyebrows, though not his literary approach, on Mark Twain’s moustache. Actually Mark Twain seems to have modelled his own eyebrows on his own tashe. Facial hair self-plagiarism?	Who knew? Intellectual property in a moustache!	others
7915	I haven't seen King of Boys	You are our only King! You don’t need to see the awesome movie;	Nah. I'm seeing it please.	others
7916	İyi güzel oynuyorsunuz da beni afife almayın.	hafife*	Afife	others
7917	So, a bittersweet announcement today. I'll be leaving and I'm stoked about it! From one great team to another!	Congratulations Ben nice one. What will you be doing?	I'm going to get to work with and his amazing Customer Success Team!	others
7918	i kinda pulled off the pyramid and floor edit thingy... you'll see. (Not for RC BTW)	I just watched your Gtx 1060 3 gb , what obs settings are you running to get it too play so smooth without chopping	Since that video was made so long ago I don’t know my obs settings atm I haven’t used it in a while I think I may have deleted it because my pc can’t handle streaming I would recommend making sure you have 16 gb of ddr4 ram at least	others
7919	Two hours after the biggest play in Miami sports history since Ray Allen’s 3, I’m still in gleeful shock. Hopefully the as a springboard to the playoffs!	-No shot.  Not with the Colts win at Houston.  But it was a nice thought.	They have a path man, especially with all of those other teams losing. Vikings are their last hurdle imo.	others
7920	I played so damn good this morning Definitely gonna be grinding later today	Tfti	I was gonna hit you up, let’s play later bro? Just got off gonna do IRL things but in a couple hours I’ll be down to play!	others
7921	Mel, you are so pure, so honest, so truly beautiful. Talking to you each day makes me smile & knowing you're always there for me makes my heart full. You are a genuine friend each day of the week, not just Tuesday. You are irreplaceable.	Now you got me crying even more but it’s okay because I’m so thankful for you every single day. I love you	i don't mean to make you cry but I'm happy its with joy <3	others
7922	i can never listen to love myself the same way since london round 2! ive watched my concert video and i just remember the way i cry in it sksksn	I SOB EVERY TIME IT JUST REMINDS ME OF THEM LEAVING, IT HURTS LIKE A BITCH	HONESTLY :( im listening to it rn and i can just hear my ugly crying in my head sksksks	others
7923	fuzzy.. miqo feet...	Toe beans..	i wanna squish them........	others
7924	Play Off second leg, KOP hasn’t been the same for a while	This makes me sad	It’s a tough one to watch, good memories though.	others
7925	Nahhhhhhhh	uhn uhn!! why not?!!	They not true R&B, well Torey is but nowhere near Trey Usher or Tank. Bryson do more rap singing thank Sing singing lol	others
7926	So... my package from	Thank you for reaching out to our team. Our records show that your package was delivered on 11/24/18 at 1:21 pm at the front door. I am sorry to hear that you have not received your package. You can start a lost packge investigation to try to locate your package. ^CB	That was for a different package. It was delivered several hours after the notification said it was. This is for a new package	others
7927	Contrary to popular belief, MOTHER! is actually an allegory of what it feels like to grocery shop at the Silverlake Trader Joe’s on Sunday evening.	isn’t that the one that had a police standoff?	yes it was!	others
7928	98% of men want their woman to let them have sex with another woman, but will threaten to leave their woman if she mentions wanting to sleep with another man.	"In my experience these are the same men who think MMF is a ""train"""	Let’s not even get started on the discussion of MMF vs. “Train”. I can’t even handle another debate on it.	others
7929	Sat morning walk with Winnie and look what came out at 9:30am.	(3/3) occupied by wildlife. The public is urged to report aggressive or fearless coyotes immediately, and to call 911 if there is a threat to safety. You can get more information about coyotes here:	They dont do anything g I have tried..	others
7930	Lady olyander virtually done for the nighthaunt bit more work on the base needed but the nighthaunt are coming alone	Looking great man! Nice to see there’s always a little slannesh in what you do :p	I do seem to painting a lot of purple lately	others
7931	TTFS are really reluctant to praise Liverpool lately	I always find Glendenning seems to be very indifferent regardless of performance. Arguably he's like that about everything, but...he does seem less impressed by us specifically.	He’s not on this. Stopped listening to that when Jimbo left	others
7932	Hit 120 last night. Will be doing bg's and hopefully get some wpvp action in again tonight. Hit me up Deacon#1133	You trash	Got any alliance toons? Come play bro it's fun again.	others
7933	dad bought me a car for my bday eye-	COME TO LONDON N O W	I CANT DRIVE	others
7934	Say something! SAY IT	Wtf is it with the caps nigga	You’re looking for problems now	others
7935	2 more wins and DA Bears are going to the playoffs!	We going to a game???	Yeah you can come with me & next year on a Monday night!!	others
7936	Why do you have a YouTube channel? Feel free too comment any reasons not mentioned, because if I can make a decent living doing nothing but making YT videos, I might consider a new occupation. I’m getting too old for the drama of everyday going to work, dealing with a boss.	Best way to do it is to start off doing it for fun then if your channel grows where you have hundreds of thousands subs then it can probably turn into your occupation	That’s true! Always full of good knowledge!	others
7937	will be in Santa Monica next week. Should i bring some of the new Mojolicous stickers?	Probably! might be able to put together a perl mongers meeting	Flying in on Saturday and driving to San Diego on the 19th. I'm with wife and kids, so might not have time for a full Mongers meetup, but would be lovely to say hi and drop off some stickers.	others
7938	Please who is this one now. Is his brain functioning well? Please, keep your nuggets in your pocket. Thank you.	I don’t know how they think honestly lol	It’s just ignorance and foolishness	others
7939	I love when people try to use christianity to justify their hate and discrimination  Just admit you're homophobic and go	"no religion outright states ""be a bigot and hate gay people"" idk why they try to justify that shit when god himself doesnt hate anyone"	You're literally supposed to love thy neighbor lol My FAVORITE is when they quote the old testament and act like that still has any influence on how we're supposed to act today like  Yeah that was the law but also guess what better not wear clothes made of 2 different cloths	others
7940	I will gladly serve as White House Chief or Staff with 3 conditions: 1. I will not sign an NDA. 2. I will document and report all illegal activity I observe as part of my job. 3. FSU Political Science Department is provided with the funds to hire someone to teach my courses.	(3) seems unlikely to be the main sticking point.	Yeah, my guess is if they’re OK with my first two conditions, we can probably work out something to settle my third condition.	others
7941	i say underrated bts song you say?	tomorrow	a whole queen, yes	others
7942	Lowkey happy Jacquees did what he did I hope it ignites some R&B artists to drop some more music	Plz no. Keep that era in 2000s	Keep what era in the 2000s? R&B music? you’re sleeping man	others
7943	Y’all I—	on my way to donate!!!! getting the best avenger outta space	we all gotta do our part. god bless. happy nondenominational holiday	others
7944	Good day FAM gym tomorrow shoulders and back work today what you guys and gals up to?	mapping out life direction and trying to enjoy the day what else is new you pal.	Amen bro in Christ we all gotta learn to trust god and take it one day at a time	others
7945	Q6 When someone is adding stress to my life I tell them so and also give a suggestion for how they can change their behavior to add less stress to my life (or I can remove them from my life if that doesn't work).	I always think talking things out is the best way. Not everyone is receptive to that though!	Agreed. Sometimes people don't want to hear it and sometimes people don't realize they've been doing something that's stressing me out.	others
7946	I’m not taking any of y’all seriously on here until I find out about your musical background.  There’s about 4 of y’all I follow that I can name off the top of my head who I actually trust & respect your opinion & analysis of Black music.	*smiles in music theory*	I can see a goofy ass mischievous grin on your face now lol	others
7947	i wanna try thai food	Go to noodle	downtown? what should i get?	others
7948	Normandy Lagoon, Lymington today.	what amazing colour! I feel the same as u about this spot, it draws u in & hard to leave	It really was so nice to see, the clouds bubbled up nicely to mix with the lowering sun to bring out the colour of the water. Yes it’s lovely, I spent part of my 21st birthday there in January on the day I found out I’d be going to Scotland as my present. Such precious memories.	others
7949	I love when the trees are done like this...	"It's the : "" Tim Burton Neon Smartie Tree "" ~ Jo"	Even better!!	others
7950	Ever since I started to get into skincare I’ve been thinking that, actually, selling the Avon would really suit me.	My mum used to sell Avon when I was a kid & she used to get giant suitcases that looked like toolboxes of tiny lipsticks. It would have been amazing if I gave a shit about lipstick.	Tiny lipsticks for tiny children. A great concept.	others
7951	Our challenge is to articulate the diversity of talents of our	Beatriz, maybe we should talk? The coaching & HE teaching I do may be useful to help your graduates in precisely these areas.	that sounds very interesting. Let’s think on something in the new year. Thanks!	others
7952	I'd never do such a thing	Quality	I'm already thinking about which neighbours	others
7953	Starbucks style internet cafe but with alcohol	man I miss legit internet cafes all playing CS:GO at a establishment that was clearly a money laundering operation for someone.	Like I just want to study but I also want to drink a beer and not be at home	others
7954	"Do remainers genuinely believe a ""people's vote"" ( Second referendum) would end the matter once and for all, one way or the other?"	Yes. Just about. I think Remain would win by a sufficient margin (approx 55/45 would be my guess) to technically put the issue to bed, but I think resentment amongst leavers would/will linger for years.	I think We're in a never ending, vicious circle.	others
7955	Really don't know who to ask for help, but I don't want to be alone	I might be free Tuesday night!	It's ok, you have a final Wednesday	others
7956	While fireworks seem a long-shot, things worth monitoring w/ this week: 1) Does interest in Cruz turn serious? They're expected to meet w/ his agent. 2) Do they sign a reliever this week? Good bet they eventually sign someone. Sipp, Warren, Herrera among those in mix.	Are the higher caliber relievers like Famila/Kimbrel/ect not on the Twins radar?	Kimbrel isn't. Others like JF would have to come down in price. Hard to see them breaking the bank for a reliever.	others
7957	My only article of clothing now.	this is actually the most perfect thing so why *would* you wear anything else	My closet is just 7 of these! Nothing else matters anymore	others
7958	Here's the tech, because early 2017 nigga was 12 credit hrs + working When you get in the house, eat a thing of purple nerds and drink some water 20 minutes later.......... Boy you going to feel like a crackhead lmao.	I’m gonna try this.	see I'm weird like the only adult that doesn't like coffee nor do i want to spend $3-5 bucks on coffee. so i decided i need something that can give me the same energy.	others
7959	Mubarak ho par aap kaun hain janab?	Shazia imli ka bada bhai? Ek time pe spokie banaya tha isko	Yes, that's who he is.	others
7960	conspiracy	thats not an answer try again	c o n s p i r a c y	others
7961	You’re a fucking good artist. I hate you man	Stop hating on me, lol jk but don’t hate yourself.	Yoo it’s like inescapable, I threw it in the trash yesterday, deleted all the pictures, but then I remember I sent it to you, The image is like Ultron	others
7962	I have a confession to make...I do not know what Fortnite is.	Sadly I cant help you. I do not know as well.	It's okay! Don't worry about it.	others
7963	-- stretching my hole while locked.	Oh men!!! You don't need help???	Yes! I could use a hand...	others
7964	You make me smile!	LET THERE BE PEACE AND QUIET!!	BWA HA HA HA HA! Peace on EARTH, I SAID!	others
7965	To win Lagos state, Jimi agbaje must target the middle class and give them more than enough reasons to show up to vote, then protect their votes...	Protect the votes How pls	Every legal way possible... Stay until it is counted and announced, video proceedings, etc	others
7966	MAGFest is less than a month away. I'm so freakin excited. Who am I going to see there? Looking forward to see new and familiar faces!	i hate videogames	They're absolutely awful I agree	others
7967	Now that I’ve achieved my flat stomach goal(took 4 years so dammit I’m proud), my new fitness goal is to not look like I haven’t worked out in 62 weeks after i eat	Look up probiotics, a lot of bloating can be because of gut health.	Oooooh thank you! I’ve thought about taking them but didn’t really understand what they were for.	others
7968	This Moment Right Here....	on  on fleek	I listen when people talk,thank you	others
7969	One on one sessions? I don't trust this pastor	pastor vatodya chinhu..director apa script ravo rine msoro than ravaiita on Mthunzi saga cs ths one gves us a mo insight on wts happening in reality kupusiswa nemurohwerwo unoitwa stonyeni dzevanhu kadzi by their so called chc leaders	I agree with everything you said	others
7970	I find more comfort in seeing growth rates not whatever the hell that is. Same source btw	I love this graph! What this exemplifies to me is the shift from manufacturing as the primary economic driver to software as the primary economic driver.	Not going to lie my man, but I have no idea what the shit you just said.	others
7971	This is the most out of pocket tweet I’ve seen in months	Lmao shit real life	Nah no cap I got like 2 aunts on each side max some niggas be having like 30 cousins and I can’t relate	others
7972	I see Godzilla is trending for	I fixed it for you.	Thank you. That’s much better. Now if you can just get me a release date on these movies, I’d be grateful...	others
7973	First little chink I’ve seen in Martin Dubravka’s armour since his arrival on Tyneside. Seems to give up on this Jota shot, diving backwards when an attacking block, or even just holding his position would have saved it. One you’d be disappointed with.	Dubravka could be even more disappointed he didn’t close the space while the ball was in flight from so far outside the box... appeared to reposition in line rather than steal space towards the point of arrival. Putting in some outstanding performances	Can’t disagree with you there.	others
7974	YOU GUYS! Does the cube rule settled the sandwich debate?	The cube rule is the product of a troubled mind	Or a genius well ahead of his time	others
7975	Ok Bayonetta can STILL 0 to Death you. What the fuck?!	As can many of the cast if you just...  Learn then	No thing is, I WAS PLAYING BAYONETTA. It wasn't the CPU this time.	others
7976	Great Kojika and Sammy Guevara are either gonna have the best team name or the most boring. there is no middle-ground.	I'm not sure if I would hate it or love it if Guevara just straight up has his YouTube channel in the team name.	i hope Sammy influences Kojika to also vlog	others
7977	Let me get this straight	Nice expose them all	Their names are redacted -$ ledger though	others
7978	Wonderful to see the Ecocycle embodied. Is the invitation, “Place yourself where you see your LS practice at this moment in time: birth, maturity [rigidity trap], creative destruction, gestation [poverty trap]?	they worked with their individual projects & then we invited them to select one item & place themselves in the room where it is in their ecocycle - so it was rather a means to find someone to exchange with - let's save your invitation for the global gathering..	tee hee... and I very much like the idea.	others
7979	Thinks I'm a centrist. Get fucked, sonny.	B-b-but you must be. You criticised Corbyn, when we all know blithely agreeing with whatever he does or doesn’t do is the only measure of left wing credentials	And we know how half of the 'woke' children currently sucking up to Baron Corbo will be voting in a decade, don't we?	others
7980	yes	Would really to see to a proven example and a statistic to back up this claim thank you	boy search it yourself it’s literally as easy as going on google.	others
7981	Went to a Metallica show last night and I can confirm that SESHOLLOWATERBOYS mosh pits are much better	ofc, ppl in their 50s(the majority) have their moshpit days behind them	Nice attempt at a joke	others
7982	Listen...if I had as much money as Jr. has I’d get a boob job He should too. And maybe do something about his 6 chins??	Am I out of the loop? Who is that woman?	She used to be on Fox News, she is Jr’s (who is still married) girlfriend.	others
7983	Hey daughter	ain’t it !	Shitttt I needs me	others
7984	This Netflix movie is beautiful and so so so accurate.... “And I guess that's when I decided being good at something didn't mean you had to do it. Just 'cause something's easy doesn't make it right.”  ― Dumplin'	What movie?	Dumplin. It's really great. Jennifer Aniston, a sweet lead girl, Dolly Parton themed.	others
7985	I am getting a lot of dry/flaky face skin so twitter please suggest good facial moisturizers I can easily and relatively cheaply obtain.	Not super cheap, but I use Celestial by LUSH for my face. I have perpetual dry skin from living in the desert for 18+ years and it definitely helps.	"I would consider this in the ""relatively affordable range"" since I was once using a facial moisturizer I had to order through my electrologist and cost me $80 for a 3 months supply. Thanks!"	others
7986	i think i’m very bad at first impressions like i’m nice and okay but i’m just kind of boring and not memorable? but then after a few weeks of knowing me people realize i would die for them and then people care more	You have bubblegum pink hair how tf do you think “boring” is even a possible first impression you could make	YOU’D THINK however pink hair is my only personality trait	others
7987	SOS Im in full panic mood because I feel like I Aced the fuck out of my cell biology final which stresses me more than relieves me because every time I think I do great I don’t lmao	Bet you did amazing love!	Hopefully	others
7988	I have made enough progress on my master's research that my supervisors have said I should be able to finish next term.	Wooooo! Congrats! And also, good luck!	Thank you! I still have a ton of work to go, but the end is in sight.	others
7989	Nog Ops gives me powers...	Reee fake og dont talk to me	I got candy axe and mako	others
7990	HOLY CRAP!! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL	this means so much honestly thank u	Anytime! I’m only speaking the truth	others
7991	It’s 7 PM here, bud.	My b	So there’s no such thing as a. Care to engage?	others
7992	Opposition getting cocky when playing Liverpool? Looks familiar	Silly and disrespectful.	Just is... Hate people who talk shit about Anfield. This stadium on a European night is something special.	others
7993	Daming panahon	Mine	yi3 love u!	others
7994	I get that Hope is concerned, but she is obsessing and using it to get attention. I can't help but think what I ever saw in Hope. }	Hope has always been needy, but New Hope seems even worse than the old one.	I can't believe I ever liked her. She's ranting on an on about things that have been done and discussed. I think pity parties are all that is keeping Liam in her corner. }	others
7995	Actually I know why the sonic model is so off putting its because they tried to give it human muscle definition with that head	IT LOOKS SO BAD	maybe it's the lighting........please god let it be the lighting..........................	others
7996	this was so much fun. I hope	Good news: We are! And with 72 teams!	yessssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait!!!!!	others
7997	Why has there been so much rude comments on Christy’s last few lives??	I wish it was possible for Christy to choose moderators for the chat, so those people can delete comments. Too bad Instagram doesn’t have that feature	Yeah that would be such a good thing to do	others
7998	Sitting alone in my car and having lunch	mood, ken. big mood	I’m livin the dream man	others
7999	LUDZIE JEŻDŻĄCY ZTM  Co byście zmienili w komunikacji? Konkrety konkrety  Chcę się przygotować na to	autobus targówek - wilanów	Yass	others
8000	Excited na Natatakot Maglakad Mag-isa sa Madilim na Daan:< Laterrr-,-	God is with you	Noted Napo.	others
8001	I hurt yo feelings or something? Awwww	I know why you mad your mother was broke and couldn’t do shit for you. Pray and maybe better days will come	Yo “get some cold cuts get some cold cuts” built ass	others
8002	The future	The future benchwarmer	sanchez can’t even make the bench	others
8003	My weekend soundtrack.	Ask Hannah about when she met him	Omg JEALOUS. Why has she not bragged about this sooner????? I’d talk about it every day	others
8004	With my son about to be born in a month Ima say this if that was my son.... EVERYBODY in that daycare is getting the hands and maybe die that’s on GOD	As an educator, this is unacceptable! What the hell were doing, having the cats watch him? Bro, that happens to your son; my godson, to hell with educator integrity, that whole school staff will feel my wrath!	That is a big fact	others
8005	Great men are forged in fire. It is the privilege of lesser men to light the flame... ...is a better line than ANY in s11	There were no memorable lines on series 11. JW spent the whole series explaining what was happening on screen to the viewers.	That's because Nubian Diversiteers are all entitled fucktard googlenauts who prefer to be spoonfed shite. This is why they watch PROPER Doctor Who at 1.5 and slag off Carole Ann Ford and laugh at Lis Sladen being dead.	others
8006	Go se jole neh...tla tima phone for 5 hours, when you switch it on dololo messages	Eish ebile re tlwaetse	Lol ke consider’a relationship le ngwanyana wako North as long distance	others
8007	Would be nice National Day gesture for Qatar to stop blocking WhatsApp, Skype, and other VOIP services	My WhatsApp calling works again now	With VPN off? Lucky	others
8008	Followed you Sassyplease follow back MAGA	Thank you for the follow!! PS my name is Janet too!!!	Cool name isn’t it	others
8009	Just a really complete game from the Browns. Didn't dominate the ball (69 Carolina plays to 45 plays for the Browns) or TOP, but efficient and tough near the EZ for the defense. A nice formula. These last 5 weeks have been fun for the first time since 2014.	For the part it’s been against struggling defenses with the exception of the Texans. Denver not a great team but against that defense in Denver a big test for the offense.	I get that, to an extent. But they're doing what they're supposed to and that deserves being commended.	others
8010	Ok	thank you coach joe!	You know it’s all love.	others
8011	Primeira vez que tentei fazer algo com spray, acho que valeu a tentativa	i love you	Love u	others
8012	i bet i don’t	at least, that’s how crazy bitch is tellin’ it.	Well they aren’t lableled crazy bitches for nothing	others
8013	I said what I said.	Don’t need that toxicity projected on me lls	Lmfao I hear you loud and clear wit that one.	others
8014	Anyone trying to play fortnite with me after my final?	Why do you have 2 twitters	One for stream spam. You didn’t answer the question though, wanna play?	others
8015	Okay, so, What happened was that I swear that	Tbh, looks better. The font and name is much better. Lol	That's not the point of this though. The point of it is to show that he was copying Ayzria's merch, and continued to harass me in DMs.	others
8016	Am I the only one thats not sure if people are joking or not when they have proclaimed that Bobby Brown is the King of R&B today?	I wouldn’t be joking. He is my original R&B king	word... am I trippin, or was there a collective laugh when Whitney proclaimed that Bobby was the Kang?!?!	others
8017	Now this is something I am so up for and not about to miss. His last live shows happened when I was still in school, so I never got the chance to see them. IMHO, one of the most gifted (and original) guitarists this country has ever produced	Saw him Bham Odeon maybe 79/80, (bit hazy!) not going to miss this either.	Unfortunately, despite my being officially old, I was born a few years too late to be fortunate enough to have already seen him live	others
8018	Kitchen window transmogrifying into mini-greenhouse. * Had to get one more pitcher to make half a flat. Then tillies jumped on the cart. That’s my story.	Nice!	Nuts!	others
8019	We aim to be the first magazine in the world to be solely related to Crowd Safety Management. To sign up for your free printed copy in the UK or digital copy world-wide, please register on our website.	Hi cant sign up to the mag as its just a list of ads	Hi Tony, can you post a screen shot please as there are no adverts on the site.	others
8020	[Saturday morning, I wake up holding you. kisses your head and quietly slips out of bed, walks into the kitchen to make us breakfast before we go to where I have planned]	[wakes up after a while to smells of breakfast, I slip out of bed & waddle out to the kitchen] Well good morning handsome what’s all this?	[smiles seeing you] hello to you too, gorgeous...this is just a little something I threw together for us	others
8021	When someone helps you and they’re struggling too, that’s not help, that’s love.	most people don’t know that though & take it for granted	Yeah that’s true tbh	others
8022	OSTRAS, EARTHBEBDERS EN DOCTOR WHO	Mentira, ¡son jedis!	SON EARTHBENDERS	others
8023	Jacquees and Chris brown? really? lol do ya'll even listen to RnB outside of twitter???	Jaquess will never be the king of rnb. But chris brown is a good candidate tho	Chris a legend no doubt bruh, but I can't say he's anywhere near the best RnB artist rn	others
8024	Well Michael Jackson is the King of Pop, Rock & Soul so	he's also....... hey Quinny.	Please don’t get blocked	others
8025	dear min yoongi (or should i call you suga)  that shit hurted like a bitch	WHAT WHAT HAVE I MISSED	ITS A FIC DJSNSJJS i just read it last night and i cried :(((	others
8026	I’m telling you TO THIS DAY i still get the chills watching Johnny manziel’s college highlight reel	The Alabama game was insane...	I’m so HIP bro dude was dirty back then	others
8027	I’ll be balling at a juco this upcoming spring...stay on the look out	Come to FAM	Okay when	others
8028	Huh. The President of the United States doesn't know how to spell the word smoking. What a truly interesting timeline we have found ourselves in.	I’m pretty sure he meant a gun that goes around putting people in smocks...you know, so they don’t get dirty while painting. V thoughtful.	That's true, really he's just being considerate. Of the guns.	others
8029	i swear i hear a toontown sound affect when naughty boy starts	this is so late but i have been hearing it for months and had to search twt to see if anyone else was hearing it too or if i had gone crazy	ITS THE SOUND ISNT IT ITS THE EXACT SOUND AND I PLAYED IT FOR MY FRIENDS AND NO ONE GETS IT	others
8030	Shes so pretty	IM JEALOUS. WHERE CAN I BUY	Where do u live	others
8031	pronouncing... i... anyways, i told you to mind your business because you haven’t had the same interactions i’ve had with him. either way he’s disrespected me and my friends so he’s blocked. mind your damn business and don’t call me bitch.	the white gays always have some dumb shit to say.	tea. i’m over it	others
8032	I swear this guy is using a monster truck for a lawnmower	Omfg I thought it was gonna plow through the window. I just accepted it	I should never wake up with a headache that big lmao	others
8033	All rotating popcorn enemies from Dodonpachi (CAVE 1998) These sprite rotation are relatively wonky when scrutinised closely, but are perfectly fine when seen in game or when observed casually. The top 3 are helicopters, which are shown here without rotors.	it would be so cool to be able to procedurally generate sprite art like this. I made a start but it doesn't do all these angles	What do you use as a source to generate from?	others
8034	Trans women are women. Xxxx	People are people. That's all I need to know. Labels are divisive, we're all just people	Cool, trans women are still women xxx Have a nice day	others
8035	いいタグがあった	big love…	YES…LOVE…	others
8036	They claim he’s one of the best players in the league...	Lad, you’re 17 - you must have better things to be doing with your time	I like the reactions of your fans	others
8037	As of January 1, BIG changes are in store for distracted drivers. Why?  One person is injured in a distracted-driving collision every half hour. And in Ontario, deaths from collisions caused by distracted driving have doubled since 2000. Details:	This is so necessary. Thank you. What about animals in the driver's lap/seat area? Does this not cause distracted driving?	It sure does. Having a pet on your lap while operating a motor vehicle is a distraction. It limits your ability to control your car properly. ^jh	others
8038	Woman I work with used to jump on my back if she was walking behind me in the street. 5 years and a marriage later, she won't even look me in the face when she says hello.	Wut. That's weird.	Yes indeed.	others
8039	imagine having a crush on someone from twitter dot com... couldn’t be m	remember your tweet	i don’t!	others
8040	Great meeting this morning with Premier Ford	Will you provide a summary of what was discussed at the meeting?	Yes, I’ve already done two media interviews about it.	others
8041	Pep Sarri Poch Klopp	Unreal Salty agenda.	Just don't like that Pashun Merchant	others
8042	IM CRYRISNH RANDI HAS A CFJRIFJI CHRIS SPRATTT LAYOUT IM SCRWMAISNGN	but it’s his character ???? WHEN would you ever see me with a fucking crisp rat layout dumb bitch	OK DAMN I JUST WANTED TO LAUGH LEAVE ME ALONE	others
8043	While fireworks seem a long-shot, things worth monitoring w/ this week: 1) Does interest in Cruz turn serious? They're expected to meet w/ his agent. 2) Do they sign a reliever this week? Good bet they eventually sign someone. Sipp, Warren, Herrera among those in mix.	I not like 2 gms that do nothing I wish they get fired soon	Did you miss the Schoop and Cron additions?	others
8044	I crave sushi ever second of every day	Let’s go tomorrow and u pay for me since I paid for u last time deal deal	I’m here rn :(	others
8045	eu AMO!	Meu hino	did you like when i put my lips there?	others
8046	tom this is why labour	() said that earlier Frank it makes a lot of sense when you sit back and look at it. More than half of Tory party don’t support her I am now hoping her ToryMP’s put the letters in	if they had balls they would av done it after the election , now its a matter of time .	others
8047	O melhor memento da dua vida até hoje? — memento XD	MEMEnto	MEME	others
8048	Mijn straat geeft altijd wel iets van entertainment, soms zijn er interventies, soms rijden er auto's recht in op andere auto's en soms ontploffen die gewoon	wablief hahaha	Deurne living up to it's stereotype aye	others
8049	TGT was a funny group, because they actually had bangers, but you knew those 3 weren’t about to work together for long.. lol	Right! That one (&only) album had some flames	Pure heat. But I knew when they was posting IG videos of them having competitions in the weight room that they were gonna fall out.. lol	others
8050	Taegi want us to get soft over their pimples, and oh, do we happily oblige.  (	pleasee, they’re the cutest :(	I didn’t realize how many times Tae has said this about his blemishes. He really treats them like buddies. I’m glad he has a pet now hahahahaha	others
8051	También he escuchado hoy el disco de Janelle Monae y no me ha gustado nada. Igual a las chicas pop de mi TL les mola.	A mi me mola	Too much pop para mi	others
8052	frank’s cover of losing my religion is so fucking good his voice sounds so beautiful FUCK	How do I find this	okay i just added it to the replies as a thread	others
8053	Why follow someone you don’t like? I...don’t understand.	sometimes a good laugh is all you need to start your day.	That’s kinda messed up.	others
8054	have you seen this	HAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAH WEH COMELNYA SUNBAENIIIIM	DIA MEMANG COMEL WEH :( HE LOOKS COLD AND LOOKS LIKE HE IS READY TO KILL SOMEONE padahal he is like a baby :( fatin i love him...	others
8055	I hurt yo feelings or something? Awwww	I know why you mad your mother was broke and couldn’t do shit for you. Pray and maybe better days will come	You built like a Rollie pollie Ollie left over character	others
8056	Missing woman in COLORADO:  Kelsey Berreth is missing from Woodland Park, CO She is 5’3” and 110 lbs. She’s a mother to a baby daughter who needs her back! The last time Kelsey Berreth was seen she was wearing a white shirt, grey sweater and blue pants on thanksgiving PLEASE RT	She's also a flight instructor. She taught one of my friends. She might be in Idaho. Her phone pinged there last week.	Verrrry interesting. It seems like a lot of people think she just left??	others
8057	call me cynical but doesn't saying you love everyone you have ever spoken to online kinda devalue it or mean you have extremely low standards	extremely low standards	I know the real reason but dw imma keep it a secret :)	others
8058	I’m stalling again... help. How do we write?	You start. You put the pen down. Write the word. Type it. Say what you want to say. Say something. Go ahead. Fill the blank page. Write. Write.	If I want to write, why should I put the pen down	others
8059	Does Cambodia even have a postal service??? Grrrrrrrrrrr.	Of course it does!	Well I sent a parcel mid November and it hasn't arrived yet!	others
8060	My temporary new car, cause some fucker crashed into me	That’s a nice car ooh	Yeah it's pretty nice tbh	others
8061	I grew up on TV:  Grange Hill Hong Kong Phooey Scooby Do Why Don’t You... Little House on the Prairie  Take Hart Wacky Races The Magic Roundabout Mr Ben Top Cat The Wombles Heidi Blue Peter Fingermouse  Jackanory Play school Rentaghost Willo the Wisp Worzel Gummidge The Clangers	Rhubarb & Custard Bagpuss Trumpton	I was always slightly disturbed by the soundtrack and animation style of Roobarb. Bagpuss also disturbed me - a pervading aura of death. Trumpton was just bonkers.	others
8062	Thank you Amari Cooper for keeping my fantasy football playoffs alive.	Dude went off.	Almost got me 60 points this week.	others
8063	I saw Mr. Big from Sex & the City today at the grocery store and I will never be the same	Oh my goodness!	I KNOWWW	others
8064	i wanna have a late night deep talk w namjoon pls. with cheap beers under the night sky	Same. :'(	i think it would be so comforting talking w him im sad	others
8065	Head’s in a spin with the Brexit shenanigans	I went out for a couple of hours & when I returned...	Ditto. It’s chaos	others
8066	Lol you GEM  Joker	Its only 3/4 days away so why not?	ECM this evening had a even better chart	others
8067	Remember when Joon ain’t close the door all the way so mosquitos came in and bit Tae and Joon said  “im sorry baby”	you really want us to go thru it huh	YEAH!	others
8068	i have an actual layout with a header and everything?? this is truly Wild	who dis	we don’t know her	others
8069	i couldn’t remember what to call a UTI so i called it a pee disease. lmk	Why r we the same person	idk but i like it	others
8070	A person who posts pictures online all the time when they don't post are they repeating an outfit?	yep lol	Lmao I don't like inconsistent people	others
8071	Walk into my apartment with a quart of chocolate milk in my hand and	Bc you’re drinking the chocolate milk to wash down a jar of olives don’t leave out half the story	I downed the whole thing in the 13 minutes it takes to get from Walmart to the trapartment.	others
8072	"If you, as a female rider, are uncomfortable getting into the car with a male driver by yourself, why would you still keep the ride, allow me to drive you to your location, then give me a 1-Star rating and report me for making you ""uncomfortable""? I'm completely confused."	Can you give riders ratings?	I have to rate the rider directly after the ride ends.	others
8073	i’m so grateful for my job young	Where do you work	macy’s security. sweetest job ever lol	others
8074	I can't even really put John Legend up there I don't really consider him an R&B artist	What is he then	idk when I of think of him, I think more of soul, pop and a touch of jazz.	others
8075	People keep harping on the botched tie against the Texans, which is low-hanging fruit. The bigger issue for the are inexcusable road losses to the Jets and Jaguars.	don't agree with you George	That’s fine. It gets boring otherwise.	others
8076	RT	We appreciate you for sharing this great tip for collaboration!	Well, I'm cant wait for Powerapps to reach InfoPath parity	others
8077	TalkSport lesson of the day:  If you say lazy you mean black.	Kamil Grosicki is lazy	Racist!	others
8078	Shit finals I come home Wednesday night	You should really jus stay up there	Can’t do that	others
8079	Just had to get the Sherpa out today for a blast...Not many sunny days left.	What a beauty Gordon. A credit to you. When does this baby hail from...I'm guessing '75-'76ish?	Cheers Stephen,,its a 74 Sherpa 250..Had it a couple of years now,just love the brand.Always wanted one as a teenager in the 70s..Martin Lampkin was one of my Heroes back then.”Built to Go”was their logo.	others
8080	Has anyone tried Rain mobile?	Yes its amazing	I'm using it. It's Great!	others
8081	They really are.	*looks at your pinned tweet*	I’m a turtleneck representative at this point lmaoo.	others
8082	Probs at the lowest I’ve ever been n I cba for anything anymore	Give me a snap if u need anything girly! Xx	Aw thank you Hun, I will do xx	others
8083	hi new mutuals!!! my name is jae and im from ph! may i know what's ur name and where you from?	cam from the us	i know u alr	others
8084	I saw Mr. Big from Sex & the City today at the grocery store and I will never be the same	Omg. Shut up. I hope you did this!	Omg I SHOULD HAVE	others
8085	UCL Laporte is a bit of a disappointment, was hoping for something a bit better tbh. Shouldn’t complain as it is content after all. Anyone actually planning on completing him ? Don’t even get any packs	If Kante is in TOTW, it's probably a go for me as I could use him, Kante, UEL Alonso, and POTM Hazard on the left side of a hybrid. He's the only usable French PL CB,	I’ve got untradeable UCL Alonso & UCL Ederson , he would be perfect for me. But I’m just not feeling it	others
8086	my name is linsey, i'm 16, bisexual, and a shitty writer. how about you, bitches?	my name is jay, i’m 16, bisexual, genderqueer, and just an overall dumb bitch	wow, hi, let's be bffs	others
8087	yo what is UP with khiphop/kr&b artists ONLY going to europe djdkdk like nigga what?? a whole ass america exists	this how we feel about kpop artists airing europe and heading straight to america dkdkdj	yeah i bet but then again , a lot of k-idols come here and only acknowledge about 3 states so a lot of people still don’t get a chance to see their favs but yeah ik what u mean	others
8088	I had a baby 3 days ago..	My mom is so hot	Shit tell your friends dad's to hmu	others
8089	My fav place in this world	We need a trip there walahi	I knowww!!	others
8090	are your systems up and running in the stores yet?	Hey Lee, what is this regarding? I'd be more than happy to take a further look into this :) -Olivia	The shop said all their systems were down across the country and couldn’t use their computers. Been back and problem now sorted.	others
8091	Presentation out the way, semester one completed it mate	Urm.... You seem to forget about the blogs I have in store for you...	I have since been corrected	others
8092	Breaking: Britain has a defence strategy.	Not sure if you do, but if I may be so bold as to recommend an account to follow. She's a genius & her threads are unparalleled in demonstration & narration of her area of expertise:	She's been added to my list. Thanks.	others
8093	I think killing is worse	Depends on how you kill someone. This can be worse for the victims	Pretty sure living is better than being dead regardless of how you die.	others
8094	I done tried whole milk...2%...and 1% and all that shit be having Malachi backed up like traffic on 295 during rush hour and im SICK OF IT	flaxseed milk with protein. they be having it at yes!, whole foods, etc	Ok thanksss!!! Ill have to check it out did u use it on your child?	others
8095	So who missed me? Did y'all even notice .	SIS WHERE HAS YOU BEEN I-	You were liking my problematic drags too.. I see you.	others
8096	One of the things I've added to my planner are milestones for TYSI. So far I have: -First 1* Review -First Gushing Tweet -First Bookstagram Trying to think of more things that I would have thought were really cool 6 months ago.	First gushing review?	I'd have to add from a stranger because my friends are too sweet.	others
8097	One thing I definitely wanna do over this break is give making macarons an honest try. They're notoriously difficult pastries but I constantly crave em >:o	they are also ridiculously expensive so if you manage to make a big batch of them, I congratulate you	I feel like they're the type of thing that takes all day to make & by the end of it you have a solid 3 cookies	others
8098	Back from my nap	Hope you slept well	I did :D	others
8099	Just another day of ho-hum by people we rely on to keep our country democratic.	Yep. My family was one of those left off. And they've lived in the same place for 20+ years and voted in every election.	That sucks. How did this happen I wonder.	others
8100	I'm never selling on again. Utter garbage.	We definitely don't want to lose a seller and would be happy to help any way we can! If there's anything you need help with, please let us know so we can take a look! ~Ashley	You can make sure I get my final value fees back from you and PayPal because I voluntarily refunded a buyer. He opened a case just to ensure he made it under the 30 day deadline. But we resolved it ourselves. Charge me $250 when I made $0? Not a chance.	others
8101	People eating lunch next to me are talking about investing in “robotics.” These are the kinds of hot stock tips you can only get in New York baby!!	They’re right, haha	But which robotics are right for me?!	others
8102	My reaction when someone try’s to record me drunk..	This video never gets old	Brilliant isn’t it	others
8103	Is there a good term for something in a book that you don't feel like you actually have to read -- like, say, a long list of brand names? You get the point at a glance, without processing every word .... gestural text?	Nonsemantic text?	I like that but it does have a semantics, just a different kind than usual?	others
8104	This wasn’t even 5 years ago…	A whole lotta niggas was not up here in 2013-14...so my point still stands	Yeah those were the better days lol	others
8105	The only thing I can go all out for, sacrifice to have without thinking twice is Plaintain.	You deserve all these	Lmaooo you don't have fanta please?.	others
8106	Happy Tuesday Fam  Be patient and have faith.	Beautiful	Says u bb	others
8107	I guess as you walk alone you get to learn a whole lot about yourself.	Yes & That's the Best thing one could do	I totally agree!!	others
8108	Bro ain’t no one fucking with the GOAT	Only dudes who locked up shaq were the Admiral, big Sabonis and Hakeem	Z gave that nigga problems	others
8109	How do i check someone's Whatsapp status without them knowing??? Please who can help my life....	Download GB whatsapp	I just don't like it sha	others
8110	Anyone else having a hard time focusing on their “real writing”? I keep getting kidnapped by	Love this and yes!	What takes you back? You have a lot to reflect back on ...	others
8111	seven people in my group for a group project for econ and only me and this other girl are working on it and the rest of the people in my group are theater members being dramatic and talking about the musical	so tell the teacher we	what he gonna do everyone else is already in a group	others
8112	EXHAUSTED but SO grateful for another amazing	Thanks so much for joining us! See you in Atlantic City?	Wouldn’t miss it!!!	others
8113	My birthday is a few days away and I’ve never been less excited than I am	When is it?	It’s this Sunday	others
8114	According to new survey data from Pew Research, adults in the U.S. got their news from social media more often than print newspapers in 2018. Last year, the two were nearly tied; the year prior, newspapers had a slight edge.	Considering the state of today’s newspapers it might not be such a bad thing	Considering the state of social media censorship, it’s all bad	others
8115	I didn’t get my stuff until last week	This is WILD	Customer service had to send me an email to let me know my stuff is still coming. I had a whole attitude.	others
8116	I did it!!! I finished the semester with amazing grades!	Hell yeah baby	It’s party time hehe	others
8117	Welp I'm done	At least they’re courteous enough to get that right out there	Oh, their profile was VERY up front vis a vis armpits	others
8118	I honestly don’t know what’s worse, Simmseys comment, or the amount of people that are actually defending it.	What's he said now?	You haven’t heard?!	others
8119	Looks like DLC 1 tomorrow, kinda a rip I didn’t do the EE’s whoops.	Who said dlc1 was coming out tomorrow	Well tonight at 11 for me. It’s downloadable right now on PS Store in New Zealand, people are playing it right now.	others
8120	If you can’t love me when I act like this, you deserve me when I look like my pinned tweet	Lmao your accent Hahahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahahaha	Providing quality entertainment just for you	others
8121	You Attack My Brother Now And An Entire Army Rises Out Of The Ocean.	Hey mate what story arc is this	Throne of Atlantis Aquaman vol 3	others
8122	i can only assign ppl diamond is unbreakable kins and thats it	Pls... who am i	i always think of rohan for u	others
8123	Wish Dom would take me to New York	i think he should take you too	Tell him x	others
8124	how can people find a mutual who message them everyday, gives updates about their life everyday, skype/facetime them everyday because it sucks to be alone	you just gotta slide in my dms	aaaahhhh i will andhshsushs	others
8125	Girl put me on lol	Girl I was hacked this is not real something is posting on my behalf. Don’t sign up for it it’s probably a virus	Oh shit shut that down so they don’t get your card stuff	others
8126	Wee Martins 1st Birthday, spent his day eating carrots n annoying Rèmy x x x	The fact he’s called Martin makes me laugh so much, such a human name	Better company than maste humans ina FACT x	others
8127	All of the ads on my twitter feed have been for matchmaking sites. ..... is it because of the porn I like? Cause lord knows I dont look up dating sites. :/	Stop being horny 24/7	But i dont even need to be horny to appreciate well drawn porn lol	others
8128	Is it that we wouldn't accept the love making R&B that the 90s produced anymore? Or artists these days aren't trying to make 4-man R&B groups?	I don’t believe so, everyone wants to listen to trap beats with heavys 808s, multiple snare rolls, and heavy autotuneee	True,, but I mean we been flooded with with for what feels like 4-5 years... But still listen to 90s R8B.  Trey Songz / Jeremiah and them not the same vibe. The music behind the old music is classic, because its simple imo.	others
8129	Slash the playing budget to £10000. Crikey what is it now...	Nearer triple that!	That’s my yearly nhs wage	others
8130	Sad. You have to be their ‘friend ‘. Shout bossu when you see them .	I get that bro, but sometimes when someone does something extra we all need to pull through for him.	I think Ghanaians are whoever’s fan before being music lovers ! Will a shatta fan support something good from another artist like they do shatta ? Will a bhim native support another’s art like they do stone? .....	others
8131	"Why am I so bad at making friends in person but kill it online? RL: ""Hey.. I like your.. odd mole on your neck."" *Facepalm* Online: *SLAYS IT ON OVERWATCH* ""Praise Clutchy, let's all be friends with him."" *Bow* Either way, I need friends.. *reaches out hand*  Hi, I'm Clutchy."	Hi I'm Kael nice shades bro.	Hell yea thank you<3	others
8132	Leanna is a bitch & a bully! She's nasty	Yep. And all the people supporting her are weak as dishwater. Pretty much like real life, I'd say. Sadly.	They're not supporting her anymore tho. Even Emilia has told the truth! Daz is a coward. It'll be interesting to see if he ever 'fesses'!	others
8133	We're at the head office of the Negona Legal Consultancy & Public Governance Institute LLC..  It's Monday morning, December 10, 2018 and it's still snowing...  But we're not looking back... We keep on working!!	Udenge acquitted your take Mr?	Let the courts do their work efficiently and without any undue influence and/or pressure from any quarter. If there was no solid evidence to nail him criminally, it's only good and proper that he was acquitted.	others
8134	saaay I might get a lil bottle tomorrow. U trynna do	Alright ! Lol i been preparing myself for the melt down in 2 weeks	Yeah we gone have too cause we gone be somewhere else that day	others
8135	OMFG WHO SENT THIS?  BLESS YOU AND LET ME THANK YOU IN PERSON!	Merry Christmas	YOU THANK U SO MUCH	others
8136	just a general appreciation/tribute post to C. O’Hara’s Home Alone 2 haircut, which has cured my Sunday Scaries.	eclipsed only by her ‘waiting for guffman’ haircut	oh wow ya	others
8137	If Belt was traded, would it be a revolving door of Posey, Pablo, Garcia at first?	Wil Myers?!	If they'll take a bad contract from us	others
8138	Where can you find people who give a fuck about you	Right here baby dolllllllll	I miss you:(	others
8139	Amazing predictions here by ! 100% go and RT this, as this is gonna be an absolute insane TOTW! My question, is who do you want in your teams? Honestly, I’m going with Kimmich and Cancelo!	Hope for a amazing totw as i finnished elite för the first time this week	GG dude! Yeah, it’s looking to be the best TOTW so far	others
8140	I need to go to a chiropractor but they scare me	watching videos of it makes me sick absolutely terrifying, would rather be in pain than have my whole body snapped like a fucking glow stick	FOR REAL I’m so scared they’ll kill me	others
8141	When will doyoung ever give me peace?	he must know what that is!!	He better not, if he does knowing it ... this is bad for my sanity	others
8142	Upgraded my iPhone and told employee I didn’t need help working it, but there’s no home button anymore and I don’t know how to live. Is this men refusing to ask for directions in the digital age?	Glad to see you could still figure out the Twitter machine.	Obvi, I’m not a cave person.	others
8143	People who only know the american version of LOL (the movie) scare me like the french version is so so good do you know how many times I've seen this movie I watched it at least once a day for at least 3 months after I first watched it AND IT NEVER GOT OLD	CHRISTA THERET DESERVED BETTER	I KNOW RIGHT ALL THE ACTORS WERE SO GOOD	others
8144	One of the best don’t @ me	can you do the rap still?	Yes ma’am I can!!	others
8145	I Swear when this nigga don’t answer his phone i start thinking a lot of shit	Don’t do it lol	Lol I be trying man	others
8146	Got manflu. Please donate to my just-giving page. Need a couple of ipads for the grandkids at xmas. God bless you.	Sending 2 original iPad's preloaded with the latest games mate. Stay strong.	I'll video their smiling faces, when they open them on xmas day. With my new £700 Go-pro. God bless you.	others
8147	Do you think KH3 will meet your expectations?	Idk hopefully I still gotta play the first 2	You could still binge them if you start playing them this week or something	others
8148	OMG DID I NOT TELL YOU!!!!!!	You did. You did!!!! Now can you perform miracles and reunite Lirry??!?!?!?!	I'm putting my entire mind to it	others
8149	So us right now...	Seriously need to be back on set like tomorrow or Tuesday at the very latest. Make it happen.	Doing our best but Tuesday is pushing it.	others
8150	Sis what are you doing ?	What if he tosses me in his trunk	At least you’ll have that check	others
8151	"the replies to the ""steph curry doesn't believe we went to the moon"" news are absolutely wild"	HOW MANY GENERATIONS AGO	i remember the seoul olympics getting preempted to show whitney houston dancing on the moon, which is another planet	others
8152	Bet ya can’t guess where I am	Prison?	Omg you got it first time erh no	others
8153	"Oh my God, my little niece randomly walked up to me and told me that I'm getting married to Loki lmao. I said, ""How do you know?"" and she said, ""Because I know everything."" I mean, I'm ok with this."	I like your Niece.. that is so sweet	It warmed my heart!	others
8154	Ya saquen las posadas!!	El ponche con Brandy y cardamomo	Y un Champagne my love, nomas por celebrar!	others
8155	Would it be weird to message a kid I went to school with to ask for his moms cookie recipe? Cuz those cookies still make my mouth water thinking of them to this day	LETS DO IT	I’m just going to spend my life trying to recreate them	others
8156	they didn’t all come from two people Aphrodite wasn’t rheas daughter and bore children from Zeus, Ares, Poseidon, Hermes, and Dionysus and that’s just the major gods	All of the Olympian’s were related to Uranus and Gaia, which is why I said they came from two people, they were the beginning of the olympians	you didn’t make that very clear, your words imply that they all came from Zeus and Hera, you didn’t even mention the titans until right now.	others
8157	Can’t wait to read this new book by my good colleague, lab neighbor and	What!! I thought it wasn't available until January (per Amazon)!	There are more than a few perks to being lab neighbors with Jay Storz!	others
8158	YouTube isn't for the people anymore... It's a broadcasting network within its own right and if you're not established then you're not welcome! Who else feels this way?	My channel is down to its last 4-5 days of monetization	I hate the new rules. It’s so demotivating.	others
8159	Pray for my elo boyz	The one day i go to school smh	Lmao we can squad when u get home lol	others
8160	Uuhhh yeah, Jenna Marbles doesnt approve... Lil whore corny denna muhfucka	Cringe	YES. Felt some kinda way, when I was watching the vid	others
8161	P, ja te disse q tamos casados, p	quero o divorcio	No u don’t	others
8162	you're making ups look good	I feel bad for you.	i feel bad for myself not reserving ultimate when i had the chance. oh well, canada post backlogs it is.	others
8163	Well he ain’t my nigga to be all in his business so I honestly don’t know nor do I care cause... he ain’t my nigga lmfaoooooooooo.	I mean u have all the answers and rebuttals when it comes to the abortion clinic regular so i thought maybe u would know	I mind my business so much I didn’t even know she was a regular... that’s tea. Thanks for catching me up, BARB.	others
8164	And here's a render of the 3D in action. I'm absolutely chuffed to bits how this is turning out. Needs some tweaks here and there but I'm liking it.  # indiedev	That looks really great. Recalls Dariusz Wolski's cinematography on Prometheus. Well done!	Cheers! That'll explain why I couldn't get Alien out of my head when I was doing it.	others
8165	Another epic fail by ?	We do not have the movie scheduled for Catch Up as yet, however, you can record the remaining time of the movie and the decoder will record the full movie once available.	The biggest deterrent to canceling my contract is having to call their call centre, which is hands down the most inefficient and incompetent that I've experienced, including any in the public sector. They tell me they can't provide me with an invoice for my monthly subs?	others
8166	My Maisy is going in to be spayed tomorrow. Has to be done but I’ll feel awful dropping her off :(	Awww good luck, it's a worrying time, i hope she's ok for you xx	I know :( thanks :)	others
8167	anyone looking for a Gothic team JUST for TRD to get Billie Kay? 2 members needed, accepting low tiers. I don't play Supercard anymore so don't expect much from me *As this team is new, 6-0 in tbg, don't be surprised if some don't get as many shards*	I need Billie cause I only have one good female and rest Titan pros. I'm ss18+	Ok I'll dm you. Let's get that single Goliath replaced!	others
8168	Bro I for real seen this in real life walking out of tutoring at Luna, but the kid did not get up & it was way uglier accidental	This shit happened to me when I was 14. I woke up to a blanket over my head.	The kid was like 3 or 4 that I saw dude, he rolled out under the car & the other car was going like 50	others
8169	I have been pricing out a new camera. Debating on whether or not to jump to 4k, but I think I can get away with a 1080p full frame.	4K isn’t practical yet. The file sizes are absurdly big. I’d say don’t bother until other technology catches up.	Plus I would imagine rendering would be a pain on my current set up.	others
8170	friends is the best tv show	not*	omg how dare u	others
8171	I will be in my mid twenties when season 3 comes out that’s wild	I remember when the news broke we would be getting the series and now we are at the end of a journey. A bit weird feeling.	ISN’T IT?!	others
8172	Raisin. Roslyn. Roseanne. Russian. Roshine. Rosin. I answer to many names In all seriousness, let’s try to call each other by the right name!	Raisin??? Really? That’s ridiculous!	I am dry and wrinkly	others
8173	DANIEL FOX, keyboardist for  ______ More on	He’s not in the band or the drum tech. Heard he was fired. I’m trying to get the job as the drum tech but no one responds. Can you help me?	He played the very first dates of the tour as a keyboardist, Moscow 31 Jul 2017 was his last show. And then became a crew member. But he played 1 show again in Zurich 2017 cause Bates couldn't perform on that day. I was at that show! Can't help, sorry.	others
8174	"I got Buster Bros! on ""What Hypnosis Mic Division Do You Belong To?"" i am a bro"	I got matenrou thank god	hmmmmmm. i can see it	others
8175	Ariana and 5sos are so inactive... I’m bored	I- I’m here f@t. DELETE	I breathed	others
8176	Have a good day everyone!	Excellent drawing of Kirby! I hope you have a great day!!!	Thank you! Have a great day too!	others
8177	Berbatov was a baller	Lazy bastard though	His touch was the bollox	others
8178	All the books I’ve read this year, and I still can’t even come up with the proper words to describe what it is I really want.	Did you read the power of now?	No I haven’t, who is the author? And what is the book about?	others
8179	Do I treat myself for Christmas? could really do with a new phone	Might as well get XS?	I honestly have no idea the differences tbh lmao	others
8180	Whats wrong with her omg	She is obsessed with being a more relevant rapper cuz many rappers are rapists nowadays .. she is sick	She's probably having a meltdown or sumn	others
8181	chiara calling herself ugly is actually outrageous	DONT GO THAT FAR	I said what I said	others
8182	Omg he is so sweet! I love that	"Haha... ""Yes... I am a real person. I have legs, i can walk.. i can breath"""	I love a funny man :)	others
8183	Frankie & Jordan are two of the cutest humans on the planet I swear	Literally Everytime I’ve watch Jordan on Jr’s you’d see me have the BIGGEST SMILE EVER, man I love him	RIGHT?! You can tell he's so happy to be there & is amazing with the kids! I love him!!	others
8184	Absolutely disgusted with this country at the moment and ashamed to call myself British, mark my words if brexit is overturned by stamping of feet by those who lost the vote, their will be big trouble ahead for the UK, what the hell is wrong with this country!	It’s ok. If we stay in the EU you can call yourself French and no one will mind.	Couldn't think of anything worse! Worse leader than May in Macron!	others
8185	What Kimani is saying is true imagine wizkid is bigger than Cass but in SA during Global citizen Cass was shown more respect than any other acts by fans and producers of the event, doubt that can happen in KE currently	Agreed. So get more love.	Getting more love its all a collective effort from the involved stake holders. Reason why such is happenning in SA is due to factors such as 90% SA content across all media outlets, it cant be a solo effort from an act	others
8186	Niggas want husband benefits on a boyfriend contract upgrade your package nigga.	....mxm this niggas be wilding hey.....	I know right? like I ain't your mama ain't your wife and I ain't your maid.	others
8187	I’ll never let you go	love u sm Tom, how was your day? xxx	My day was good thank you, how’s your day going xxxx	others
8188	is the pfp nice	pretty QWEEN	that’s YOU	others
8189	Just ordered from has a discount code (:	I am fuming, quick cancel order and redo it	How do you think I feel! That could have bought me a pint	others
8190	I need your help	We are happy to help, what seems to be the problem? *PS	I miss wide open shots, what do I do	others
8191	That hurt a little	You not ugly homie, girls just stay sleepin on you my guy	When I stop drinking, it’s over for these niggas	others
8192	افضل قرار اتخذته هو متابعة هاوس ، اجمل شي صار لي من فترة	افضل مسلسل طبي بلا منازع	Can’t agree more	others
8193	I am ready; are you?	I don't want it to come to that but I am anticipating it . I have to resist anxiety on the matter and that is difficult . We may be late already and that is sad .	I honestly don't think that we can restore the Republic without a war, whether they take Trump out or he leads it; one way or another it has to happen.	others
8194	Haven't listened to an Usher album front to back since Here I stand.	*Confessions	Hasn't been a better R&B album since that one.	others
8195	The Departed : 9/10. Excellent film all around Zodiac - haven't seen it. Added to the list	. I'd like to see the list when you're done compiling	I'll definitely put it on here	others
8196	Do you have any recommendations for cases for an ipad mini 4 that will be primarily used by a child (so something with more protection than a basic cover)?	We'd suggest an Otterbox. We haven't tested ultra durable cases for the ipad mini 4, but Otterbox has a strong track record and should be a safe bet.	Sounds good. Thanks!	others
8197	Why do Brewers fans want Profar. He’s basically disappointed his entire career. Hard, hard pass.	Probably part short-term memory of how bad Schoop was. Also, he had a very nice year last year. 35 doubles, 20 HR...walks and power all the rage.	Yeah but he’s been terrible the rest of his career. No thanks.	others
8198	Thick Girls Have Warm Pussy	And slim girls?	Have hot pussy	others
8199	One of the big things that got me this year was not qualifying for health insurance because of my income.	Should’ve Lied	Definitely should’ve	others
8200	The next car I buy	You was just talking shit about them jeeps when I said I wanted one so I can take the doors off lol	Yea I’m gone have to buy that exact one in that pic there tho only one I like...but I said I’ll take a range over that is what is was	others
8201	Those of you who use an outline and don't have to chicken peck when you type: What is your average words per hour when drafting? (Assuming you don't have people interrupting you) I know I need to get faster, but I want to know what a realistic goal would be.	I don’t use an outline but I get about 2000/hour... That’s mostly because I write in shorter sprints (10, 15, or 30 minutes), which helps me focus.	Another 2k/HR person. Wow. I'm in awe. I will have to try your short sprint method.	others
8202	Are we just supposed to vote until a certain group of people get what they want? Why do people not understand democracy	“Majority of country” = 855 people, seems like a legit poll this	I know it’s painful, biggest tantrum ever	others
8203	charge ur phone silly	no i don’t have a charger :<	meet me at your locker i’ll give you mine uwu	others
8204	Jimin Photocards Giveaway!! Includes a OT7 photo Shipping fee will be on me :)  Worldwide To enter: follow me  RT and like this  Comment your favourite choreography from a MV! And tag	Danger <3	I C O N I C	others
8205	Young Dolph having a concert.... In Newport News	When	January 28th	others
8206	is the pfp nice	it’s beautiful	just like u	others
8207	Nobody is obligated to stay in South Carolina unless they in jail	Lol bra fuck SC who mad cause a nigga tryna move out this slavery ass state ain’t shit here	Lmao facts I’m so ready to go	others
8208	gamer life is a snoozefest	What no, it’s awesome! You can: -game -jerk off -both!	beat yo wife	others
8209	Tensions are high again in the mod scène as streams Should Mutos become the new mod?	You cut out the parts where I said if he could do a better job than me then he's more than welcome to AND the part about him asking why he would ever wanna be a mod for Kell, to which I respond accordingly. If you're gonna share the story, share the entire thing.	It’s called sharing highlights. I thought YOU would know all about that with your compilation vids of Kelly’s streams	others
8210	Tenho pouco amigos, mas são os melhores	River amassou	Sorte	others
8211	Quick dinner Goals.	I find Haddock to be so salty	Can’t remember if I’ve had it. I was referring to the simplicity of the dish yet so gourmet looking lol	others
8212	These three Bitcoin (not Tether) addresses are quite a mystery: 1PnMfRF2enSZnR6JSexxBHuQnxG8Vo5FVK 1DiHDQMPFu4p84rkLn6Majj2LCZZZRQUaa 1AhTjUMztCihiTyA4K6E3QEpobjWLwKhkR	Hey, Keith, can you throw this into the mix?	I'll take a look	others
8213	Hazard does need to pipe down a little in all fairness, chats far too much shit sometimes, lower your tone.	Flirting with Madrid, I agree. But in general he has the right amount of sarcasm to shut the media up.	99% of the players would ignore it by now, considering the amount of times they have asked him. It’s just getting annoying.	others
8214	I haven't been very twitter social for a while & I apologise to my lovely followers. Recovery has been a literal pain & I'm still not 100% but I'm back to work after 2 weeks sick leave. I'm hoping to be in better spirits/health come January much love to the	Sending healing thoughts your way!	This gif always makes me feel warm. In fact I wish I had a massive teddy bear to hug and sleep in	others
8215	someone lob me 8 followers n i’ll give u some dick	show cock first	no after	others
8216	Since cutting my hair , I’ve had some negative looks and comments that weren’t needed. Then I had endless support from family and one of my biggest supporters my sis  But I love my big chop. Here’s to healthier hair	Yes ma’am	Thank you love	others
8217	Tips for being a : 1) Do your own thing. Be yourself 2) Don't sub and then unsub to a fellow creator 10 minutes later 3) Enjoy creating!! :) 4) Don't get involved in drama. From experience i can't emphasize 4 enough :) Sashy <3	I just realized this sub then unsub thing and it’s really sad. You reached out to ME	i'm glad you liked the tweet! i've been youtubing for a year and a half but curreny on a break just now :)	others
8218	Radio sheff comedy gold Sheff wed right sheff weds right are world wide mate	Around the world from Wolverhampton and London!	I nearly crashed van laughing	others
8219	Just got a sugar daddy dm hmm	So you gonna help your mentee out too?	I’m sorry, idk what you’re talking about	others
8220	hello twitter i’ve been feeling down lately,, send me your best memes/jokes etc so i can have a belly laugh	just this cup	i haveso many questions	others
8221	Kansas city chiefs in the playoffs If anybody missed that. We tearing up Thursday too.	Long as Hill gets that ankle back on track. If we doesnt, im concerned	Yeah we had a lot of inactives	others
8222	It’s days like today when I struggle to get my ass to work that I think I’ll finally quit and make a multi-billion otome company just so I can play them 24hrs a day	Haha exactly my thoughts everyday!	It’s good to know I’m not alone on this haha it probably doesn’t help that it’s Monday, but let’s be real I’ll probably be feeling the same Tue-Friday too	others
8223	Just me who no longer wants Alderweireld?	I really wanted Milenkovic or Koulibaly! Sere A centre backs are amazing! Alderweireld is 30 in March aswell	Koulibaly is the one I want the most	others
8224	a pipe burst in our apartment but luckily none of our personal property was damaged and the owner/building will be taking care of the floor/water damage. i knew 2018 would try to pull one last prank.	Ugh, annoying. You have to move out for awhile?	luckily boo's family is in the area so we're crashing with them for the week. it's a mess, but a lot of progress has been made between last night and today so i'm optimistic.	others
8225	"דברים שאני רואה בטוויטר אבל לא במציאות: גברים מבשלים אהבת אמת אנשים מחמיצים ירקות טיסות לחו""ל טרגדיות אישיות מין"	אם יורשה לי להוסיף: אותנטיות מעט פוזה  חשיפה  חולשה שיש איתה גם חוזק  מיןןן	But she caught me on the counter (It wasn't min) Saw me bangin' on the sofa (It wasn't min) I even had her in the shower (It wasn't min) She even caught me on camera (It wasn't min)	others
8226	Better get changed and clean my bike to make sure I’m back in the office to hear British politics truly disappear up to own arse.	I know we come at this from different views, but we can hopefully agree it’s a shambles of the highest order, created by a political system of vanity and fluff rather than seriousness and substance	Not certain it’s vanity and fluff, more thickness laced with political ambition.	others
8227	I really want to do some more digital sketching again...	What's stopping you?	My tablet doesn't seem to configure with Gimp very well, not alot of space on my desk for it so it's not the most comfortable activity	others
8228	Well, this has been a pretty shitty day, hasn't it?	Hopefully not too shitty	No worries, my friend. I'll get over it, I always do. T minus 13 years to my retirement.	others
8229	Hi ! Are you doing okay? Sometimes I worry about you.	, I miss you!	This is between and I. Fuck-wad!	others
8230	I’m online for a few hours come enjoy your Monday with me!	damn! I've been waiting to see you on again.	im here <3	others
8231	I love you all so much but the Good Place episodes are unlistenable. Please help the hosts improve their recording and/or post-production process.	"Also, I think this is a fundamentally incorrect statement. The latest episode had horrible technical problems--I've been there. Previous episodes are not remotely ""unlistenable""."	Episodes 507 and 508 were a pleasure to listen to.	others
8232	hi	absolutely gorgeous!	love u lovisa	others
8233	Mann Say Dat cause I don’t think they really understand how life is set up for certain individuals	They don’t bro. They never witnessed that real life struggle	An it’s sad cause they prolly don’t realize they parents was just like us at some point of time	others
8234	go back to sleep beloved	Go revisit that album this week	listen..a lot of those tracks are on my daily playlists, but puttin it up against Confessions??? ehh..	others
8235	It wasn’t until twitter did I learn so many people didn’t like Boyz II Men..... niggas could legit sing lol	My TL was more so on the, BIIM wasn’t their favorite over Jodeci. They absolutely have talent	Man my TL was getting them the fuck outta here lol.	others
8236	Natalie and I would like to introduce Everett Thomas to the world! Born this morning at 8:04 at 7lbs 9oz and 20 inches long!  Mom and Everett are doing great!	Congrats, Tommy!!	Thanks!	others
8237	I’m so thankful that I have you	Yaaay! i love you bby	I love you too boss!!	others
8238	This is my new scrim spot. Signed the papers and now have full ownership of it. Please don't trespass on my property. Thanks <3	Yeah sorry m8 but, if you wANT that spot, you gotta go through me  :D	That’s it I’m putting on my pants	others
8239	Does it bother any other writers when it seems like all of your paragraphs on a page seem to start with the same word? I write mostly in first person so the word “I” seems to start most of my paragraphs and it drives me nuts.	I think it’s unavoidable. Unless you do a dual narrator thing. Try to think of ways around it if it bothers you.  ‘I woke up with a start’ ‘A sudden noise wrestled me from sleep...’ I’m no expert. Good luck with your writing all the same!	That’s solid advice. Thank you!	others
8240	i hate yugyeom	me 2	we been knew	others
8241	So either gas bill or a Xmas pudding	F sake 68$ for pudding.... I think life is hugely expensive in France but how do you guys cope with that?	I don't fucking buy shit like they	others
8242	coisa linda	te amo	love youuu	others
8243	Boutta ignore this text from shordy to hang with the boys idc	Weather is not suited to be downtown anyways	She jus wanted to drive around and have small talk and Chief my pen I’m good luv thank you next	others
8244	Our highest yielding soybean was planted at the lowest population	Need some context or your statement is useless.	115K 19EA32 bean was highest yielder compared to 22T73 @ 150k 21Lh02 @ 135k 25LH62 @ 140k first three were planted May 25-28 25LH62 was planted may 8-10	others
8245	Hawe ma labafana saze salithwala idombolo. Ngokuncoma kanye nje	This is definitely their career now ngeke	They are so annoying	others
8246	Kook pushes me to pursue my dreams, Tae pushes me to love& live art, Jimin pushes me to be selfless, Hobi pushes me to wear my heart on my sleeves, Yoongi pushes me to be a rebel, Jin pushes me to be easy on myself and Joon pushes me to fall in love w myself through them.	12 am stop making me cry...	I just read Joon's letter and I cannot help myself. I'm so sorry. :(	others
8247	the last thing i wanna do right now is translate tomorrow’s text	KHADIJA AGSJDHDJDJD. THIS MEME WTFDHDHJF IM SCREAAAMING	jdjfkdkfjkf i have no idea how this made it to my camera roll but i’m glad it did	others
8248	im gonna regret this but im following every single ahs account i see. news accounts, accounts that dont even share the same language as me, and all that shit. pray for me	you'll regret it one day believe me	im sure i will	others
8249	[Gif starter for	"Looks at her then laughs. ""Sarah, you know that your crazy right?"""	Maybe a little. She said with a light laugh, rolling her shoulders back into a shrug.	others
8250	*mimosas	*million mimosas	Yes yes yes!	others
8251	but it’s baseball heaven and every player wants to play there.	Don't be mad that the baby bears aren't far from another tear down/rebuild.	Enjoy 3rd place again	others
8252	We need to drop Cheerios in front of ours so she’ll stay still.	Have you got a little pig?!	She’s not so little no more.	others
8253	ABO AU Where Omega Taehyung has been secretly (but not subtly) thirsting over his Alpha band mate Jungkook	Is this ur first au ???	YES IT IS?	others
8254	i think i’m holding a record for how many people soft blocked me today	they’re just jealous your brother is growing a dinosaur :/	trust me,, me and my brother are living our best lives	others
8255	This scares me but amazes me at the same time !!!	Girl same!	I was literally getting anxiety when I was watching it	others
8256	Lmao no artist was paid.	Fr?	Lol yea you don't get paid for performing at GC. It was out of the goodness of her heart.	others
8257	Unpopular opinion: no it’s not.	yeah that’s pretty unpopular	Dating is to get to know each other initially. You don’t go into it thinking you’re gonna get married	others
8258	It wasn’t us .. we haven’t touched anything	Your faces	We can’t do a poker face	others
8259	Trying to read dense critical texts when I haven’t taken my meds	I mean you did it your whole life	But I didn’t know how much I was struggling before, now my brain is used to not struggling	others
8260	I hate when ppl in customer service act as if I’m calling their personal cell with my issue instead of THE DAMN CALL CENTER YOU WORK FOR!	Damn lmaooo	I asked a simple question and had all my info ready and you would’ve thought I was calling him at home	others
8261	Like i said...OH HAPPY DAY	to all your dear 4 legged friends have a warm cozy day Debbi!	"It is warm and cozy. 4""of white blanket my place. thanks Jane. hope you are well."	others
8262	All my friends better ft me at midnight	Sorry bitch my granny ass was sleep	Bitch idc	others
8263	Lol no it's not.	Definitely is	Nope	others
8264	my daily stan tbz tweet	ngl i am intimidated by the number of people but the song is a gd jam so like. i'm into it.	ikr!!!!!! i really like them so much, you should check out this album, it's super good	others
8265	S/o to the Dutch bros guy in Glendale that gave me a free drink bc what I wanted to do with my major “melted his heart”, you’re a real one	Dutch boys too soft	Literally the only reason I went to Dutch was to talk to the cashier bc THATS how bored I was so I really didn’t mind lol	others
8266	My twitter family: Parents:  Spouse:  Children:  via  .	WHATS UP WIFEY	ICB THIS MY DREAM CAME TRUE IM MARRIED TO U	others
8267	i have NOTHING to lose	brother...	don’t worry about me brother...GOD is on my side	others
8268	M's aren't going to do something crazy to move Seager. In addition to Santana and Leake, have also heard they are shopping Healy.	At this point could be on the trading block.	Let's not get carried away here.	others
8269	I think that dropping on my pay day is a sign that I can't possible pass this up	You won't regret it!!!	I already know	others
8270	Some of the moments in ffa are so heart wrenching I’m gonna ball my eyes out if they’re in the movie as well	i cried during three different scenes and it’s hella hard to keep reading while your vision blurs from all the tears	Which ones? Dm me, I desperately need someone to talk to about the book!	others
8271	I need new Christmas movie recommendations!	“I recently watched one called 48 Christmas Wishes, and it was super adorable!”	What's it about? I'm interested! Adorable and Christmas are just my cup of tea.	others
8272	Seems is working on an unofficial successor to Ultimate Doom's fourth episode that will require a proper 1993 version of DOOM to run! Details:	Well, it won't *require* a modern source port. It'll probably look and run better with one, though. A 9-level episode due out next year pales in comparison to the enormity of this year's Cacowards though. The Doom mod scene has outdone itself this year.	Seems I've missed a lot of pretty amazing things!	others
8273	Predictable as saying the person who lost actually won and up is down and down is up? That it was even close, let alone losing to this cretin, does not demonstrate Her billion dollars was spent wisely.	Here you go sweets, since you like conspiracy theories.	How sad. Do you mean to say she actually had NO outreach to the African American community? She was just relying on her husband’s and Obama’s popularity? Oddly enough, that’s even sadder	others
8274	Many idols this year have had the opportunity to collaborate.	What rumours ??!!	The rumours involving jungkook’s brother. It isn’t a big deal, it’s not even true but people talk too much	others
8275	Four 2018 selfies from your local jewy gremlin	"i literally have that picture saved on my phone ive seen it before but i thought your seat belt was just a really large knife and i wasnt even concerned just tired like ""who gave jen a knife? seriously guys?"" its 4am."	Give Jen a knife kickstarter 2019	others
8276	good night.	pretty sure that’s gay	"kulang nalang he would say ""i can't live without you"""	others
8277	When	It’s up to y’all	2 oclock in the vie ?	others
8278	I am still trying to catch up with 5 years of BTS	Try watching their bangtan bombs and crack videos on YT ... Those helped me catch up with bts when I was a baby ARMY Fighting	thank you so much fam I will!!!	others
8279	pretty much how it is	Vegito #2? His assist isnt as good as piccolos i feel anyway. Plus Mbuu way too high imo. Hes very good dont get me wrong but hes not top 5	who would u say is top 5	others
8280	My husband's reaction at that moment will determine mine Since he suddenly lost his voice while d lady was busy disrespecting me, my own voice will b lost till we get a divorce!!!	But she promised to fuck him six ways. What did you want him to do?	I'll fuck my side nigga 12 ways then.	others
8281	Why’d you have to show me music	Fine I’ll stop gosh	I cry whenever I listen to brockhampton or Smino	others
8282	in other news if sik k has a u.s tour and doesn’t come to to texas yall KNOW my ass if flying out of state for him	he should come 2 Dallas so we can go together	YES BUT THEN I ALSO WANF HIM TO COME TO HOUSTON FJDJJS IDK IF I’LL GO TO DALLAS	others
8283	some random girl of my friends asked me for a hug last night when i was saying what’s up to everyone & her drunk ass licked my neck. I hit her w the harden step back confused af	That’s weird af lmfaooo	who you telling lmao and everyone around acted like it was normal didn’t say a word about it	others
8284	Cuantas carnes asadas puede soportar el ser humano?	Más de 96 es seguro	new year resolutions	others
8285	Is it too late to try to become a nurse, I’ll be 25 in July .... I love social work but I want to do both.	Never too late	Thank you	others
8286	once i get my drivers license legally its over for yall im gonna visit every single one of you and stand in your yard while removing my teeth, afterwards i will take my teeths (they will have grown back in by then) and spell out maxx is miku	What if I’m in the UK what will you do then? *evil laugh*	how bold of you to assume that i do not have The Necessary Resources needed to book a flight to the uk	others
8287	As a toxicologist the pun was well received	I’m glad	I recognised it from the amount of times we've had to draw it out in exams	others
8288	this is the most precious thing you’ll see today, i love how he is so humble and soft spoken ughh let me love u forever	omg hes literally perfect	he really is i-	others
8289	just got promoted to co-leader in my Clash Royale clan so ya I guess I’m a pretty big deal now	I’m coming back	I’m down, the return of Daimond	others
8290	THANK YOU	Trade his ass	We been done w. him. Then we let our best player Gorkys walk...	others
8291	By no means am I implying farms dogs aren’t looked after, far from. More of an open admission that I might be sightly to soft on my dogs	All ours have jackets for the winter and when it’s cold especially if travelling around in back of Ute	I can’t believe I haven’t got them earlier you know! I’ve seen so many gun dogs wear them!	others
8292	The only way to stop these baseless attacks on is for the stock to rally past ATH and obliterate short positions (which are far higher than shares shorted at ~10B because of derivatives) All economic incentives for	Can we do that today please?	It's easily possible. The first attempt was Friday.	others
8293	Big girl	If i see that spider on the ground ima kill that shit	Its a bird eater these things jump dawg, if you see it its already over:(	others
8294	Hey	Do it just to be safe ;)	ahah i will definitely, im just afraid that for some reason something wrong happens... :x	others
8295	Lmaooo damn niggas b lying b	who lying slime	Lol ion mane drop	others
8296	asap rocky and tyler the creator have the best friendship lmao	You witch. I read this as Potato Salad was playing.	Hehuhehu i knew that, thats why i tweeted it	others
8297	Oh boy.. I’ve cried a few times in public before and that was out of anger and despair.. but by far my most embarrassing was in SS1 and this mf bellowed in a loud voice “kuka??” and I stormed out..	im sorry brother .. better late than never	I forgive you..Lol	others
8298	for my birthday I want bathing wangxians	I see :)	;)) smexy watersports	others
8299	Note to self: next time ask the price before asking them to grind the coffee so you don’t end up with a 4K bag of coffee	Yikes	Yeah. Kinda sneaky not mentioning price when making me smell the beans. I thought it would be 1000-1500 max.	others
8300	false information	It’s almost accurate	not @ me tho(-:	others
8301	Hmu if you wanna hit the pass tomorrow! Got 1 open seat	I’m pretty sure white is still closed	Snoqualmie or hood then	others
8302	Excuse me, we Lance’s are fabulous	As if. You Lance’s are ANNOYING	Awww come one, you didn’t even give me a chance! Don’t let what you once hear or see define who I am	others
8303	BlueFace n YG	Bruh that nigga trash stopppp	They say drake gon collab wit him	others
8304	Hey you! Don’t ignore me... How are you?How was your day? Home yet? Have you taken your bath? Had dinner? May the Almighty strengthen you! Have a lovely evening.	Thanks for caring. I'll be good. Hope you're good too?	You’re welcome b, I’m fine, thank you.	others
8305	Donkey Kong 64 Super Mario 64 MARIO Kart 64 007 Golden Eye Zelda ocarina of time  Pokémon stadium Super smash brothers 64 They all tied	Everything with 64 at the end slapped	Aye on god I was gone say that we know somethin bro lmaoooo	others
8306	wholeheartedly believe nothing in this world beats a good cup of tea	A shamus Connor cup of tea in a measuring jug	every time he thinks it’s funny and every time nobody laughs	others
8307	hey i was trying to change my plan to the 19.99 annual one but it doesn’t ask for a promo code? Is that offer not available anymore?	The promo code can be applied on the payment page. On the payment page where users need to input card details, you will see a link ‘Have promo code’. Once you click on this, you get the option to enter the promo code (Holidays) and then click on apply button.	Doesn’t ask for a promo code	others
8308	lmao seriously like ur welcome for making u a better person for someone else FML	That shit is sooooo frustrating	HEY I MISS YOU WTF	others
8309	My friend’s Mom walked down the aisle to “Let’s Get Married”	yikes lmfaooo	I couldn’t believe it	others
8310	Bought a 'butter' dish for my	Oh lovely looks very posh	Thanks, I've never owned a butter dish in my life, my mum always used one, I'm going back to the old days & reducing my plastic usage too	others
8311	Chai mess oppu	Enormous took me out	Bruh I hate Igbo niggas	others
8312	Fucks sake Niantic	Wonder if they got a massive influx of players recently.	Maybe; while I was walking hte dogs Saturday, I happened to be trying to check a gym and was logged out middle of it. No updates or anything; it's getting very aggravating	others
8313	god damn rip	Cam on get your Pyjamas on let’s watch home alone	i needed this	others
8314	i cant breathe i just walked past this house and they were blasting thank u next so i decided to yell out the lyrics while outside and then they stopped the music	a king? yeee	hi i miss you queen	others
8315	My birth control got me gaining so much weight, lol even my good stretch jeans uncomfortable	You take the pills?	No I’m on the Depo right now lol I’m not responsible enough for the pills	others
8316	The current generation will have the ugliest names ever given to babies	You leave McKayleigh and Brahnson alone.	Those are beautiful compared to some others I've read lol	others
8317	you had me wrapped around your finger	OmG BBY	I MIGHT BE CRYING	others
8318	I never want Slayer to retire so we keep getting tours like this. Fuckin hell.	Shit Duuude I wanna see this!	It’d be sick if they can close to here	others
8319	Really annoyed that (bin men) have left a tag on my bin saying it was not collected because the lid was open. I have just measured it and it’s open 4 cm.... is this a joke????	Omg that the rubbish or recycling they not collected	Not till Friday. So that means I’ll have to put bags on top of the slightly opened bin. Drives me mad there’s rats out in the street it’s like Christmas Day for them putting rubbish out in the open and then makes outside look so scruffy.	others
8320	Why school thinking 6:30 a good time for high school students	u prolly get out at lik 2 tho	Yeah I do but still shits ass	others
8321	this is like when Nixon went on television and declared that he's not a crook	Nixon: I’m not a crock!	"lol didn't see the ""smocking"" typo at all until you made that joke"	others
8322	Winter is here. I hate winters.	Will be in NY from dec 22 to Jan 12 Let’s meet up	sure	others
8323	am i an asshole to opt out of my company’s holiday party????	I didn’t go to mine 2 out of the last 3yrs cause I found something better to do/go to. It’s not mandatory	That’s what I was thinking. Sorry I have “prior arrangements”	others
8324	Today's top 30	か	亀山@月fam result : 03:34:00.197 (top+0.190) rank : 67 / 518 client : Twitter for iPhone	others
8325	Oh fuck no	The shit was crazy af !!	Girl he must’ve been off the shits being in the house like he a resident	others
8326	Who wants to be my part-time boyfriend? I just want someone to cuddle and occasionally terrorize	Can I send my CV	Feel free	others
8327	حدا يعطيني عذر ما ادرس	look up new music	I am desperate enough to get into queen nancy ajram	others
8328	waiting for my car to warm up, here to tell u I hope u have a good day & do what u gotta do.	Great face, wonderful face	why thank you & to you, another great face, can’t wait to see ya face in those pics ur taking today	others
8329	we them again	FUVK	you can delete the tweet but u can't delete ur mistake	others
8330	2 of the last podcasts I’ve recorded are easily the best UNEDITED episodes of all time, and no one will ever get to hear most of them, if at all	Far too explicit content for society to hear	*records for 3 hours* *only can use 10 minutes of it*	others
8331	And I really mean it the comments and messages I get daily. I cannot possibly reply to them all. But I have no fucking idea what you lot see in me. Seriously too. I've got loads of love for Allyalllllllllllllllllfhdxoxioxoxxo	Everyone wants to smash that's why lol. Make it clear that you got a partner and watch the dms shrink.	Most the comments aren't about smashing dude and being single married or dating someone it's not really relvant when I'm with a person it will be known.	others
8332	God pls help me tomorrow oI'm so nervous	God is in control	Amen darl, thank you	others
8333	When I’m wearing pants and say you wouldn’t want to see my legs this is why	Shotta legs were so ashy the other day they were damn near bleeding	Lmfaooooo that’s when you know you ashy af	others
8334	My mate coaches a boys football team. Told me he was charged by police for Racism. Aparently one of his players is a Black lad who was playing shite so he substituted him. Boys father got the police saying it was racism. Honest tae fuk. Hes in bits.	That’s a fucking joke, the guy should be ashamed of himself. If his boy isn’t good enough then don’t use the racist card	Unbelievable mate. It will soon be a crime to boo a black player if hes havin a bad game	others
8335	Very thankful for my 1st offer from Southeastern Louisiana University	proud of you cousin !!! keep grinding	Thank you	others
8336	Good old Christmas, normalising every day beer consumption	That looks	Possibly the best “ich bin Berliner...” version I’ve had so far. Full on blackcurrant	others
8337	Anyway I saw Burna 2 days ago, so I’m good.	Famz	Our eyes jammed for a minute and I can tell we both felt the connection	others
8338	Ariana grande is using her ex’s death to make money and her fans are supporting her.. thats why the mfs get blown up..	I don't like her and i didn't like the song coz the concept itself is stupid idk how ppl are crazy about such THING!	People are dumb wallah thats all	others
8339	Lmao what	U look nice	Would u tho	others
8340	one of my fave things to do is come up with really inconvenient class and race matchups in dnd. like a huge fuck off goliath rogue who can’t sneak in through windows so they break down a door instead, but is so good at hiding no one finds them in the wreckage anyway	Below average height Barbarian Halfling who wields a greatsword made for a goliath lol	take it to the bank!!!	others
8341	I... I can't believe this is an actual movie. Like, actually being released here in the theatres.	I was trying to be cynical as hell watching it, but when Godzilla started running at King Ghidorah . . .	I know, right?	others
8342	I’m live on Twitch - Watch me at ⁩	followed <3	Thank youu!	others
8343	Whiteout conditions reported in malls across America. Order a slice of the 4-Cheese White Pizza to experience it yourself.	Hey , how come I got a BOGO free e-mail on December 8 telling me that the offer expired on December 7?!	Hello, it appears your email server has rejected emails from us in the past. The email was sent Dec 7, but your inbox accepted it the next day. Try white-listing noreplyslicesociety@sbarro.com or clearing out emails to receive emails when they send.	others
8344	Five TV shows that defined me 1. West Wing 2. Alias 3. Buffy 4. Ally McBeal 5. Death in Paradise I tag	Alias and Buffy - good choices!!	Ha! Thanks. Can feel a Buffy rewatch coming on! It’s been years.	others
8345	Late to the party but probably because I already knew...BUT: How can you keep a pregnancy with twins a secret? I mean social media is one thing and easy to handle but what about the people who run in the same circle?	Who?	Vanessa‘s stylist/friend	others
8346	Me last night to the kids: So, I ordered all of your presents on-line, and they might not arrive until after Christmas. Them: But we can still have homemade cinnamon rolls for breakfast and whatever we want for dinner? Me: Yep. Them: Cool. It'll be fun to get presents in January.	Your kids definitely have their priorities sorted.	"It took me ages to get 11yo to even give me any ideas for what she wanted. I kept getting, ""Nothing. Just time with you, [13yo], and good food."""	others
8347	So.... Q is just The Mooch’s drunk alter ego?	Like a Law & Order episode where the defendant claims they can’t be held responsible for the other personalities. But I imagine Q is more ashamed of sharing a body with Anthony than the other way around.	Guess we’ll see who is the most ashamed once the QAnon folks murder or maim someone in Q’s name	others
8348	Alexa, turn on the lights	Oh this is gonna be terribad!	I honestly cannot see how this could possibly be good	others
8349	how is everyone?	Trash	nah u not	others
8350	usher gave us: my way 8701 CONFESSIONS  here i stand had bops	Here I Stand was nice. It just got compared to Confessions a lot. It was good.	trading places, moving mountains, what’s a man to do, love in this club pt II	others
8351	yikes...	BOTH ARE HOT IRIS IM-	stop i love you sm omg	others
8352	God only knows why its taken me so long to let my doubts go	Urgeeeeeee cantar esa canción pedo okkk espero el dia	Siii pleasee	others
8353	Ronaldo has won 5 champions league titles and he has been the best player and top scorer in ALL FIVE.  Someone has won 4, he only contributed significantly to 3. But he’s GOAT.	Must be Obuko goat	Na fraud nah. He’s just statpadding with league titles. Goat wey be say when e reach Europe e Dey turn lizard	others
8354	Sir. this reach.	I’ve heard it. Daniel I can respect more. But I’ve heard very few better vocalists than Chris EVEN when he was a kid	i guess	others
8355	You rarely come through for me but just this once	Abandon all hope	Lool you think so?	others
8356	Hey folks... I'm on a new episode of .. enjoy yours today.	I bet you’ll only be a day ahead until 12/25 which was supposed to be a rerun	Thank goodness!! This is annoying!!!	others
8357	Thunder - dirty love	Been listening to Thunder over the weekend 🖒	Well done youthem off to see there Xmas show in London a week Friday	others
8358	Is White Castle worth the 20 min drive?	Uhhh.. what time you leaving twin!	girl everyone telling me I’m stupid if I go that far for it but if I do go I’ll hyl	others
8359	Who to start tonight in my	Hate them both, probably would start penny though. Dalvin Cook and Chris Carson make that really hard	I know.. penny got a tweaked ankle too hes questionable	others
8360	"Oh, I'm really good at this. My go to line is ""thanks, for coming by guys. I want to be alone now. You need to leave"". Or any other variation of this very clear message."	I pretend I yawn	Too subtle.	others
8361	Does Yaa Gyasi write poems? Has she released any poetry? Because from the beauty, quality and craft of her writing in a novel I think her poetry would be spectacular	Honestly, Home Goinng was my fave 2018 read	Same and I’ve read some fantastic books this year	others
8362	I am obsessed w home deco atm and I’m going insane because there’s way too many ideas on Pinterest	Same	I’m over here trying to rearrange my ideas rn	others
8363	ok since i have nothing to do today which one do i start	if you’ve watched naruto you’ve watched mha watch one piece or hxh both goats of anime	alright mha is out of question just needed to fill a spot	others
8364	Found out my brother is gonna be a father, which means I'm officially gonna be the gay wine aunt now	Nice Congratulations Your Niece or Nephew will have lots of memories of you being the drunk wine aunt, especially during the holidays	Haha no way am I getting drunk in front of my family, I will spoil them though!!! Make sure they grow up with Nintendo	others
8365	I’ll never let you go	don’t you look lovely! missing my partner in crime	Love it x	others
8366	might jus fuck around and buy all the soraka chromas idk	THEYRE ALL SO PRETTY	I love the special xmas one too AHHHHHHHHHH TT but I went with the rainbow one in the end aknsdfklma;lkw	others
8367	It's a sluggish	Two, and an injection of B-12. Need to smock something.	Right on	others
8368	99% of ya jus woke up so g'mornin' an' go have food.	That requires me to get to get out of bed...	Ya ain't gonna have the strength ta come up with good jokes if ya ain't eatin'	others
8369	I just realized I surpassed in follower count in a little more than a month after joining twitter!  let’s bring their follower count to 100 or more!	thanks	I DMed u yesterday read it	others
8370	Of course! They're still having their Xmas hols. House in uproar.	"The laugh was when Leadsom said ""The house has already agreed"". Which was laughed as the House had already Agreed Meaningful Vote ...."	Yeah, I got that one. It IS laughable.	others
8371	Diddy really had them dudes singing for a bed !	He used to be wildin.	Great TV ! Lol	others
8372	This shit's due in 2 hours and I'm still waiting for their part of the essay	Good ol' accountability brother, not too many have it	Fuck it ima pass this class regardless I just took their name off of the paper	others
8373	"Science is a liberal conspiracy, says the ""skeptic."""	The Skeptic knows how academic studies get produced. Riddle me this...who provides most of the funding on climate science?	World governments. Have you ever submitted a grant for research funding? You're graded on the quality of your experimental design, not whether you'll get the politically expedient answer. ... That's why the US still gets the same answers for climate research -- even under Trump.	others
8374	i been in this drs office so long just waiting that the light went out	lmfaooo i hate when this happens then u gotta stand up	lmao i stayed layin down im lazy &u know i be in the dark anyways LMAO	others
8375	how is everyone?	I wish i were aborted	;c dont ssay thatt	others
8376	What are you waiting for doe?	Lol lomjita udinga uktholwa	He Probably Ended His Life, Who Knows	others
8377	I was struggling with this track before. But now nailed it B)	Try the mass destruction remix with ken. Its insane.	About to do it now lolllll let's see	others
8378	this week: 1. Telegram saga 2. completes 2nd airdrop 3. bug fix (update!) 4. launches Sic Bo 5. starts land sale 6. Weak hands continue to sell into strong hands.  Can’t wait for next week! +	Really, Barry?	With all the corrupt things wrong in the world today, this is what triggers ppl. even w. an explanation. To handle something minor like this, in this way with a loyal Supporter shows a lack of maturity, & it's more about a person, than getting good info out. That's the new gen	others
8379	does restless legs syndrome have a long term negative effect? am i gonna die because of it?	Ezz I didn't know what that is so I googled it and now I can't stop moving my legs and I BLAME YOU!!	no u feel my pain	others
8380	Is anyone really surprised? Alyssa sending me flowers for Valentine’s Day has made my Top Nine the last 2 years.	I MADE THE CUT! Miss you both!	Of course!! Our first meeting is very iconic. Miss you too!!!!	others
8381	reply this twt with the funniest video yav found this week	youu mean last week cus it's only tuesday???????	last 7 days	others
8382	is this account believable? Well the account was made in 2017 which follows the pattern of bts making their account in 2011. But this person could have easily had their account and then changed their username recently so I guess there’s no knowing	Houston we cracked the case	I think we’re nowhere near to cracking the case	others
8383	I get tired of seeing my own face sometimes lol	Noo, why? .... you beautiful chigga	Aww thanks Chigga and idk it’s a weird thing lol ilysm	others
8384	This girl is crazy	too much. Lorna are Tsuntsuntsu	The last past sent me	others
8385	current unlock progress in	u got isabelle u don’t need anymore	she's so fuckin wholesome and adorable and her fishing rod is SO MUCH FUN	others
8386	Listen...if I had as much money as Jr. has I’d get a boob job He should too. And maybe do something about his 6 chins??	ROTFLMAO! I don't know... I haven't seen your boobs but from your profile pic I would expect their fine But you're right about Junior	I could use a little lift. Breastfeeding 4 kids has done a number on the girls	others
8387	I like traps better then nudes	Not me if you going send something don’t play wit it	Nahh its jus like if you show me the whole thing , i aint gon have nothing to look forward too	others
8388	Sardi aesay par rahi hai jesay uss ne top karna hai, haha hahaha hahahahahaha	Stupid old joke	It's still funny	others
8389	If you let a female drive your car, you really fwit her	FACTS	Lol I swear	others
8390	I’ve never done it and I probably never will	Girl hars teacher did it and she came home telling me one will show up at our house this and that. So you know i had to get it done	Don’t you love when people do that and then you have to get it	others
8391	Whipped up a video of some behind-the-scenes of our recent trip to Philadelphia and Sweden. It gives insight into what it's like being a part of	Which one of you was eating pizza with a knife and fork??!	That would be although it's not their fault. Pizza in Sweden comes uncut so you have to either roll it up and eat it like a burrito or slice it yourself.	others
8392	How is Jacques the King of R&B and his biggest song is a remix? EXPLAIN.	Y’all gassed him up off that Trip Remix now he thinks he invented RnB	I ain’t even gon knock his music cuz it’s actually pretty good but...King? I need a solid album or single at least lol.	others
8393	Can you overdose on ABBA? I’m working on it. The fact that my eldest brother had never heard of them... ???	What rock has he been living under?	Clearly!	others
8394	My sugar daddy just lost his dad who was his last living relative and I feel bad...not something I’d think I’d ever tweet tbh	....you, have a sugar daddy?	He only pays for my drum corps but I mean it’s still 4k	others
8395	Me: wow I have almost everyone unlocked in smash now, damn. There’s only like five more I need Me looking up the list of characters I don’t have: WTF 21 MORE?	smash is nuts I thought all i had left was dr mario at one point but nope, needed like 5 more. Chrom, palutena, duck hunt, etc lol	Yeah it’s insane lol	others
8396	Lmaoooo this guy! Why are you so bent on dying young?	Life is hard please	I'll keep praying for you.	others
8397	Desgusten	Excuse me	I wuvs	others
8398	Just saved a dog, put her dirty ass in my truck, and the bitch didn’t even appreciate it.	you should’ve kept the pup	I should’ve..	others
8399	Drop your girlfriend name.	ویلے	It means you have no	others
8400	And thus Gorka began the final act of his grand strategic ballet	Scaramucci	For 20 magical days in January, 2019, the world experiences Scaramucci 2: The Return	others
8401	Got a reply on Saturday, started work this morning.. All praise to the most high	Star boy thing	Lol I thank God	others
8402	I don’t know what to get my mom for Christmas. This is an extreme sport I can’t do	Volvik Vivids	Oooooo I didn’t think of that	others
8403	I’m so fucking close to giving up with life	Don't. Please. You'll only hurt the people who care about you.	And what about how much I’m hurting every single day?	others
8404	Fireteam goals	"i suggest fireteam name ""a single shared brain cell"""	"Fireteam ""it semeed like a good idea"""	others
8405	TOP THREE TOP THREE TOP THREE TOP THREE!! I WON	swap eunbi for chaewon	i will NOT chaewon skinny tho x	others
8406	off to nag to another nigga	you ain’t shit	somebody gone listen	others
8407	My nemesis >[	Is that a permanent fixture in the floor? How is that even legal? Aside from whether it's legal-legal, how do their lawyers not jump up and down and shout FIX THIS MAJOR LIABILITY YOU FOOLS	lol it's a two-inch-high wooden step that I have to practice on at physical therapy.	others
8408	The ruling is a legal ruling. Talk about feeding conspiracy theorists; this is really a very an unhelpful and dangerous way to report legal rulings. If people don't respect the courts (and politicians most importantly), then you can forget democracy.	I suspect that & her crack team seem to have a similar difficulty.	That is so true. But seems to be quite a wide-spread problem. Time to bring in a written constitution and teach this in schools.	others
8409	<3	Doza	i love youuu	others
8410	I'm so fucking tired	go asleep then *facepalms*	I did and now it's 1PM rip	others
8411	Usher don’t have to compete dawg. That’s a legend that’s been solidified... However, This out singing comment? Chris Brown voice don’t leave that studio. Miguel and Ne-Yo can be in this discussion.	Miguel has the most amazing voice Iive. Very strong and he has good control. I’ve seen him a couple of times and he is definitely a contender.	I agree... I’ve seen him first on tour with Usher and he has grown so much live. Miguel is dope!	others
8412	I just want to watch Netflix all night tonight that I finally have no assignments	Damn I got an assignment or 2 I need you to do	I got you!	others
8413	who are you thinking about maining?	Still deciding. Up until now: Wolf, Roy, M2, Pokemon Trainer and YLink. It will probably be one of those.	I have settled on M2 I think. He’s so good. But I am still open to a few others. This game has too many characters lmao	others
8414	Ready to move our Ann Arbor so bad	where we moving it to?	Lmao i just realized you said we that’s where we at Marc!	others
8415	Best	Wait I want that sweater	H&M bb, was like 10€	others
8416	Well played	Oh dear! That doesn't quite work out! Can you let us know which store this was at? Also what date and time you visited so we can get this sorted! Brad	Liscard, Wirral. Yesterday. Pretty sure it was the same price all day but it was mid afternoon for the record. Thankfully I only bought one coz I used my sick maths skills to work it out	others
8417	asap rocky and tyler the creator have the best friendship lmao	I was just watching compilations of them yesterday	Ya i just watched them rn lmao i love them both	others
8418	Far from true about most politicians. It's actually dangerous to our democracy to tar them all with the same brush	I don’t think he was, i know who he meant, Rabb,Johnson, Davis, Hunt	Wow amazing mind powers!	others
8419	I actually can’t have a conversation with Chloe via messages because she’s too much of a fucking retard and it makes me ANGRY	Fuck off, you just type dumb	I missed ONE S from LESS and you started being autistic, fuck off i can’t be arsed right now :/	others
8420	Of course when the villain gets Frost's powers show him with full development. You really hate women uh? Your part of the show, when you can develop and make your characters shine and she's again sidelined. Wow, thanks	Shit was Garbage and Disrespectful for Frost	And it's disrespectful to us, we have been waiting for her development for three freaking years and again they gave to a male character who isn't even part of the show.	others
8421	What the hell is a “Green Monday?”	My guess is in holiday season, permission to be greedy, & spend $ on yourself	It’s def an excuse to send me a shit ton of emails.	others
8422	Let me get this straight	Anyone have a link to this accusation? I’m sure I’m not only one who’d love it.	It’s an audio but Idk how to copy it!	others
8423	Not to take away from the fact that eagles are fucking dope, but what the hell is this account Conservative Pets?!?!	No liberal pets allowed	I saw a group of, presumably, very gay poodles on there that would never in a million years want a homophobe like Pence in the White House.	others
8424	Lmao	Gem	“Omg he on Xgames mode”	others
8425	I was set on my path to curatorial practice, as a 17-year-old, by Vistara, Charles Correa's 1986 show. It's a very special pleasure to present 3 of Charles' projects in my show *The Sacred Everyday* for	You intend to present it also in mumbai later ? Hope so !	There are no immediate plans - but I do hope to bring the show to Bombay, yes!	others
8426	Iish why this man always around me ㅋㅋsadly	Just saying that i'm your tail, wherever you go, there's always me behind you ㅋㅋㅋㅋ	Being my tail seriously? Wow can't believe me well its better than you being my bodyguard because you have no abs nope nope nope ㅋㅋㅋ But why must tail?	others
8427	tmw i write yunho’s name on my wrist and forget about it for a few hours and then see it again and smile like a dumb delulu bitch CRYING GMDKDKDKDKXK	uwu uwu uwu	i’m so :((( i lov him	others
8428	Somebody’s toothless auntie just almost ran me over in Binghamton.................  Wtfffffff	You. Are. In. Binghamton.	Have to pass it on my way to work!! HELLPPPPPP	others
8429	i hate eboys	? this better be a joke	how many times do i have to tell u to never use our children’s pictures?	others
8430	hi :)	ok wow you’re so pretty and your fit is the cutest pls	thank u!!! omg	others
8431	comment your guys birthday and I’ll add it to my 2019 calendar so everytime it’s your birthday I’ll dm you and wish you a happy birthday rt so more people can see<3 I love you guys	Awe, this is so sweet uwu. April 3rd	I’ll send you many birthday wishes on that day	others
8432	CAN I BREATHE	NO.	UNDERSTANDABLE HAVE A NICE DAY	others
8433	why yes we haven’t, vivian. want to cross over my palace’s lawn and hang out? i won’t tell the guards.	are you trying to get me in trouble, ma’am?	no! crosses arms. now walk over here before i fly over there to get you.	others
8434	elisa: we zijn allemaal eieren	Ik ben wel een van de makkelijke breekbare	oh wow that went deep quickly :o	others
8435	This has become quite the annual event in Winnipeg! Check out the featured chefs at RAW: almond's pop-up restaurant on the river this winter.	Wish I could fit it into the budget one year.	Definitely a luxury experience.	others
8436	Rewatching criminal minds because I might be a psychopath myself.	Might?	Youre going to try to push a psychopaths nerves??	others
8437	Waitttt I loved Jaheim	He looks like an ashy ankle now and that shit is just sad	Yea he looks pretty bad	others
8438	Has anyone in	"If it says ""Endless Love"" let us know on twitter"	No it doesn’t, sorry!	others
8439	Welp just found out my dog is a year older than I thought	hate to break it to you, but that means he's actually 7 years older than you thought.	you also just broke it to me that she’s apparently a he. Absentee dog parent over here	others
8440	I really don’t care if you don’t value your own life, but when you’re sharing the roadways with others, who have families and loved ones, don’t drive like a reckless idiot	Or drunk	yes yes yes	others
8441	That feels like a bad thing...	Considering a lot of the tracking is done under circumstances where users have been told they aren’t being tracked, yeah, it’s pretty bad. Forget “don’t be evil;” that Google hasn’t existed in ages.	Yeah, I assume surveillance is happening these days. I turn off my GPS and tracking manually, but between my phone and my car.... someone knows where I am.	others
8442	it's important for the loonaverse	WHAT	they're in a parallel universe called the loonaverse	others
8443	Can we really call it Wrestle Kingdom if there's no rambo?	no. also any reason given why they arent doing it?	No idea, I'm blaming Harold either way	others
8444	wait a minute ... we got three different signs ?	way more than 3 but these are most important i believe.	dam i ain’t know	others
8445	I sent footage of one of his hired hands squawking dangerous conspiracy theories about Jews controlling the weather, pizzagate, etc, and he blocked me. Lol.	What a turd	I used my other acct to see he’s currently blaming the potential loss of 77 on “the unions.”	others
8446	Dry red	yoh so strong	It’s actually very nice on the buds ey , if you tell yourself you don’t like it you won’t taste it’s essence	others
8447	I appreciate Jacquees for sayin he the king of RnB cuz we might get more RnB n I’m all for that	Only benefit of him lying like that	It’s his opinion....his music tho	others
8448	Time to go out and do my physics final! Wish me luck!	You have bun luck, the best there is	I blame the three questions I missed on you	others
8449	Yay more wine ☻	Living your bestest life I see	I'm tryingggg to	others
8450	Hey folks... I'm on a new episode of .. enjoy yours today.	Cool, plz do share if U can?	Reese and Zoe are chatting at FC about Taylor	others
8451	Does the UK really need a Government? We haven't had one for weeks but still the working men and women keep the country going by operating trains, busses, planes, machinery, offices etc etc etc. The true heroes.	Actually quite happy with the Scottish Government.	As am I.	others
8452	Wowser. Look what me Dads got me	Lucky paw, it looks delish	it's a belter pal. enjoying it. heard Dad say not getting 1 until Christmas Day now	others
8453	Someone asked if my butterfly was battery powered today.	*whispers*  And is it?	no, its haunted.	others
8454	Simply tell them to prove it , or it didn't happen.	The recent smarter scams use fresh leaks from breaches. So they have your email and a recent password associated to looking more legit and fooling more people.	Ya I know. I've received one .	others
8455	Brothers, NFL Ironmen and my favorite men: my Dad and Uncle Bruce. I look forward to the day my dad joins Bruce in Canton at the	both look like they could still play. Is Bruce coaching at all?	Not currently. He wanted to be able to travel to his son Jake’s games (Falcons).	others
8456	I don’t follow you but I feel like you’re a problem	Kemi plis	Because I started singing the song and laughing like a fool. Repent plis dear	others
8457	Morning Glory, Barrowlands, 2001 Amazing Performance, This proves Liam's passion and determination to give it his all every song, it might not be the best Morning Glory performance ever but to me it's the best! Biblical	I was there, what a gig that was!	Lucky you, easily one of their best gigs!	others
8458	For today’s yeehaw rant: I was taking my torts final so one of the guys in the fact pattern had a heifer that trampled his neighbors Christmas decoration so me not knowing what a heifer is( its a cow) wrote about it being a type of domesticated animal not a barnyard one	Omfggg wtf that’s so unfair	I think bc he’s from Virginia he just assumed everyone knew what that was but like how hard is it to just say COW	others
8459	I had fun to play making some random architecture with  I was surprised by render quality. I will try to make some funnier things	You start like this, and next thing you know, you're like , doing small scenes that deserve to be in a museum.	Very nice voxel! I have to work hard ^^	others
8460	Loving the scent on the “lump of coal” bath bombs from	Fragrance notes: - Bottom: sugared berry, vanilla, moss, pink amber, cashmere woods, amber, aged oak, amber, raw sugar	Thanks. I thought I was picking up on the different citrus notes. I think this is my favorite bomb to date. I just ordered several more.	others
8461	“Packing 17 inches.”  Be real, that size is unnecessary. 7-9 inches are perfect.	I love how your taking a shot at me without name dropping me.	Because it’s not just about you, it’s more in general.	others
8462	All because TaReef said he was an Nole	You earn plenty of trash talking you get tbh, but that ain’t it there fam. No need	FACTS!! like I know I piss people off on here and some of that is genuine but that was just uncalled for	others
8463	Uh oh to fans of puig, pederson, or kemp	Don’t want to see puig go, but I can deal with the other two leaving	I think it'll be Joc since he's under more control and cheaper than Puig	others
8464	One of my absolute pet peeves. It’s dissOciation not dissAsociation	It's one of my pet peeves too, especially when mental health professionals get it wrong!	I would say easily over half the professionals I’ve met refer to it with this mysterious added A so annoying!	others
8465	The G.O.A.T	Is he good ?	Lol he not serious but he cool like a lil pump or sum	others
8466	Today's top 30	なんでや	NUN@不眠症 result : 03:34:00.117 (top+0.110) rank : 38 / 518 client : Twitter for iPhone	others
8467	"We can keep people alive... but only if they are wealthy. Sounds a lot like buying organs to me. ""No Cash, No Heart. Transplant Centers Require Proof Of Payment"" -"	I’m terrified to read the link. That’s my biggest fear since I’m destitute post DX.	I am so sorry, Ms. Heather.	others
8468	"An underrated crisis is YouTube ""recommendation"" algorithms."	Rolling Stone had a piece on how Kyrie Irving changed Cleveland’s middle school science classes	I see............................	others
8469	. It’s not done for me so far. Could you please look in to it. Thank you!	Did u gat amazon prime?	Yes got it.	others
8470	Grab your sunglasses, this post has more Sunshine than a summery beach day! I'm very serious. You may want some sunscreen too.	I have already been tagged and posted a sunshine blogger award, however I will accept your challenge of wits and deliver another post, dedicated to you, likely around the first month of 2019. I need to scheme something special for it. Thank you for thinking of me, LuLu	I look forward to this scheme of yours! (Fun fact, anytime someone calls me Lulu I think of a lost dog poster I saw once with that name)	others
8471	The Aaron Donald + Suh pairing hasn’t lived up to the hype, right?	Suh had 4.5 sacks last year on the dolphins. 5.0 the year before. 6.0 in 2015. Right now he’s at 3.5. Will probably end up between 4.5-5.0. Not sure exactly what was expected. When the edge rush was horrible before Fowler. He’s at the end of his career.	It was just being hyped at the time of the signing that this was gonna be the most dominate line with that pair. It’s only been Donald.	others
8472	Breaking bad and Narcos	Breaking bad was world class	I was gutted when i finished it	others
8473	your shorts are at my house which means we have to hang out soon. Thanks.	This girl is slick, first your shirt, now your shorts	Who’s the slick one?? Because it’s not me telling her to leave her wardrobe	others
8474	It’s gonna take me a lil longer cause I ain’t dick riding or selling my soul lol	stay true to u shawty it’ll all pay off in the end	Facts it will babe!We linkin’ this week fasho	others
8475	new york trip in a nutshell: a homeless man called alec an asshole	LMAO why	he wouldn’t give him money	others
8476	A Personal Tweet It's My Birthday Today And My Birthday Is Already Special Because Mohsin Posted The Instagram Stories  But Momo Jaan , Can I Please Get A B-Day Wish From You, Please Please -Admin	happy birthday to you and stay blessed	Thank You So Much, Means A Lot	others
8477	As an update: SAA leadership contacted me to let me know they were supportive of this idea	Way to go! I've known & worked with quite a few archaeologists who didn't know moderation. Having an alcohol-free meeting place is beneficial in showing you can mingle & chat without the inebriating refreshments.	all I did was tag them on Twitter. Credit goes to those who shared their stories and frustrations.	others
8478	I’m on a conference call and I’m the subject matter expert and idk wtf these people are talking about because im looking at Instagram wow	LOL	They’re like “does that sound realistic Samantha?” And I’m like “yeah I guess” lmaooo	others
8479	Oh and Miguel got NEXT. Miguel that nigga talented.	Nah I think his opportunity to pop may have passed. It seems like he’s never recovered from jump kicking that fan.	Hmm he gonna always be the artist that doesnt get the Bruno mars level of fame but will always drop a guaranteed solid, Grammy worthy project.	others
8480	Man flu!	Is it a man flu if you aren’t a man, though?	Gender neutral flu! In seriousness though and hope you get well soon. I have just started to feel better myself after about three weeks of different things.	others
8481	Do you ever think about how funny it would be if humans ran around after baths like dogs do?	But don’t we	I don’t...	others
8482	Eating Hungry Lion Huh You Might Just Lose Your Pulse & Have Your Heart Stop Beating.	Lol your obsession with 'cheap' things will have you missing out on good shit	Hungry Lion Is 'Good Shit' You Say I Love My Life Bro!	others
8483	i feel like the word choice could have been a little bit better	this is gloriously bad	the prostate is there for a reason!	others
8484	Dream! I love it so much your writing is beautiful thank you for this	thanks so much :’) thanks for taking interest	Of course, it’s a great idea	others
8485	and YOU are BEAUTIFUL! GORGEOUS! LOVING! BEST FRIEND! i love you Kamal, and you inspire so many with your kindness & positivity. keep shining <3	I love you to life Taylor	i love you to life & after life so :P	others
8486	When ur therapist really digs up that deep trauma before you have to go to work and you spend the rest of the day like	Swanson’s is right down the road	You’re the absolute sweetest. I’M OKAY but u can bring me a smooch	others
8487	I'm looking for people to help me get through my bible reading plan in 2019 (Bible in One Year). I tried it in 2018 and by end of April I was skipping days  Small group of less than 10. Hmu if you're down.	I really want	Will create a WA group end of December send me your number by then	others
8488	Don’t know how I could survive without	likewise sister	Like how could someone survive without a holly Quinn in their life?	others
8489	When y’all get bounced out the first Round ??? Ok lol	Y’all be acting like I said we was gonna win a title I said 4-6 seed 2020 we contending for east	Y’all not even competing in 2 years I see more like 2022	others
8490	Richarlison blanking to troll us again	Good joke chief	Truth always sounds like Joke first	others
8491	. SAD!	NOPE not a cult it is called patriotism when we talk about support for our duely elected President! Sorry you don’t like his technique for dealing with the most corrupt, lying, cheating, backstabbing city in the world! Don’t think it should be that way either but when in Rome...	Actually it’s called a cult. Don’t worry you don’t have to defend yourself.when your in a cult they teach you to deny anything from the “outside” tells you.	others
8492	A much needed energy guy at the 4 spot.  Last year Moreland blocked as many shots per game as Deandre (0.8) in less than 13 minutes vs 31. We'll see if he has made some progress offensively in the offseason	I think he's taking Holmes' minutes when Warren comes back.	Holmes has been pretty decent	others
8493	Where's best to buy T Shirts onine I want one BIG & BOLD to wear at a Def Leppard concert on Sat, Any ideas?	!	Thanks	others
8494	Selling the latest Bushiroad Creative's Garupa Square Badges of their in-game emotes for 10USD each, including shipping. Cheaper per piece if you buy more. Measures 37×37mm. Please reply to this thread so people can see which ones have already been taken!	gib my bear and the french fry kid	french fry kid got taken gurl it's only bear left	others
8495	Today's top 30	何位だ？	香椎Y result : 03:34:00.523 (top+0.516) rank : 137 / 518 client : Twitter for iPhone	others
8496	Why am I so sleepy....	You need to caffeinate	I'm on my second cup lol	others
8497	HERE IT IS! Took me most of today.  That piece of white envy based partly on a couple of threads.  Neuroses of whiteness, white envy and racial violence.  Fanon inspired, although a couple of points of departure.  Feedback and views welcome.	I absolutely love race reflections and this is just brilliant! thanks and it would be great to talk more sometime	Thank you and yes, let’s plan a chat in the new year.	others
8498	Smile through the heartbreak	Turn it into art	I will ;)	others
8499	Haven't the Jews suffered enough already?	Having Jewish ancestry and being a Jew are not the same thing. In Latin America everyone probably has some type of Jewish ancestry.	This is true. I have known Jewish ancestors. However, I also don't show up at Hanukkah celebrations and talk about it because I'm not actually a Jew.	others
8500	$100 to anyone who don’t smoke Weed ?	Me cuzzo	Lmao boy you know that’s a no	others
8501	stan aoa	omg what song is this	its their jap debut oh boy	others
8502	91 percent on my Class Piano 1 final, can I get an aw yea	I have my class piano final in like an hour and I promise you it will NOT be as high as a 91	You'll do great!! Lol I thought I did bad honestly so it was a surprise	others
8503	final post: In conclusion: Novaerial potential are huge just a few sales will bring fantastic revenues and margins are bomb diggity for each sale. The rest of the business presents good expansion. I'am deeply satisfied with this conversation. Now we can wait for good NRs	Thanks for the update	You're welcome. I'am pleased that the company is finally heading to a good direction	others
8504	Liquid stranger just got booked at a 500 cap venue here and I’m sooo confused..  He just sold out our biggest venue here.. why the fuck would he get booked again for only a 500 cap one lol..	I was literally so confused when I seen his next show was at the IDL	It doesn’t make any sense lol.. hopefully they change it	others
8505	done! follow me back?	Already noona. Thanks	don't mind it	others
8506	Best cornbread and chilli this side of the Mississippi!! Lol i should open a cooking ranch vacation place. How much fun would that be!!!	I'm a yuge jalapeno cornbread fan. It is Chili season, too. Thx for the inspiration	Ya jalapenos were on sale and chili sounded good!!! Lol	others
8507	Should I work Saturday and Sunday	Ofc !! Cause Money over everything	Yesssss Ming!!! Also especially cause it’s broke season	others
8508	when does mirishita event en d	On the event screen, it shows the event end in your time!	oh does it?? my lazy ass appreciates this	others
8509	In honor of being four days and a semester from graduating Law School.	Make sure you delete all your old insensitive tweets!	Those are only directed at you so I think I’m good!	others
8510	POPPED OFF	KSJDJDJ ONLY TOOK US 50 YEARS	SHHT UP I CANT STAND ANY OF YOU	others
8511	My name is Timmy. My cousin Kinny brought me in to start KinnyCars. We tip everything cars. Time to step on the gas.	You still driving your mom's Malibu?	At least I'm not riding a bike like KinnyTrivia.	others
8512	Niko na power bank hapa inaweza jump start gari. 500,000mAh ...6k pekee	Hii hadi lori inaeza gurumisha my fren... Uko na extra nadai moja...	ziko mob...kam through	others
8513	hey it’s me	KAYYY!!!! U SNAPPED	thank u princess holly	others
8514	1 January 2018 / 10 December 2018. Almost a year of insanely hard work, but I’ve finally got to a stage in my life where I exercise to feel good and not to punish myself. Big thanks to half marathons &	You’re an absolute weapon and such a babe, I am feeling v inspired!	Aww thank you so much, that’s super sweet!	others
8515	Pleaaaase	u want something specially in it?	Put something like a letter K in it please, thanks	others
8516	My throat is almost swollen shut I’m so sick & I don’t even have Tonsils anymore , wtf	awwww poor girl ...its winter time u need to bundle up when going out side or u get sick like this	Yeah I really wanted to Cam this week too	others
8517	A word	They better pay attention	They won’t. But I will.	others
8518	I’m one small inconvenience away from checking myself into a mental hospital	Can u say it louder for the people in the back	IM ONE SMALL INCONVENIENCE AWAY FROM CHECKING MYSELF INTO A MENTAL HOSPITAL	others
8519	Can you go to the doctor with I have nobody to go with? To the ear specialist you know I’m a crybaby	When ??	Nvm I know I’m end up going by myself.. you will be at work.	others
8520	i loved this book. it got pre-empted so we couldn't offer. my boss: Anne, this book is really dark. me: ?  my boss: . . .  me: ok there is that one character who gets burned alive. BUT HE COMES BACK TO LIFE!	burned alive?	but he comes back to life!! i swear!	others
8521	little cutie yoo w a booty yoo	Dasssssss youuuuu	I lovee you sissy	others
8522	It’s Monday, time to load up on podcasts for the week. Why not check out our latest episode about Hart to Hart. It’s a Christmas episode, but it’s the Harts so you know murder is involved.	I had a huge crush on Mrs. Hart! Damn she was fine back then.	I think everyone did. Kids, parents, babysitters. Lol	others
8523	I Just Want To Be A Stay At Home Mom Already	I said I got you	Hurry Up	others
8524	very frightened about my viva tomorrow please send me love and luck i might just have a little cry in the meantime	good luck Prue you amazing creature you	thank u although i think if i run into my viva with a big sword and challenge my professor to a duel, i *might* not pass	others
8525	That awkward moment when you realise you've texted your boss instead of your husband to say you're just home after a tough day at the office...	Could have been worse ;)	That's exactly how he replied!	others
8526	I’m way too damn Nice! Even towards people who don’t deserve it and actually deserve all the bad stuff they go trough. I’m too nice.	Debatable, I can tag at least 3 people you’ve been a douche to	Not if they didn’t deserve it.	others
8527	Today would have marked this incredible guys 87th birthday...... Happy birthday Dad	What a lovely kind face your dad had xxx	Thanks very much Catherine he was a great fun and extremely generous man x	others
8528	To get here I've put my family's security on the line, faced down a Govt wasting huge sums keeping MPs in the dark, stayed aloft of ugly smears by some in the Remain establishment and allegations of financial self-interest from Leave. This is what it costs to do the right thing.	you are my hero mate!	:) thanks Danny.	others
8529	WEIRD BREX BUT OKAY	Eh.	ᵘ ᶠᵘᶜᵏ	others
8530	Close. But gotta go with PND	Nahhh Ty for sure	Nawww ain't nobody touching PND2 . It's close though!	others
8531	three days until graduation and my desire to dropout and become a stripper has yet to leave	tbh	LMFAO me as a stripper bc im shy :/	others
8532	i wonder how you just forget that i do this	i will never forget again.	fashooooooo	others
8533	Many people are guessing Ian Senior. What do you think	I was just discussing this... I am thinking she confides in Ian Sr. .. I love that idea	He’s so solid, great character.	others
8534	Who's the ghetto?? Me	I can't believe you still don't like shoes.	This meme is sending me THE GHETTO	others
8535	In today's blog, I separate the paper tigers from the real bears, and cover all the latest news affecting XRP!	I’m long on XRP and refuse to take realized losses on an opportunity that only comes around so few times in life. As the price gets lower, I keep buying more. I’m not sure if it is smart or stupid, but I guess I’ll answer to myself in 5 years.	"Very well said! ""I refuse to take realized losses on an opportunity that only comes around so few times in life."""	others
8536	If you dnt know my first MCM's name, or you never saw this series We are not mates..	Zoro ooooooo!	... Yessss o!	others
8537	The Dam is beautiful this time of year.	Love that second pic!! Great photos!! Must get up and see this winter!!	You should. It’s a great place to take pics any time of year, but especially fall and winter.	others
8538	This is a strong signal folks that we could be in for a cold (and maybe snowy) start to the New Year in January and February...	This is not new, every Jan and Feb is cold and snowy. Bet on it.	Ha! I guess everything is relative. Compared to every July, then yes, every January and February are cold.	others
8539	Sharing fondue (i.e. melted cheese on stale baguette) with my 8yo this evening. Child: “This is the closest thing we have to a family dinner.” Me: “You’re right. We should do this more often.” Child: “No! I prefer to eat alone and read.”	She's literally the best	She is! And I’m not just saying that because she’s essentially me but smaller.	others
8540	yes.	All that ass just THERE, EXISTING	jimin's ass is having the time of his life	others
8541	Blue Brown shadow: palette  Blue shadow: 'Sparkling Holiday Metallic Eyeshadow' in '04 All of Blue' Inner corner: 'mini masquerade' palette in 'Giza' Lashes:	That blue though!	Incredible isn't it?! When I saw it I knew I needed it in my life... Plus it looks just as beautiful in the packaging!	others
8542	Yo...what happened to Sonic?	i’m afraid his body looks SO WEIRD	Right? It totally looks weird. I’m getting a Teen Wolf vibe from this. Lol	others
8543	When the neighbor invited us to church last night I should have mentioned the Trump sign.  Ah well. I do have to live near them indefinitely.	What’s the Trump sign?	Oh, one of his election signs. They put it out in the yard the day after the Access Hollywood tape came out.	others
8544	Is it just me, or are beer glasses like this awful? (the beer is very good, it's the vessel which offends)	It’s you Dave, I love mine!	nah s'rubbish! :)	others
8545	Why isn’t male empowerment a thing	Because men always calling each other pussy whenever a nigga get sensitive	I agree.  I empower my friends, always tell em how great they are	others
8546	How you gonna ask a guy you don’t know to drop you home?	We still on this	I didn’t get to tweet about it the other day	others
8547	Dang, rip to lil Noah	Which Noah	Its a boy that live in indianapolis	others
8548	b e s t f r i e n d	You two are adorable love you both	we love you too :))	others
8549	When you just want to sleep in peace....	My cat rattles the blinds at 2 am without fail	That would get annoying real quick haha.	others
8550	I’ve been “answering” calls *from* the toy phone on my cellphone for weeks as “Dr. Dad” to attend to various doll ailments.... I might need to be the villain this week to introduce the reality of American healthcare (and for my sanity)	did you tweet this at 4am eastern time? are you on-call, “doctor?”	Something like that	others
8551	Profile description update	what could it be??? :thinking:	Added a turret to my profile that shoots any cryptofascists that try to read my tweets	others
8552	What a joy and a privilege it was to welcome some of the senior residents of our local community to Netherlee today for the annual Christmas Tea Party, hosted by Primary 5. Well done and thank you to the children and staff who made it possible!	It was a great experience for our patients from the New Victoria..A great time was had by all. Thanks so much to the children and teachers	You are all so welcome - thank you for coming and very best wishes from us for a happy festive season!	others
8553	just remembered Helen Flanagan is on celebrity catchphrase tommorow	Could be amusing!	Also enjoyed Shona being the match maker between Nick and Leanne. Kate really needs to tell Rana her and Roberts plan keeping it a secret wont be good for anyone. I dld like Imran finding out about the plan and warning Kate big brother Imran is cute ^_^.	others
8554	Breaking: Britain has a defence strategy.	If only they had someone competent enough to work out where the computer on button is.	All the Windows 98 experts have retired.	others
8555	i love an excuse to post selfies ship me w marvel characters (or anyone tbh im in a couple fandoms)	you and thor would be so powerful	ahhh thank u sm i love hIM	others
8556	Theo is going Punisher mode.	*snatches bryce, Ottavino, lowrie, and trades off monty, Q, and happ for Kluber* Us:	I don't think the Cubs would be trying to move money if they didn't think they had a shot.	others
8557	Unpopular opinion: The Lion King is a Christmas movie.	"I thought it was a Hanukkah movie. Like the song says ""Hanukkah Matattah"". I'll let myself out..."	This is quite a hot take.	others
8558	Day one of my journalism fellowship and it feels good to say that I’m finding my “why” as I write.  So excited to be here.	Proud of you	Thanks boo. Love you SOOOO much.	others
8559	Life right now...	Lemsip IS lovely :)) Get well soon Missy Y, at least you have 2 weeks to recover for Christmas xx	Lemsip IS NOT lovely! But Thank you Xx	others
8560	just got hung up.on in middle conversation very great customer service , all I asked are u even listening , can't wait for the survey on how that call went .. fuming	Hi Tammy. What were you contacting us about? Please DM us your number so we can feed this back internally.	I did	others
8561	I’ve been seeing more anti-NPSL and anti-NPSL PRO rhetoric from UPSL-types. Can everyone just chill and let things actually progress? There’s some hot heads that need to shut up.	I think ultimately the two leagues are well positioned to work together with some minor changes. UPSL working more closely with the amateur side of things &NPSL working yo move teams into Pro level & paid players	I’m hopeful but whatever the end result, it’s going to take both sides being willing to work together.	others
8562	Li’l project for daughter’s	This is so precious! Happy and proud for our Weeshu and next generation. They will carry this spirit forward Inshallah.	Inshallah!Thanks a bunch Sabu! Isn’t it of paramount importance to know a person’s roots, especially for kids with foreign-born parents? It helps form an identity. Good thing is, in today’s world, I can be an American (in your case, Canadian) & a Bangladeshi at the same time!	others
8563	To all you Labour luvvies enjoying Dennis Skinner today, you do know that he has been a hardcore since 1974 - he's from the East Midlands, Mining family 2 miles away from my own and by your own logic a vile stupid, backward racist	It's possible to enjoy what someone says and still disagree with them	I don't know, it depends what you are enjoying and why.	others
8564	Show a mfer you care they take it for granted never explaining myself again to a bitch	Ohhhhh	Yea periodt !	others
8565	I've been working full time for almost 30 years. I've never called in sick once. I used to be proud of that but the older I get the more I realise that it means I put myself second to my job so many times. I don't think I can change at this point but damn I wish I could.	You deserve a polkaroo day	I do, hopefully soon.	others
8566	Last pic before leaving house. अब तो अगले साल बक़रीद में ही मिलन होगा. I miss my parents, my family, my house and my country . I love everyone...	Kab ja rahay ho bhai...?	Today 9 p.m	others
8567	LEAKED SONIC MOVIE CONCEPT ART!!! Courtesy of, oh I don't know, I'm gong to say DeviantArt?	I want to have so many abs that my pecs look like more abs	maybe you can print this out and post it onto your vision board like I did	others
8568	one of the buttons on my back pack fell off and I’m so sad about it ): also very confused since it wasn’t even loose?? I hope I lost it in my room and not at school	My backpack	sorry bud ): idk what happened to your backpack	others
8569	I put money into my account today at the bank and I’ve just checked my account and it hasn’t gone in!? I have no receipt as I’ve never had this probably before. How long till it goes in? Usually it’s instant	Hi Alien, I am sorry its not yet showing in your account. Can you confirm the amount, how it was paid in and the time? Feel free to DM. JP	I’ve sent a DM thank you!	others
8570	Heartbroken. Disappointed. Sad. Angry. Hurt. Overwhelmed by emotions.	And as always I’m here for you	Thanks for being there through the whirlwind of the cause behind these emotions. Thanks for reminding me to always be hopeful even if the outcome isn’t what I hoped for. Love you	others
8571	All salt weighs the same, that's why you salt by weight when fermenting. It's denser though due to shape.	Isn't it just a lot easier to control the quantity of a bigger crystal than firing a billion little ones out of a shaker?	100%, that's why I use Diamond Kosher for most of my salting, just clarifying a point. If you're using a scale, it mostly doesn't matter what salt you use	others
8572	Where on	We have a battery recycle station under the TV screen when you enter Rivera! I just used it myself the other day :)	Yay thank you! I thought I saw one in there, but wasn't sure.	others
8573	Today's top 30	びゃ	るーと result : 03:34:00.405 (top+0.398) rank : 117 / 518 client : Twitter for iPhone	others
8574	I’m gonna be LIVID if the Reds do something during my French final	lol like that's gonna happen	Annnnnddddd it didn’t really	others
8575	Your girl has stopped going to counselors, has her mental health improved greatly and is learning how to love herself as days pass by. It’s a slow process but it’s a steady one with your words to encourage me.	Please stay healthy love..  We all have ups and downs please stay strong and never give up..  Life is a journey you have to climb  And you will shine like a star  That all will be proud of..	Thank you so much. I love you so much	others
8576	"When you go to the doctor's office expecting the ""you've got pnuemonia"" but end up instead ""you lost weight"" and ""your lungs are clear so far! good job"". Weird feelings. lol"	“You lost weight” uh presumably because you were very ill, why do doctors do this	Right? I know what to look for in symptoms, and yeah my weight loss is a goal thing for me but like... uh... I've been sick. Can we deal with that first. lol	others
8577	I feel like 2019 gonna be my year. But that’s what i said about this year.	Bitch it’s gonna our year idc, let’s conquer	Let’s do this shit.	others
8578	PASS WITH MERIT - I cannot believe what I have achieved. I have a Masters. I am crying, but for once they are happy tears.	Congratulations and a huge WELL DONE!!!	Thanks, been smiling all day	others
8579	Khana annee legui 6mois la	Del bayi mouy dial waye	No li fo gnou wakh chi	others
8580	True religion is validated by reasonable proof and scientific evidence and is acceptable by mind . The miracles of the Koran and the Sunna that prove the validity of Islam 1-  2-  3-	Interestingly, islamic countries lag way behind in scientific advance. How come? I mean, if the koran is so scientifically accurate and true?	Return to history to know the influence of Islam and Muslims on the world and how their civilization and universities Andalusia attracted sons of kings and nobles that when they applied the teachings and ethics of Islam . 1 -  2-	others
8581	my most played song in 2018 on Spotify is nirvana!	Said who	Spotify b	others
8582	Reminder that the same people who tell you to have fun and stay single in your 20s become ageist af when you’re in your 30s	"I feel like it goes from ""stay single!"" to ""why aren't you married yet?"""	“Don’t you WANT to settle down?”	others
8583	Friday Butler Vs Erie McDowell  Saturday First Love vs Kennedy Catholic  Sunday Steelers Vs Patriots	Can i come to first love game saturday?	Yeah yup training tonight Swissvale	others
8584	Ahahahaha boy I’ve been seeing for over two months told me he has no money to come see me rn due to Christmas and I’ve just seen his snap story of him going into town with another girl ok time for me to lose 7 stone and get a haircut, thanks hun x	in the BIIIN. Thank u, next	Damn right sis and non recyclable so glad I’m spreading the inspo and the binning of all useless people has begun lysm x	others
8585	We are enormous	And 7000 of them arriving the day before ..New Years Eve in Blackpool	If you own an amusement arcade over there, that would be a great time to tune the bandits into 40% pay out.	others
8586	I was walking to my crib and I heard something crying and I found a fucking baby doggo by my car lmaooo ; I brought her in and idk what to do boyz	Aww wrap her up in a blanket or put on a little sweater on her so she doesn’t feel naked	I bought her one . She’s cozy until I find her owner if not I’m keeping her	others
8587	Did you know the girl who plays Scarlett Witch (Avengers) is an Olsen? As in older sibling to the Olsen Twins.. Oso the dude who played Quicksilver was Kick-Ass. Yup. As in Kick Ass	I think she younger than the twins	Word? Damn. I thought she was older	others
8588	Scobby Rott	He was the only outwardly Trumpist Red Sox. (Obviously all white bullpen guys are Trumpist, but i think he was alone in being on the record)	shockingly the Reds have a white reliever who isn't a MAGA freak in Jared Hughes	others
8589	Hello I'm looking for volunteers who wants to write my mask test You need: -German skills -a few mathskills -a good readable handwriting Please help a dumb girl out	Well I'd help you since i'm german and quite good at math but my handwriting is the worst I always get comments about how bad it is	I wish yoi could help me but my math teacher is so strict like:can't read it? 0 points or a lot of comments :( and I'm actually so bad at math oh man	others
8590	Phil Foden has agreed to rot in the Man City reserves for the next six years	Is he any good? Gets hyped up but not really seen much of him and when i have he aint been all that	Haven't seen too much of him either ngl	others
8591	If you see me eating hot Cheetos at 10 am, mind ur business	why is this me	LMFAOOO glad to know I’m not alone	others
8592	istg if i had money i’d book a hotel room just for me to sleep and stay there alone for 3 days with no contact from the outside	a hotel without me?	yes i need peace	others
8593	The darker the night, the brighter the stars, The deeper the grief, the closer is God! Good Night Shilpa and Shilpa Fam  Sweet Dreams	Awesome bro	Thank u sis	others
8594	Hey there, tweeted out that he thought that the last console booster packs for Binding of Isaac would be out two weeks ago. What gives? We want to give you money! Any update at all? Give us some crumbs!	The boosters are free, we are just waiting on approval now	Thanks buddy. Much appreciated.	others
8595	Day three of having a fever and laying in bed doing nothing. Well I just wish that this is some kind of process of transformation.	Hope you feel better soon	Thank you ^^	others
8596	thank you for being an angel and for making me that playlist, you’re so sweet! i know you didn’t ask, but i made you one back  maria	Omg wow you’re an angel I’m crying	it’s nothing, it was a pleasure! i hope it’s okay, enjoy	others
8597	I've done my rehab exercises this afternoon but I'm still really sore from the party on Saturday for Dad in Law. I have been trying to finish my Christmas cardmaking but I'm done in. Time to 'Just breathe', relax and hopefully sleep well later Wishing you all a nice evening	Make sure you rest up & relax sweetheart. Lots of love xxx	Thanks so much lovely. Hope you're OK. Did you get a doctors appointment?	others
8598	Having a really interesting day working with	yer mans not impressed	He was such a lovely man.	others
8599	Given my previous tweet about Trump's lying:	Please send me your tweets about Trump’s lying and then let’s meet for tea in Victoria. I can’t seem to find any such tweets. I am so angry today. I was raised evangelical until my eyes, intellect, opened at the tender age of 12. I began to question and was shut down.	Here’s what I referred to:	others
8600	On god if you ain’t go to central ion wanna hear ya answer	It’s just that simple. Ya central niggas not it	I said it’s 1 idc lol	others
8601	Hey ? She is a big fan otherwise!	Bernie Sanders tells us to be environmentally conscious, then he spends 300k on private air travel. In one month. I applaud and encourage his lifestyle, however I don't think it's fair to say one thing and do the other . What's your take?	It's a distraction from the real issues. has a lot of low hanging fruit that we can deal with. We can invest in renewable energy and power storage systems, install a carbon tax and electric mass transit system. If Bernie votes for that, then I'm cool.	others
8602	How high	How much XRP drops do you need your local fiat to be in order to achieve your goals?	A lot!	others
8603	*angerly scrubs the tears from her eyes* F*ck you, Azalea... Just...f*ck you...	I don’t know what the fuck is going on between you and but this shit needs to stop!	I WISH I KNEW!	others
8604	here is the U.S?	Yes, we do, but keep in mind that AT&T is no longer offering 2G services and T-mobile is on its way to not supporting either. We recommend you double check which device you would like purchase as well as which service provider are you planning to use.	So you offer any 3G or 4G feature phones? If so where can I find them?	others
8605	Me thinking about all the snacks  (Dole Whip is my Bae)	I got locked out of my Twitter but I’m back	How does that happen?	others
8606	"Should the time I was locked out of my The Old Republic account on release because I'd answered the security questions when drunk during pre-registration. Favourite TV Show? ""Whoops My Dingo"". Favourite person from history? Take a wild stab in the dark..."	Mr. N Edmonds?	I would've chosen him sober.	others
8607	I'm sorry. I don't understand the appeal of post-rock.	Boy, let me learn you.	I’m afraid.	others
8608	إن عزة النفس هي عبارة عن نقطة . نعم انها نقطة ينتهي عندها الف صديق وألف الف حبيب . لذلك من الواجب أن لانستهين أو نستغل او نتجاهل مشاعر منحت لنا من أحدهم  مساء الاهتمام ...	Naife merhaba	Hi my friend	others
8609	At 22 I was raped by my tour guide on a solo backpacking trip in Australia. Two months later I boarded a plane to New Zealand alone and did it all again. What has happened to	Thank you for sharing. Love you, Faye. <3	Thank you love	others
8610	You love African men & I love you for it.	You dey funny me, you and Maame all	I love am. Help me tell am	others
8611	Ik tou sb ko honey moon py janay k liye murre hi mila hai	Tm bta do kahan jna chahiye	Thora upgrade ho.k hunza gilgit swat	others
8612	Better than what I’m having	You having air?	Oxygen is the technical term yes.. oh and a side of h2o	others
8613	Ayudadme a hacer make plssss	hello! i can make your campaign, can u make mine?	Done! :)	others
8614	Looks like Spider-Man Noir almost	the only thing i don’t like about this is the exposed fingers... wearing a stealth suit and gonna get ya damn fingerprints all over the place?	We’re supposed to overlook things like this I think lmfao	others
8615	Are there more sons?	Ha.a you stuck with us wena lol	Kusta wena vele when I go to the Dangotes you’ll come with me....in case of emergency	others
8616	Nak tengok belon tak? Tekan profile I huhu	woi pibeday nurin!!	Macehhh iz!! Have a nice dayyy	others
8617	i miss dbsk...	I am going down the dbsk hole right now because of you	im dragging yall with me	others
8618	"I know Americans don't use the word ""toque"" but when you call them ""knit caps"" it sounds so oddly generic, like calling a frisbee a ""novelty flying disc."""	I've always called it that but never actually saw it spelled before. Thank you for showing me that ^^	"I think I've seen it spelled ""touque"" and ""tuque"" too, and it's only been recently I've actually seen the spelling, too!"	others
8619	I’m crying because I have baby fever so bad and I know I can’t ever have one and I’m broken I must be PMSing lmaooooo	You can come over and hold Tye anytime you want	I have PCOS and I also have varicose veins that surround my uterus. I know some girls with PCOS can but not meee. And PLEASE. I need baby loving	others
8620	Can I	lmao. keep on dreaming!	Wooooooooooooooooooooooow that's crazyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy	others
8621	𝐰𝐞 𝐬𝐩𝐞𝐧𝐝 𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐲𝐬 𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐬𝐮𝐧 𝐰𝐞 𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐠, 𝐰𝐞 𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐠	WHY WOULD YOU ATTACK THE WHOLE WORLD LIKE THIS	PLEASE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH	others
8622	"Bercow's vile little mug when he intervened to ""assure"" Andrea Leadsom makes me want to chuck up."	He’s a rude and disrespectful dwarf	He had a run-in with Leadsom a while back. He just made it clear he still has an issue.	others
8623	Good Afternoon  Can I DM you instead about the questions I intend asking you? I trust your day has been lovely so far.	Yeah please DM me, its easier	I can't DM you except you follow me back, that's the only way the DM button will be accessible.	others
8624	Why would a black man who played as a women get props? Wtf	I'm talking about all his roles! He's been in way more movies than these two!	Ok ok I see what your saying	others
8625	:(	hey! kenapaaaa?	thoughts	others
8626	Baby Gilchrist Due July 2019	so so so happy for you both!!	Thank you	others
8627	I actually felt like a MILF tonight	You all looked cute then there's me who looked like a mess because all my cute clothes are still packed somewhere	It was the same outfit I wore to hubs work party	others
8628	my home.move hasn't gone to plan, I need some help please ...	I'm sorry to see this Andy, can you please send me a PM? ^PE	Hi eventually got through to Andy at your call centre who was a brilliant help!	others
8629	Can I bulk upload my Garmin activities to FinalSurge?	We're currently working on adding bulk uploading to our platform. Unfortunately, that feature won't be available until some time in 2019.	I saw you can download some of my garmin activities - Can you download more days for me (like a year or more)?	others
8630	Last day out in LA. Guess I HAVE to get drunk.	Get some elote and some fish tacos and send pics so I can live vicariously through you	Lmao I did that already.	others
8631	funniest shit I’ve seen all day	Did I say something wrong?	They cheat, more because they stay too far for anyone to be like ima pull up. They can’t get caught	others
8632	I’ve lost 20 pounds since i started working at a restaurant in September, who needs the gym when you have attilios	I dropped 15 when I started literally always moving	And picking up buss bins and shitit’s a real work out	others
8633	Today's top 30	人生とは	やまD result : 03:34:00.692 (top+0.685) rank : 158 / 518 client : Twitter for iPhone	others
8634	Ne biliyim dertler üst üste gelince boyum uzamadı	Ah gardasim benim	8dyx8dx5t8dxp fp fpfy yf ğpxfpdx	others
8635	That’s because he’s a gritty, underrated work-horse. First guy in the gym and last one out. Big locker room guy	?	Read between the lines V! is following	others
8636	What would you name a comic book shop?	Visual Readers. One of my favorite things about comics is that they're sorta picture books, but not just for kids. As a visual learner who started to like reading by first reading comics, it's important to remind people that reading comics is real reading.	Yea I like that	others
8637	Found my wife. Gotta go social media. Hit my snap for dody lmao.	Can I still catch you on cod???	For brief periods of time w potential afk from time to time	others
8638	I hate mondays because everyone is super tired so no one entertains me at night	am i not entertaining?	it's not night yet!! you'll be sleeping by then	others
8639	its my birthday	Happy birthday!!	thnx	others
8640	Listen people	You're welcome for wrinkly iron Man hahaha Happy birthday sis	I'm gonna eat him anyways, who cares? HAHAHAHHAHAH	others
8641	Rt if 2018 has been the shittiest year of your life	*so far	Heyy .. Dont say that.. Im hopeful	others
8642	Riverdale has become the dumbest show ever, yet here I am, still watching it.	But it’s so good lol	it’s such a good dumb show LOL	others
8643	Working against themselves - very dumb!	Precisely	Tracey: Such a waste. Macron was just trying to help them and they did not realize that. Now the costs will be on them. A no- win situation.	others
8644	"i thought it said ""but ends up falling in love with himself"" and i was like ""sounds legit uhu"""	That sounds like a beautiful story :( self-love is a beautiful gift	i'd fall in love with myself too if i was myungsoo tbh	others
8645	Update: decided that I'm going to troll homophobic woman. Ideas?	Send her gifts from a special admirer and make sure she knows it's another female.	She's not smart enough to figure that one out.	others
8646	one of my snails laid eggs. who did it. fess up. (it was snello)	Congratulations on the future snail-grandma ness	thank you very much! I will love all my slimy grandchildren	others
8647	Never done this before (and probably never will again) but we really need help! Can I please ask for a retweet/share to help support our battle? Drone footage revealing the scale of the problem can be viewed here.	Do you have a link to more information?	Absolutely. Check the FB page which has recently been set up also did a piece on it last Friday (link on the page). Any support is going to be so very gratefully received, thank you x	others
8648	Gonna learn Palutena for the instant transmissions	Looks OP don't do that to me	can't, not good enough	others
8649	I’m going to watch both halves of tonight. I’m already bracing myself for the Oliver Queen disrespect that’s coming my way.	Oliver being funny af makes up for the pain.	I kind wanna see him and Candice act together. I read a tweet last night that said something about Oliver being the daddy of the universe and I really liked that.	others
8650	Come to ATTD 2019 to learn about the latest research in New Insulin Analogues and Devices, Focused on Diabetic Preventions. Register before 18 December to save:	Eagerly looking forward to the next biggest diabetes technologies meeting. All the best for ATTD and you	We are also looking forward to meeting you in Berlin! We've prepared a really exciting scientific program for our participants!	others
8651	Touch and Icebox were a long time ago lol	It is a JOKE.	I .... knew that? Lol	others
8652	Byron Leftwich ain’t it, y’all.	Ain't the problem? Correct.	Ain’t the solution, either.	others
8653	iPhone 7plus is the greatest iPhone of all time if we keeping it 100	So vele screw 8plus?	It’s not as innovative my boy	others
8654	I mean just look at how pretty those jerseys look	Bro these jerseys are sick I'm not sure why Smart doesn't allow the players to wear during home games. Having these jerseys are just like having an antique car and only show them during special occasions.	Homecoming would be a great place to start wearing them	others
8655	There’s moments like these. Rare and far between but they matter!	Let’s work on it happening more often.	I’m with it!	others
8656	you guys voted for freddie, so here it is! a wip	It’s so fucking good	THANK YOU SO MUCH	others
8657	I am about to GRIND THE SHIT OUTTA THIS	12-24 hrs	24 hours is a go	others
8658	I bought two energy drinks this morning so watch out	She about to be on that level	I am going hyperspeed rn	others
8659	Sick with worry about . Not knowing what happened makes it so much worse.	Right? As a number of people have pointed out, there has been no coverage or follow-up on the Deadspin awards, which is weird. I respect his and his family’s privacy, but not knowing sucks.	Yeah it's making me assume the worst, which is a bummer.	others
8660	I quit the church a long time ago, but it looks like they're finally making some changes I can suppport	Priests RAPE altar boys and don't get arrested. Love the hypocrisy.	Hell, most of them never even have to feel public accusations	others
8661	how do I become friends with you..you’re whole “twitter group” looks lit — Just talk to us :~)	It ain’t that fuckin easy because 0% of you fuckin reply	I do wth	others
8662	My twitter family: Parents:  Spouse:  Children:  via  .	hi parent	Ur my son who's older then me	others
8663	What kind of fuckery is this Bye Facebook	It's been years since i haven't used it, I'm glad Fuck Facebook	tbh i just wonder if i can still be on messenger without a fb profile bc if so im deleting that fucking thing and not even looking back (i just go on fb like, once per week to see if i missed something vaguely important)	others
8664	uba let me help you	Lmao I don’t know if I trust your middle man skills. Remember fill up, that man didn’t even come to me smh	hayi i did what i was meant to do	others
8665	The darker the night, the brighter the stars, The deeper the grief, the closer is God! Good Night Shilpa and Shilpa Fam  Sweet Dreams	Fantastically stunning edit..love it	Thank u	others
8666	GOOD VIBES ALERT fuck what anybody has to say no other club is doing this on a SUNDAY . I Love Columbus	You goofy	Bro I was having a good time	others
8667	Hot vimto...	Oh heyyyyy	Oh eaaaasy vimto! Big up for being a purple drink... invented in Manchester!	others
8668	Their dance before they enter the basement	Fa' why	Your fave arab is going to be problematic again	others
8669	You know you’re an adult when rather than just appreciate a fantastic Christmas light display on someone’s house, you can’t help but think ‘damn, their electricity bill will be high this month’	LOL that's me! Especially when I see the ones in Haughton near Stafford!  We have quite a few, but half of them are batter ones. So it's only costing us an extra 12p a day in electric, and a dozen duracell batteries for the month!	That’s not so bad than, cheaper than I’d have thought!	others
8670	If this is gonna be a persistent problem I'll legitimately go insane the mask is about to come off	I find it extremely unlikely if not to say impossible that it is a persistent issue. It sounds like a classic work out injury to me. Nevertheless, see a doctor, and ice that shit. (ice, not anything else)  dont worry about it.	Lots of weird stuff about this, most of all the fact that ut didnt become noticeable if it was there before until the break Yeah gonna see a doc and go easy this week	others
8671	I should stop doing the countdown because they're not going to debut them in 2018 are they	have hope u fucker	listen if renjun isnt in it I'm going to be pouty, and if he is and that's why he has schedules during 14-17th december, then that's too late for them to debut in december anyway	others
8672	ESPN still does recruiting lmaoooooo	Why is that funny, Chandler.	Because ESPN has maybe a tenth of the recruiting scouts as other sites?	others
8673	I picked out our family pajamas this year	What’s the color this time?	The kiddos got elf sets and the parents got Santa sets	others
8674	If you answer my tweet, I will buy subway today instead of Wendy’s.	HELLO	alrighty looks like i’m going to subway after school, y’all have great subs	others
8675	Guess I could wrap some gifts if imma just be in the house	or go to the liquor store for me	They closed... I think	others
8676	Him: Hey Me:	Had something similar happen, guy at half price books had an anxiety attack, I felt so bad for him	Oh no, hope he’s okay.	others
8677	i honestly having a feeling she won't release Europe dates till she's almost done touring in North America	she won’t.	how do you know she's not going to release them before she tours here	others
8678	I've no doubt Burna Boy's management must have engaged Influencers. What's this sudden love?	Not exactly. He has had a great year with an album that has some nice hit songs. Ye was topping charts outside Naija (some thanks to Kanye) and man has been consistent over the years, on his tracks and features. Influencers helped, yes, but a good product is easier to sell.	I totally agree he's had such a good year. But man this show of love is...well check out the handles tweeting about him.	others
8679	I'm keen to make as much publicity for myself out of this as possible	PS better not get yourself a McDonald's breakfast on the way in case somebody sees you	I wasn't at Maccies today actually.	others
8680	Tracking Numbers: We’ve seen some issues for UK standard delivery where tracking may incorrectly show that your parcel has already been delivered. We are working to fix this! Please refer to your dispatch email & tracking will update within 48hrs. Apologies for any confusion.	Could you please check my DM? Thanks	Hi there, thanks for your message! I have now responded to your DM. Thanks, Alan	others
8681	@ all my make up junkies , what’s the best setting powder for baking	Too faced is the best!!!! I LOVE IT SO MUCH	I read the reviews on it and it said it’s so good but has flash back	others
8682	Even after 18 years there are still things in Oxford I haven’t seen before.	Whereabouts is it?	Brewer St, just down from Campion Hall (which is where I was visiting and why I was in the vicinity).	others
8683	Why are we footing the bill for glorified participation trophies for traitors?	So we remember never to have brother fight brother again. So we remember the cost. You want another Civil War? Tear down the monuments and consign study of it to the dustbin of history.	"Germany does a fine job remembering to not be genocidal again without ""monuments"" to Hitler/Goebbels/Himmler/etc."	others
8684	anyone: *breaths* nat: sksks	Why is this so accurate	anyone: *breathes* bailey: i want to fight someone	others
8685	Hey folks... I'm on a new episode of .. enjoy yours today.	Wow. Enjoy!	Thanks... She looks fabulous doesn't she... Hope	others
8686	I celebrate myself today as God made it possible for me to see another year. Happy Birthday day to me .	Happy Birthday Man Many more years Looking Sharp!	Thanks chike. ..Bless up.. I wan be like you	others
8687	Is It Friday Yet SHELL 2.0	WE HAVE TO LINK UP PLS	That’s a bet	others
8688	Today is my last day of class. Ever.	Congrats bro	Thanks dawg	others
8689	This week needs to be over already	can’t wait to see ur cute ass	Really all I’m looking forward too	others
8690	Why is applying for masters so fucking expensive?	I thought Germany offered a lot of Masters courses for free?	They do but you have to pay to apply in many cases. You also need a lot of certificates (TOEFL/TestDaF/GRE) each costs around 130ish. And sending papers by DHL costs 45 JDs فبتطلع دافع فوق ال٥٠٠	others
8691	Goosebumps	It’s bad	Unfortunately it is.... whoa was good tho	others
8692	ya girl is finally licensed !!	Congrats sis!!!! NOW WE CAN ROADTRIPPPPPPPPPP	yess !!! so excited	others
8693	he finally got to do his cheesy-cool intro	gonna say right now: im 150% sure aelin would have rocked that dress better than hildibrand did	you are probably absolutely right and i am quite tempted right now	others
8694	I’m tired of forcing friendships/relationships. Sometimes you have to just be friendly and loving from a distance.	Right	Ever had to force one with you bro. You have always been consistent in my life. I miss our fellowship. We are going to get even closer in 2019	others
8695	Qui fait mieux?	la déclaration se fait à	Amen.	others
8696	the way you lot talk about frank ocean... I can't tell if it's just an ongoing joke or something, do people actually think he's that good?	what does this mean? Are you saying he’s dead or he’s overrated?	overrated, he's defo not a bad artist but to me I find a lot of his music just underwhelming	others
8697	This is how they spin what should be obvious: Bernie was more popular than Clinton and therefore would have won. Clinton voters put Trump in office, not Bernie voters.	"In the '70s Gabriel Kolko wrote that the ""gap between all the dimensions of American reality"" and the official outlook ""was perhaps the most astonishing dissociation between reality and theory ever produced in a nominally literate society."" What would he say today?"	Good question. I'm wondering about the dissociation's rate of acceleration and whether we can hope that it'll self-destruct.	others
8698	Someone said “lock me up instead” after hearing that Ty $ might get 15 years in prison and I felt that. Say what you want about that man but he is a solid R&B artist and excels on features.  It’s a sad day	I’m distraught. WHO WILL MAKE THE CLUB BANGERS? Who will slide on the track with a feature so fire it makes your ears burn a lil???	Girl idk who will at this point. I'm hurt about it!	others
8699	all i want in life is to have yoongi spray me with water :((	ok but why is this so fucking hot	it’s his aggressiveness that man got me so whipped for him	others
8700	I honestly just want to know why nysc officials strive to be mean, rude and useless. Like what joy do they derive from raising their cortisol levels for no reason?	See if nysc officials are meant to man the gate of heaven,I go jejely enter Hell cos those people are something else.	please don’t run from heaven	others
8701	6th member of 5th harmony	Hahaha i like this guy BUT WHO TF DID THIS	some guy trynna make the world a better place	others
8702	dry your eyes mate	Need a five guys to recover	We will sort one out for you at the weekend lad	others
8703	Hey EDM Twitter, you got room for one more? I even make music...	Welcome to thaaaa fammm	Getting a distributor soon so hopefully I can do Spotify and Apple Music instead of being limited to SoundCloud.	others
8704	Good Night	Itani jaldi Suraj kayi aur se Nikla ta kya aaj?	Aaj cricket tournament khelne gya tha.. tired	others
8705	This closet homosexual gets more subversive by the day	Video likely exists of him blowing Wyand minutes after making a knuckle sandwich for his wife.	"I dont think wyand leaves his house, hes too busy being a dm pervert with ""trad women"""	others
8706	HELLO HANI	HELLO, SEULGI. WHY ARE YOU SO FORMAL.	if i was formal i would go around and call you miss	others
8707	imagine being bestfriends with a cancer & Aquarius while me being Scorpio	Forget my ass	You in a different category	others
8708	The only schools that make any sort of sense for the Big East all have obstacles. UConn with football. Gonzaga with location. And Notre Dame is just not leaving the ACC.	Wish they’d add Dayton	I like rivalry games but Dayton would be the 10th best program in the Big East. They don’t make the big east better	others
8709	If you play a stretch and a glass, a shot creator and a glass, a post and a glass, a post and a lock or a stretch and a post. You are trash and shouldn’t be playing NBA 2K19. You also ruined 2K. Leave the community	my guy you’ve played 2s with ur stretch and a glass tons of times	The fact that you didn’t catch the sarcasm is bad	others
8710	My brother is a better Lyons  than me	Why?	Because sometimes my friends steal my phone and tweet slanderous lies.	others
8711	{\___/} (••) / >you want deez lips? {\___/} (••) < \ go to my Instagram  check out my fav lipsticks that make for great stocking stuffers	Lmao narz, love it xD	{\___/} (nn) / ><| aww shucks. thanks	others
8712	does anyone know where i can order these ( international shipping )	order them through koreanbuddy!!!! you’ll save A LOT on shipping & they’re v trustworthy!!!! i bought an RJ and Cooky using them and i couldn’t recommend them more	thank you so much!! you saved a life	others
8713	I try not to tweet how I’m REALLY feeling. But y’all love putting porn on my TL	I need a burner account at this point	I was honestly considering making one today	others
8714	"People are really upset about the radio not playing ""Baby, It's Cold Outside"" but really who is still listening to the radio?"	Don't a lot of people still listen to the radio in the car?	Am I showing my aux cable/bluetooth privilege?!?!?!	others
8715	Under the sea, Under the sea, That whopper was minging, My guts are singing, And I need to wee!	I really need to go buy a sandwich or something.	Very good!	others
8716	it’s been 30 minutes	Legally you’re allowed to leave	but it’s our final so idk what to do	others
8717	Every time Jojo says anything about a girl group that isn’t Red Velvet I feel like it’s truly a win for the gays	it came on in my spotify and i almost swerved	Your mind	others
8718	I wonder how long Brayden Point will hold on the top scoring spot.	I’m guessing this is a down year for noise for Crosby.	I guess? I find it's best to pay no attention to things that don't matter.	others
8719	Thanks buddy.	Awesome picture, where can I buy that T-shirt??	Thanks! I had a friend make it. Let me find the link	others
8720	Just gonna casually drop this here because a bitch graduated!!!	Congratulations	Thanks	others
8721	// I have to confess, that in real life I am awful in the kitchen so any RPs where Ignis has to teach someone to cook terrify me lol	I also have no culinary blessings lmao This is a spiritual level)	// Cooking is so much harder than I imagined it would be as a child lol	others
8722	any of my mutuals going to the ZAYN Icarus Falls Listening Party?	No.	ill snap u from there then	others
8723	Losing weight is tight. But now I need basically all new gear	Shopping spree fam. First thing I did when I lost weight was buy actual skinny jeans to feel accomplished	Man I bought a rad new bomber jacket that I never could’ve fit in before and it got jacked 2 days later at Sky	others
8724	When you walk into work and you still don’t even know all the details from the night but EVERYONE at work knows what happened...and I find out 2 people could have dragged me out of the car....How embarrassing!!! Im so furious	That’s when you know to cut people out of your life!	Seriously! How do you know someone is plastered and allow them to drive off ugh I’m just heated	others
8725	AND Libras	fuck u too	Grow a pair	others
8726	You’ll be watching a movie and Nepa will just take the light and bring it back in less than a minute, so rude	You're not happy?  Sometimes they bring it back the next day	Right.	others
8727	I'm going into hiatus.	DO YOU SEE WHAT I'M SEEING???? EXCELLENCE	I'm distraught.	others
8728	give me a minute to hold my girl	She’s home on Tuesday, can hold her then x	can’t believe u knew this song like last year!!!!	others
8729	10 straight afc east division titles for patriots. The other 3 teams should be forced to sell or move immediately. A total joke in today’s nfl	As soon as Belichek and Brady retire its going ti cone oit that they were playing the salary cap and get fined and lose draft picks. Unfortunately those other teams arent going to get those years back.	7 straight AFC championship games. Probably 8 straight in a little over a month	others
8730	My professor complimented my Columbia sweater so I told her “thanks , I actually work at columbia if you ever come in I’ll give you my discount” hoping she’ll bump me to an A	Bitch	It was worth a shot	others
8731	you guys voted for freddie, so here it is! a wip	I really can't believe how talented you are, wow.. every single art piece that you've posted has been amazing	wow thank you so much!!	others
8732	What’s good questions to ask after a job interview?	What’s a typical day like at the job	Good one!! Thank you boo	others
8733	everyday at work	They dead ass be knowing though. Agreeing and all lmao	lmaooo facts dont even bother arguing	others
8734	I’ve really let myself go since being pregnant, when do I start “glowing” ????	Girls who glow in their pregnancy are so lucky, I’ve looked awful through the whole of mine Xx	Sooo lucky!! Awww I’m sure you haven’t! Xx	others
8735	Very bizarre how I couldn't claim this ticket when I was on the page minutes before it was eligible & I then click claim & get to a page that's says this ticket seems to be, popular try again. I do so numerous times to only go back & see all tickets claimed.Seriously?	We want to ensure your online experiences are as smooth as possible. Let's get this taken care of together. Please follow/DM us, and select chat with agent to get started. *JAP	Ok. Done.	others
8736	Good morning my man, how did your weekend go?	Went just fine ma man, Jah blesses! Yours!!?	I am happy to hear that my man! Amen! Mine was fun and relaxing I must say.	others
8737	I’ve seen this video 37 times on the tl someone please give me names. I think I know but I want to confirm	they ones in black are the boyz and the ones in white are stray kids!	OHHHH??? I got the names right but messed up the outfits Time to stan!	others
8738	This is the bed of a puppy, that's for sure. (Actually attaching the picture would help)	I feel betrayed. No jolt plushie to snuggle up with at night?	Nu, but theres an eevee buried in there somewhere o:	others
8739	where are you gunna be?	Several places lol.	well just lmk when u in durm	others
8740	i can't believe you never let me read these are you sure you don't have backups	NO im stupid i rly should have atleast copy pasted them onto lame notepad hhhh theyre gone for good I'm so mad at myself	u writing straight onto tumblr...so brave	others
8741	Smash Ultimate released, won my first rd of fantasy playoffs, and the Cowboys won. This was a great weekend for me	Bruh that fucking deflection catch by Cooper had me d e c e a s e d	Bro I shoulda recorded my reaction to that play omg	others
8742	Ladies, if he:  • Likes his girls like his honey, sweet and a little selfish • Likes his women like his money, green a little jealous • Is a beautiful wreck •A colorful mess and • A heartbreak vet  Then he isn’t your man, she’s really and way better than most men	Rylee did you just go twitter famous?	I did! Lol	others
8743	I RLY GOT TO POKE RICKY’S CHEEK AHSHSHHSG	SHAI YOU DID THAT !! IM SCREAMING	I AM INDEED STILL SCREAMING BC ITS THE POLAROID AKDHHDHD HE POKED MY CHEEK TOO AAAAAAA	others
8744	Lol the lighter at gyu kaku didn’t work trying to light birthday candle, so I grabbed a lighter from my purse n my family was jus like uhhh y u have dat... I’m not a chronic I promise	I’m NoT a ChRoNiC	What is drugs? I don’t do that!	others
8745	real lies real eyes realize	Idk why I find this so funny	bc it's funny	others
8746	Not to be dramatic but just know if I fail this class my life is over. lol	Sounds dramatic	You already know how I’m comin lol	others
8747	I'm extremely emotional right now. Tell me something funny please.	When I was super drunk and my parents called I told them I was going to hit on random boy at this one bar and then asked them if these pickup lines were too cheesy. I laughed, hey laughed and then they told me to go for it. Of course, I had no memory of it the next day - they did	I really want a video!!!	others
8748	Just gonna casually drop this here because a bitch graduated!!!	Congratulations mama!!!	Aki thanks	others
8749	when you ask to play the best country bop and they don’t play cotton eyed joe	Omg how have I only just seen this	u r welcome	others
8750	Today is	I think tbey make a wonderful couple in the show, but still	I loved watching	others
8751	one of my snails laid eggs. who did it. fess up. (it was snello)	Eggs good?	time will tell.... i am incubating them as best i can but oftentimes the first clutch will be infertile..... but I am excited all the same :)	others
8752	'Winter Sun' today at Freshwater West beach	really beautiful pic! Stunning! xxxx	Thanks Ruth	others
8753	not doing osd cause i'm ugly <3 uwu	but ur not ugly ?	but i am-	others
8754	comment good sensitivitys dpi & in game sens (mouse) still want to hit my shots and build fast	400dpi and .10 sens thats what Tfue uses	what do u use	others
8755	also ladies let’s ~not~ argue with men who have rapper in their bio and edit their pictures like it’s 2007	I JUST CHOKED ABDVAMDKABFH	what can I say	others
8756	I hope you find jesus	I want two. Might as well have em at the same time	thats what niggas say wen they count up felonies	others
8757	Peak Midwest moment: my parents went to a wedding in Wisconsin this weekend where the special guest was Bucky the Badger, except not a dude in a mascot costume it was a REAL LIVE BADGER that hung out at this wedding for a few hours.	Lolz. I’ve been to a few weddings but only with the costume dude.	A FEW WEDDINGS WITH A MASCOT IS TOO MANY	others
8758	Lmaoooo thanks frankkkk. I love you too!	you**** lmao I love youuuuu broooooo, take a shot for me	Lmfaoooo Ima be a Disneyland all day. Ima eat a churro for ya!	others
8759	The have so much motive play hard in this game: playoffs, a mini bye to rest and prep, and a big stage against a New York team in New York. But the NFL would enjoy the ratings of a New York Giants team in the playoffs also. Plus a Manning? How will this play out?	Hopefully the Titans don't have a huge let down game!	one game at a time.	others
8760	I'm going on a big fun tour in February for The City in the Middle of the Night! All the tourdates have just been announced, and it includes lots of cities I've never done a book event in before. Check it out and please mark your calendars!	Yaaaaaaaay you’re coming to Atlanta! is excellent, good choice. I’ll be there, looking forward to meeting you! Have you ever been to Atlanta?	I love Atlanta! Been there for dragon con and tons of other things. I miss Mary Mac's and the incredible Chinese food on Buford Highway.	others
8761	"Can't log in to either the Windows app or the browser player. ""We're sorry, too many people are accessing this website at the same time. We're working on this problem. Please try again later."""	the web player is down currently, we're working to get everything back up and running soon:	Thanks. Didn't see anything on your Twitter page but must have missed it.	others
8762	Things I am researching for tomorrow’s episode of : 1. The film “Crank” (2006) 3. Wallabies 3. Blueface (rapper) 4. HAARP	5. Rip Roger the ripped kangaroo	That’s actually the kickoff for wallabies and yes I realize he’s not a wallaby just wait	others
8763	the truth in this is real HUH	for real if u need me , just please never hestaite to message ; just wanna see u happy x	appreciate it, lifes just shite ay it x	others
8764	Not sure he's a great fit for the Cards...unless they get him just for terrorizing us over the years, strap him to a chair, and scream about hating him.	Fair. I’m wondering if they could push Wong to the OF and put him at 2B.	Wong's greatest asset is his 2B defense. If you move him somewhere else, you might as well not have him.	others
8765	i need a sense of hope rn I have none ....	it’s me. riley HOPE. I’m you sense of hope duh	girl I need more hope	others
8766	Newest song from	thank you SO much for the art!!	Of course!! I love doing your art so much!	others
8767	That moment when you're laughing your old pics	This is me in 1992	How do u feel about it?????	others
8768	me (as I take CC course once):  Partial PPE on Chest drainage system is intact and the water level in the water seal chamber is tidaling in synchrony with patient’s inspirations and expirations Patient is ambulating, well tolerated	During my focused assessment: Bilateral breath sounds heard with no adventitious sounds CT insertion site dressing is clean, dry, and intact Pt reported 0/10 chest pain on a 0-10 scale	wow I luv this, we r needs	others
8769	Did you know- That Doritos has an Organic version, and they are the best snack ive ever had.... And all ive been doing is thinking about them... All morning... And they are always sold out... Oh my god I want them so bad.	I guess I'll have to grab a bag and try them myself. Maybe that's why I've never seen them too. Nicely done on the pic as well. Shade looks completely enthralled	Shareeeee	others
8770	Need this luck	you'll have it!!	I hope!!	others
8771	Jared Goff just got sacked again.	I had great joy with that game last night....	That makes one of us	others
8772	You know what? Fuck it, I can’t take this shit anymore	Wait I feel so bad I’m out of the loop what the hell is happening someone explain sos	I’ll dm you	others
8773	What if the Droids liberated the stormtroopers! ...	What if Finn liberates stormtroopers?	That’s probably the most likely scenario; Droids are an ongoing issue of equality and acceptance in the Galaxy...	others
8774	vines are the secular millennial version of church call-and-response	This makes so much sense to me	Thank you so much I feel valid	others
8775	I'm sure	NOT diet food.	i know!!! is why it was so OH MY GOD TASTY!!	others
8776	Ion even understand why I’m so tired tho... I was literally out before 11 last night.	Too much sleep maybe	maybe. I be forgetting too much sleep can tire you out too	others
8777	Does the have a statement about the Russian agent pleading guilty to a number of crimes she committed while infiltrating their organization?  Inquiring minds would like to know.	care to comment? Does it feel weird that your lifestyle is built on Russian cash?	She has me blocked already. She didn’t like it when I called her a terrorist.	others
8778	TRUTH. From a non-black asian immigrant perspective that is. So many years this was me.	This is true. I’m not the first generation to make good money but I’ve seen this in my family and friends. Most don’t know any other way to live.	We wouldn't survive without our community in those early times but the community doesn't necessarily do a good job of regulating abuses (DAD) so it can really be a case of the bucket of crabs keeping you down when it gets unhealthy, rather than the succeeding 1 helping others up	others
8779	*Cough* NASL *Cough*	Couldn't that also apply to MLS and Eurosnobs though?	Exactly. But I don’t see a whole lots of soccer twitter keyboard warriors going around with vast conspiracies about how MLS can’t suceed because of the EPL’a rigged game against them.	others
8780	／ Ayeee 700–! ♡	//GRATS!	／ Thank you!	others
8781	I read this in Morris Day's voice for some reason	Frfr I feel like Morris day	That's a great feeling to have	others
8782	look @ my baby she loss 130 pounds and is glowin and growing so proud of you lil mamas	130!! What mans y’all be talkin to? We Gorilla’s out here!!	im talking about a mans who had little dick energy and acts like he’s 130 pounds but i do agree they are gorillas out there he just wasn’t one he was more like a finger monkey	others
8783	Aww On God , My Legs Stiff Asf	That’s Why Every Function I’m Even Getting A Lap Dance Or You Might Catch Me Getting Freaked In Some Corner But Me Actually Popping & Shit Dead	Facts Cause My Knees Pop Everytime I Bend Em Fuck No	others
8784	Omg is triv okay tho	NO SHES FUCKING DEAD	MOOD	others
8785	tw maybe but idk what for// . hey what’s up today my allergies are so bad that i’m so itchy it hurts real bad!! got some rashes and swelling going!! i love scrump to pieces but this is the price i pay to live with her!!	this is karma for making her dance to the shrimp song	hey i’m nothing but KIND to you when you’re in pain	others
8786	wtf am i doing wrong ARGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG	Looks like under-extrusion. Up he heat or clean the nozzle	i think it might be a retraction thing as it happened with something else and turning it off fixed it but ever since i upgraded cura this crap happens urggghhh ( nozzle heat is 240)	others
8787	The internet is always so unhappy. Surely it must be exhausting to always be outraged or passive aggressive towards everything.	I find this tweet offensive.	I’m so tired. Not like this	others
8788	Lunchtime character creation. Looking at making a couple of halflings. They’re cousins. Identical cousins. A paladin & a Ranger. Just for fun.	D&D Rule: from now on, every character must be hand-written in neon pink :D	Bonus: it’s an erasable pen. Mind-blown	others
8789	Am I the only one that has noticed how this thing has reduced..50naira now 60naira and it's smaller..I can even swallow it now	This is all you, I didn't even know this cake existed	Do you leave under a rock?	others
8790	moe I never answer my phone on Bluetooth period ...	I ain’t think he was gonna say what he said that day	you know it’s always the wrong time when people say shit	others
8791	big head	Pretty ass	thank u my luvvvvv	others
8792	Either I’m going to change my number or block everybody	Same I’m tired of people calling me honestly	That too	others
8793	so how does one join your discord? I am usually very good at this stuff, but it seems I need an Instant Invite or some such thing to put in.	Try this:	So weirdly...I had to delete discord from my phone for your link to actually join me to your channel.	others
8794	Booking accomodation for riat is more stressful than getting the actual tickets, going all out as it's my only airshow next year	Booked mine	Friat?	others
8795	Farmers favourite winter warming supper liver onions and bacon	Banging	I’ll be after a job soon chef	others
8796	the only reason I’m excited to go the Edinburgh Christmas markets is to eat all the nice food	Reckon the burgers are unreal	Oh yeh cos a love burgers x	others
8797	that guy SUUUUUUUCKSSSSSSSSSSS	What a jackass	don't sweat these blocks fam	others
8798	So what ya'll lil thot thots doing for New Years?	Enjoying bubbly at home and laughing at the cold people in Times Square	Lmfao yeah I’m for sure not going to time square this year	others
8799	Ran into a strange issue with PDO. When I used aliased fields in HAVING, and it was not parameterized, it failed. When part of the comparison is parameterized, it worked. Why? Failed: HAVING qty_on_order < qty_available Worked: HAVING qty_on_order < :c9	Well now my interest is piqued. Does this remain an unsolved mystery? What was the cause?	I have no idea what the cause is unfortunately. I honestly think I got lucky solving the problem. I was hoping some PDO expert out there would have an idea :)	others
8800	CAN THIS YEAR END ALREADY	Okay you are alive etamnt 5ayfe e7ke m3k	I’m not	others
8801	Just spent the past 2 hours in traffic..... 4,000 naira uber	‘I want to go back to Lagos’ cruise	Please gerrout. Was I talking to you	others
8802	Fucks sake mum, I dunno.	Top animal-socialist your ma, god bless her	Fighting the good fight from the living room	others
8803	When are we getting an action figure display update?	It's looking pretty terrible right now, mate. I need to redo the whole thing. Need more shelves too...	Well, get a move on then	others
8804	had a good talk with a friend about my radio show. she has a lot of experience and shared some great information with me. i'm hoping to work to improve my show during the winter break	Good for you dude! Onwards and upwards	awyiss ^_^	others
8805	No, I’m going to see my friends lmfao if I wanted dick I would fly everytime someone’s offered me stoopid try again lowtier eboy	lol don’t listen to him, queen! Gosh, men are so rude! Gives good guys like me a bad image! When I go to Anaheim I’ll give u a nice handshake!	Thank u nick	others
8806	The president of the United States can’t spell the word “smoking” and we aren’t even going to talk about that for 15 minutes	He has never smocked or drunck in his life.	I beg to differ	others
8807	Christmas movies and toys are on full force in the Tobin household now! Adrianna wants to watch asap. Still can't find my sweaters for the big turtles though.	What’s the top 5 Christmas movies ?? For you	Christmas Vacation Home Alone Scrooged Gremlins Die Hard But I could list a billion more. Especially if including tv specials. I watch tons.	others
8808	lol...good follow. Follow immediately.  Pleaseeeee	Oh hai. <3 nice to meet ya.	oh hai, fren, nice to meet you too! lol	others
8809	This sounds like Shona Banda. Also in Kansas. This is an abomination.	His next court date is December 14th paid $15,000 to a lawyer he had to sell his father's house and this man has never committed a crime in his life he's helped everyone his whole life	That’s my son’s birthday. I will be praying for your father-in-law very hard that day. Arresting an old man for medicating with a plant just to steal his money and life is reprehensible. How do Prohibitionists live with themselves?	others
8810	Jag föreläser sedan tidigare tillsammans med	Grymma ni är!	Tack!!	others
8811	Thanks buddy.	Classy guy!!!!!	He was a true rockstar yesterday and loving every minute of it!	others
8812	When this no longer happens is when I will be able to go off anti-anxiety drugs. I am having trouble explaining this to my psychiatrist right now.	You are not alone.	It helps to know that. There sure are a hell of a lot of us out here.	others
8813	Which team do you hate the most?	Gr8 question. Pats get home field from that BS division every year and “6” is all we hear from Pittsburgh fan. Note: 6 titles since 1933... Voted Pats	You know it wasn’t pats fault that they’re stuck in the division w/ bills, dolphins, and jets	others
8814	Ok, couldn’t find any other story mode games to try on stream, comment any you guys have in mind. (Not trying to spend 60$ on a game I’ll play for a few hours)	It’s like $10 I think? Maybe $20	I’ll have to play PlayStation...	others
8815	Yikes be safe	I’m totally good, but thanks	O ok. Thought that drowsy action caught u before u could get home	others
8816	What is up with magazines I have print subscriptions to blocking me from their web content after 3 articles each month? It is unfailingly impossible to link my subscription. Do they want me to give up? Do they hate me? I'm talking to you, .	This happens to me to and I'm so tired of it!	It's a bizarre business strategy. Here's a loyal customer -- let's keep all our goods away from her! They lose most of my traffic now because I'm always in save-my-clicks mode.	others
8817	It’s crazy that I went to high school with her lol	Lol yikes	I said the same thing	others
8818	خلاص بس بوقف	Your laugh is the best part lollll	I have the worst laugh	others
8819	yall prefer waffle or pancakes?	Depends on the day	which one you rather tho like if u had to choose	others
8820	My main roster lacks female characters so I'm resurrecting one She used to be important before I flipped the story on it's head and made a huge wambo jambo out of it  (2nd pic is based on this song	I LOVE HER! AND HER FLUFFY EARS	AHH THANK YOU, IT MEANS A LOT!!! I REALLY WANTED TO REVISIT HER DESIGN AND I'M GLAD YOU LIKE IT!!!	others
8821	Your point?	You don’t need to keep a diet if you already have one going on	I fell off my diet because of the holidays , ok?	others
8822	شششششششششش	Do you accept the challenge	Really? It's okay	others
8823	No need to sneer at this.This is how the EU operates. Read between the lines. Let's see what happens, a week is a long time in politics. Nothing lost.	Voice of common sense! Rare at the moment	I'm not happy with the backstop but I take a different view on Theresa May than most Brexit supporters. She has come up with a deal which is 95% acceptable. I for one am not a kamikaze Brexit supporter and she may be able to get enough to satisfy me. Hopefully Parliament as well.	others
8824	_koi mera paper de aye kal	Bohat acha ho ga IA... All the very best	Ameen Thanku so much. This Means a lot to me.	others
8825	So	Ha! What's the ?	When are we getting any info it’s the 10th!?  And can you help me enjoy cigar with Wayne! (I’ll buy my own ticket)	others
8826	WHY IS COFFEE MAKING ME MORE SLEEPY DAMMNIT	Caffeine is a farce never works	Yea I should’ve known that because i had two cups oops	others
8827	Flattering story on	Lovely insights. F1 misses you, Matt, but I wish you all the best in the new challenge	Many thanks, my old friend.	others
8828	I'm getting a tarot reading. This is intriguing.	Sounds like fun.	It is very interesting, I am looking forward to it.	others
8829	Some unforgettable memories	Memories never fade	Absolutely	others
8830	AJUDEM ESSA POBRE CADELINHA SEM DINHEIRO ARMYGAS HELP S.O.S	Rtxrt likeforlike	done	others
8831	"The Wheelz ""Top 10 Super Hits"" LP is an absolute killer. Wow."	Holy shit, dude.	How do you like it after hearing the whole thing?	others
8832	I'd really love it if you gave this a re-tweet for me I know I ask every week but it really is very much appreciated because it helps me do my bit to fight the stigma of depression Thank you!	What happens if your always nice and people still treat you like shit	I personally wouldn't be around people that treat me like that :]	others
8833	The responses to this tweet overwhelmingly reminded me how many ppl don't fully understand balance nor understand context of a sentence.	I think the tweet makes sense, but it doesn't take into account the player's environment. He may never need to think about more than the tackle if his competition gets wrecked by it.	"True. But he stated ""want to do"", which implies (to me) that the player doesn't desire getting better but would rather rely on the tackle."	others
8834	I better start being a good girl before my horns grow out...	So you’ve been being bad?	It can mean anything	others
8835	Anyone else here signed up with progressive International yet? Heard	You will be hearing from us soon	Looking forward to it. It's nice to hear of some positive international development on the left!	others
8836	Hey	Thanks bud. We appreciate you coming down...but I'm not sure if posted it but there is a good picture of you karaoeking lol	Yes, she definitely did. At that point of the evening, IU had fallen to 4-2 haha.	others
8837	Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Apparently they aren't aware that turkeys, chickens, pigs, lambs, fish, & cows are animals. Apparently they don't consider taking the life of an innocent sentient being, who wants to live, to be cruel.	I really don't like this. Wtf is wrong with them?	I assume it's greed.	others
8838	Cocktails and brainstorming on primary cilia in Frankfurt	So sorry that I missed it!	No problems - we’ll do it again :-)	others
8839	all y'all bitches do is run y'all mouth go run up a check or something broke bitches	say that x2	girlll listennn lol	others
8840	Junior’s 93mph off the bump so I’m assuming the dodge ball Felicia took to the face this morning from 20ft away wasn’t the best way to start a week.	Was it a soft dodgeball or one of the real one that we used to play with before work everybody started getting soft??	Soft. We’d be in concussion protocol if it was old school.	others
8841	وهل يحق لي الحزن و قلبً مثل قلبه متيماً بقلبي حباً؟؟؟	شكلي بعد قريت التويتة	Don’t cry	others
8842	I need some entertainment.	Get a GameBoy.	Can I have your purple one ?	others
8843	Someone please send help. asked me to draw her a doggo.  Now I love him and I want to keep him.  I named him Charito, which means cute in Greek.	We will be keeping him. He’s cute!!! Also if you want to make me pet him, go for it! My weaponry can be strewn about in the background.	He is smol. He don't care what you say. He is smol.	others
8844	The simple skill of humility is to be immune to praise, unaffected by criticism, open to feedback, and willing to do any work required to improve. It's tough to be humble when you are criticized. (quote from )	That’s when it’s most important. And why it’s so incredibly valuable. Rare skill.	It’s too easy to defend in light of criticism. Keeping my closed is tough. Thanks for the inspiration.	others
8845	So	Obnoxious	did u read my email tho	others
8846	SMFH! I’m sure the owners got tired of that dog wanted to kill it, but just didn’t want blood on their hands smfh	A dogs number one priority is their owners. They strive to make us happy but some people have the audacity to pull cruel shit like this. Disgusting. We don’t deserve dogs	True	others
8847	Swimmies. x	Are you part mermaid Barley?xx	I don't think so. x	others
8848	omg	IM SAYING THO! you can’t get herpes from Apple Music and his shit still slaps. Periodt	If R.Kelly can get a pass Usher definitely can too	others
8849	"groyper mommy gf who tucks me in and says ""who's my little cozy boy?"""	gonna have nightmares now	God I want to kiss that groyper	others
8850	This is a simple and helpful guide to my personal 2018 Christmas wish list.	That’s good for every year.	Every other holiday and birthday too.	others
8851	hi ?	hello ?	I’ve been looking for u	others
8852	Been driving around for last week with no car tax cos apparently it doesnt just get transferred over when u buy a carsounnddd	@ syptweet	Do it a dare ya	others
8853	Today, King County submitted its letter regarding the	Great. Now let's move on to the issue of homelessness, cleaning up the needle ridden Seattle City, The citizens, city employees,and state employees should not have to endure a daily fear of needle stick.	Don't worry, we're working on that, too.	others
8854	the candle having flicker lyrics on the container makes my heart hurt	she’s the prettiest	i love her <3 but the price....	others
8855	My baby is 2 weeks old today	I need some baby loves	Come get em!	others
8856	second to last day of work pls help me get thru this day	Same Logan gonna come skiddidlew on over to my night shift and fiddle pop the diddlewop	i already skiddledy diddley do	others
8857	I may have eaten a brownie with some /extra/ things in it. How many hail Mary’s?	“None. If you didn’t know, it wasn’t a sin. Go at peace.”	Thank Goddess.	others
8858	Just bought myself a new red lipstick for Saturday night, because clearly the other 17 red lipsticks I have aren't enough	Always room for one more	Isn't there just!	others
8859	complaining about a dlc being finished and ready but not advertised to come out is like opening up a gift on your birthday, looking at it, and being pissed nobody told you that they were getting you this gift, then leaving your own party	It's nothing like that at all xD	i'd hate to go to your birthday parties then	others
8860	Done it	Wow TD that’s amazing. So proud of you. Bet you are well chuffed. You’ve done absolutely amazing. You are our little star. Do you have any tips for me I’ve been struggling with mine gonna leave it till next year now hoping I can get back into it then	I do rate slimming world. You can eat loads.	others
8861	Just realized I’m 21 in 8 days	You talked about it this weekend	I didn’t realize it was that close	others
8862	This needs to stop.	Ffs	It's stupid now	others
8863	y'all love being dramatic we do not stan	ho- it’s not even starting beef i- he didn’t even name anybody’s name he simply answered a fans question- sometimes i hate being apart of a fandom i- anyways	it's not about jonah lol it's about the girl	others
8864	Watched the whole thing	Dude where do you find this stuff	My weird ass people I follow lmao	others
8865	Little sappy post for tonight  (	Awnn Adorable  Love u	A real Shorelines friend hehe i had your last name as Shorelines for months	others
8866	Went 17 years doing tedious homework assignments and now after I graduated I'm paying a monthly fee just so I don't have to do homework assignments. Whose really getting robbed here? #	Still cheaper than tuition gotta keep that in mind	I'm paying my tuition back	others
8867	when i took up the chem bio physics and maths everyone told me i was making a mistake but i laughed. how bad could it be, i thought. now i cry myself to sleep every night	ur doing amazing tho	i LOVE U :'( i dont deserve u one bit	others
8868	Decided to update my Pac-Man glassware cabinet to more of a general Pac-Man cabinet. Still have a lot of stuff in boxes I need to dig out and add.	This is a thing of beauty sir.	Thanks! It's one of my favorite parts of this house.	others
8869	How you gonna be a two hit wonder and not play either hit at a concert	who?	Elle king lol	others
8870	Oh Lawd, it was more fun when we could just joke about her being a  mail order bride.	That picture of Melania was NOT taken when she was 25. Maybe a decade younger.	The whole episode is a bad dream, that your friend at 11:00 AM tells you was actually a real life experience.	others
8871	JT not on y’alls list of greats?	Justin or the city girl?	The fuck is a city girl? Justin Timberlake is who I’m talking about	others
8872	It's about to go down!!!! I'M GOING LIVE ON TWITCH RIGHT NOW!!!! Come say whats up and hit that follow button cause I'm on that road to 50 follows!!!	Hope you have a good stream bro good luck	Aye! thank you my guy! You going to stream tonight???|	others
8873	I messed up the last tweet. Who in Hattiesburg know how to color bundles?	When you need em by?	I ain’t ordered the hair yet I’m just tryna see	others
8874	snap story got me crying	Lmaaooo im crying that’s how i be when lil kids stare at me	Lmao u funny af	others
8875	go to uni they said, it’ll be fun they said	More fun then Hford!	You’d think	others
8876	I've been on social media for literally two minutes and I'm already completely sick of humans and the world. I think the saddest thing about this is that it's not even a record, it's the norm. #2018	it's the problem people like us face. We like to keep up with the news, and the news is shit. Always.	There's that, yes. Then there's just the general standard of person today, which seems to be rather low.	others
8877	not one to get involved with internet shit like this, but i’m raging because my beatstars shit is still hacked and messing up word is that mayeniac goon is behind it all, seems to have deleted all his socials too, suss shit. anyone got any updates that i don’t know about?	That's an incredibly heavy accusation to make	i didn’t accuse? i said that’s what the word is, search his name on any social media and that’s all people be saying	others
8878	1719 MAN-NMC just the 2 carriages again when 4 is inadequate for this service. And don't bother with the same excuses - proper planning could've avoided the situation, this is purely down to an inept business with inept people at the top.	Very sorry to hear this, Richard. We will have this reported to our planning team ^TW	It's a bit late for reporting it to your planning team - it's a lack of planning 18+ months ago that is causing the current problems.	others
8879	Why the fuck are they putting an Arby’s in meadow woods bruh??? Who the fuck asked for this?	don't sleep on the curly fries	One thing out a full ass menu	others
8880	today sucks :/	lol	why u lol at me	others
8881	Opening up my manuscript today after 3 months away... My therapist instructed me to stop avoiding, that emotions are okay to have and deal with. And I believe her, so here we go...	Sometimes opening the document is the hardest part! I feel you.  Best of luck. I know how talented you are and I'm rooting for you	Thanks, Annette. Opening the doc IS the hardest part. I often hype myself up for something So Much Worse Than It Actually Is. (Thnx, anxiety and relieving emotions.) Hope you're doing well xo	others
8882	Looking for our first win of the season. Players missing. Odds against us. Set up for a Milburn win isn't it?	No	I know you're not playing but that's a bit rude	others
8883	wait what what's wrong with sonic why does he look like that	Wait LOL this is a legit thing? I thought it was a weird fan poster.	same, saw it under moments and i was just like. what. what is that abomindation. who let them make sonic beefy	others
8884	Tis the season to unsubscribe from eblasts / multiple times a day sales / last chance offers / coupon codes.	SERIOUSLY. All these brands I thought I unsubscribed from suddenly resurfacing.	same. also. subscribe to my newsletter. i dont have one.	others
8885	ERIIIIN OMG YOURE GORGEOUS	ANTONIAAAAA I LOVE YOU	I LOVE YOU TOO	others
8886	Just added a couple of mine here.	Thanks.	Neat poem! My humans had Etch-a-Sketch when they were mini-humans. !	others
8887	Time to get these nails done. Coffin or square. Hmmmm	That super sharp shit lmao	Nah that’s the “stiletto” ones. Got them once never again.	others
8888	I just realized. I stopped living a long time ago. I am just crawling towards the next day, every day, the whole day, waiting. The worst part is, I don't know what I'm waiting for.	Death.	No, That's what I long for.	others
8889	I knowww I'm late but THE SPY WHO DUMPED ME IT'S SOOOOOO GOOOD	Oh my god I LOVED THAT MOVIE	i was crying laughing it's so good omgggg II just finished it and I need a re watch	others
8890	How would you say 'Subscribe to Pewdiepie' in Japanese	ティ-シリーズ登録して	That looks a bit odd	others
8891	Kennel club recommended  Despite being told not long ago by the krazi dog women who said they are dangerous and potential kid killers (remember)	Always had staffies their ‘s like with any breed a dog can turn , depends how their bought up and common sense x	Yep.. and I KNOW you know your stuff, u and nicky x	others
8892	I’m looking a bit nicer these days MashaAllah Allahumabarik to me. I wouldn’t say peng still but uno just a lil less ugly	I don’t believe you are ugly!	JazakAllah khayr but I genuinely think I am	others
8893	someone buy me a ouija board	wtf	I meAN-	others
8894	3d modeling is relaxing when you work for yourself when it's for school and that you have a deadline and a set of rules to follow, it becomes the 9th circle of hell	I 100% agree with this holy shit	3d modeling for yourself: oh, a bug. that's fine, i can come back to it later 3d modeling for school: WHY IS IT GLITCHING? WHY IS IT DOING THAT. GOOGLE WHY IS IT DOING THAT. AUTODESK SUPPORT HELP ME	others
8895	Is there anything more random in nascar history than that Jon King Daytona truck win?	Trevor bayne daytona 500	That was unexpected as well. Everyone thought he'd be the next big thing after that. David Gilliland's Busch win is up there too	others
8896	I don't know what to tell you if you miss out on this tour... OVERSEAS TOUR The Super Human Tour   January 26th - London January 28th - Hamburg January 29th - Berlin January 30th - Prague January 31st - Munich  Tickets available now!	Do you think you’ll come to the Utah Arizona area sometime soon?	I live in Arizona and performed in Salt Lake about 3 months ago, one of my favorite shows so I’ll be back	others
8897	CHRISTMAS AGUILERA I CANT BREATHE	Where was this? Who’s post was this babe?	jesy’s x	others
8898	Yes now. After awhile it gets boring tbh.	Nope	Is it every time you’ll have fun things to talk about? Sometimes I don’t even talk tbh	others
8899	How many times is too many times to listen to history.)	If you’re under 100 you’re fine.	So far so good but I might cut it close. I mean, my friend might cut it close.	others
8900	Who was that???	big acc that was always talking shit	I didn't know about them djdjdjjz thanks tho	others
8901	my ass didn't go to college bc i've been watching vikings all night & slept till 6 a.m, i just woke up. only had one class tho so thank god	WHEN DID U START WATCHING IT OMHDKSHSKSK ILYSM FPR THAT	I STARTED SATURDAY I THINK IDEK WHAT TOOK ME SO LONG TO WATCH IT. IT'S SO GOOD I LOVE IT SO MUCH & ILYSM	others
8902	Why does committee have so many repeated letters??	At least it’s not bookkeeper	Right? That’s another one..	others
8903	RatWaterPlus now has four or five milliliters of Certified Cozy in every gulp.	SNUGGLY	MAY contain TRACE elements of plague... sweet-syrupy and savory black death (possibly) in every sip RatWater_Certified Cozy_The taste you die from!	others
8904	Why can’t I download episodes of	I can download them using Pocket Cast on Android. Maybe it's the app?	I was wondering if it was iTunes being a pain, as others were complaining about it too. I think I’m gonna download another app or just stream episodes.	others
8905	HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL FRIEND, RALU!  thank you if you'd like to also join in, her world would be made!	Youu are the sweetest I love youu thank you so so much	of course! still so happy for you and its made my heart so giddy! its a good day <3	others
8906	Countless all-nighters, cups of coffee & 10 lbs later, we have a nurse y’all!!  UTHealth Science Center BSN December 14th, 3 pm	YESSS QUEEN!! I aspire to be like you	Kiddyyyyy stop can’t wait to turn up with you baby!!!	others
8907	Major renovations are happening this winter. Here’s the first project. Who knows where this is?	Is that this old workout room?	Our indoor pool bathrooms are getting a remodel!	others
8908	Travelling along the roads in	"leaping christ ""lumbar puncture"" is probably the only combination of letters in the english language that actually makes me feel like i'm going to pass out. hope yr okay"	I've been better but I've also been worse. I'm in bed, in comfy PJs, with painkillers and a bag full of yummy treats my brother bought for me, I'm going to be okay	others
8909	I am super anal about stuff sometimes and I keep getting asked about my Ippo poster, it’s actually not his poster, it’s his SENPAI WAAAYY BEFORE, which is Joe. The first to do it. Ashita no Joe, Tonorrows Joe!! The one megalo box was inspired and made for its 50th anniversary!!	Pic of the poster?	I rt early!	others
8910	Are you spending money on a multivitamin that doesn't work optimally?  Here are some reasons multivitamins don't work like they should: ttps://bbcom.me/2E282El	Sweet link	"Looks like the ""h"" went missing! Here ya go!"	others
8911	So now people can stop playing and buy me those ugg slippers. Thank you very much	You are letting you’re girlfriend poison you’re mind with these damn ugg slippers and you a damn fool.	It was my idea she didn’t say anything there just so nice	others
8912	Белини за рожден ден.  Моят рожден ден.	May you always have someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for	That’s my credo!	others
8913	For all reforming & liberal Muslims, even for my more conservative Muslim friends, but especially for my ex-Muslim friends, I’m proud to have signed this letter rejecting the unhelpful term “Islamophobia” to describe anti-Muslim hate	"Are you campaigning to reject the term ""antisemitism"" to describe anti-Jewish hate too whilst you're at it, Maajid?"	That’s an epistemological fallacy	others
8914	tempted to do a video on Vess with her story in full, later i have other things to do first, i started many scripts while on hiatus. I have to finish them.	I need one on oona, animar, and/or kumena	so Animar doesnt have much in terms of lore however Kumena has some decent lore on him and Oona was antagonist for a whole block, time to brush up on my Lorwyn.	others
8915	Show the special person in your life that you couldn't give a flying fuck about them with the gift of a 'One4all' voucher this Christmas.	Ridiculing those who work too herd or are not fortunate enough to go to shops in the centre of town, is not the one.  The possibilities of one of these vouchers, should NOT be underestimated......	I think money is a better present than a generic voucher tbh.	others
8916	Made that delicious chickpea pasta again, and cooked for lunch so that I don't have to cook for dinner. Future Hannah is pleased with Present Hannah.	... that sounds really good, do you have a recipe?	yes I do! it is fast and super easy	others
8917	Brexiters on here have turned their fire on May. Grateful if someone could tell me, without snark or reference to cake or unicorns, what kind of deal they think a different negotiating team could have got from the EU? Genuine question.	They honestly don’t know. They genuinely expected to have all the benefits of EU membership without any of the obligations of being in the EU because they are British and the EU should be respect them.	Must be that. I guess I just don’t want to believe that level of obtuseness exists among elected reps.	others
8918	I deal with actual children irl and it’s so tiring because as soon as I prove them wrong I’m considered a bitch	Just ignore them uwu	I try	others
8919	"Weird thought for the day: in a sense, we are all ""inside"" the sun. What Voyager 2 just did: it went outside the sun. I say this because, unlike a planet, the sun does not have any material surface other than the surface Voyager 2 just crossed.../1"	the photosphere is surely more of a surface than the heliosheath, though?	It was just in a manner of speaking, but at least the heliopause is a shockwave made of massive particles, not just an effect of photon scattering. No matter what we need to just create a definition :)	others
8920	My biggest pet peeve is when you ask someone a question and you flat out get ignored.	I’m sorry what were you saying	You’re the worst kind of person.	others
8921	So yesterday I bought my Elf on the Shelf (I named her Rowena oops) a cute skirt and scarf for her to wear and I also got her a faux leather jacket to wear over it so it wouldn’t look too soft	Yeah that sounds about right	One of my sisters hid her from my youngest siblings (bc they still believe in Santa) so as soon as I find her, I’m gonna dress her up and show you!!!!	others
