or running the new green bay retirement home for ex-dcs 
i wouldn't call it free. the best games you have to buy! not to mention the system which upgrades every year or so!! 
2018. let’s love more and hate less. speak kind words or no words. laugh louder and more often. cry less and hug more. fall passionately in love with yourself and those around you. 
yes, please stop. i am blocking some on messenger only for this reason. i can't afford to get hacked or a virus,... 
just bagged or rather (bagless) a shark duoclean nv800ukt vacuum as they've a sale on their site #bargain at £199, that'll please the cleaner next week; she'd best not bloody break it 
mom just asked me if i would rather fly somewhere and stay longer or go on a cruise. so immediately i ask why? she proceeds to tell me she is taking me on a trip wherever i want as my graduation present. i have never heard something so perfect 
any of my homies live in nyc and or richmond va ?!? hmu please 
oh sure, you *could* watch the rose bowl halftime, or you could watch a room full of coaches eating pizza. 
so, you have to get 45 or 50 today. 
@ karenang93 welcome to domino’s tweet ordering! tweet #easyorder or to @ dominos to start placing your easy order [18:59:58 est] 
ok you better give me the link to tye other 2 fics or i kill you 
not a fan of baker mayfield or georgia, but someone please knock him out... 
what we need is a new bowl selection comittee. a biased one, with exception of dermoti and gene smith every other member has deep south or sec ties. am i the only one who realised the sec was involved in every game today? sec patsys their schedule. it should be a crime. 
2018 will be great if you resign or get impeached and especially if your in jail 
politics is war. msm will cover for their side and hype or even lie about the other side. #war #fakenewsstyle … 
josh, 4 years old, is a special motherless child who lives with his grandma. he has been unable to walk or talk... 
right knee or something 
$7.25 federal #minimumwage is a shame. disgrace. inhumane. i dare @ realdonaldtrump or any politician who supports this to live one month taking $7.25 wage. kudos to 18 states who are raising the number. 
these are either you being messy or shooting your shot 
magpie is out of her mind. not a reporter or journalist, a shill. 
there is something more to this story-not enough detail or background, when was he charged? what was he charged with? sloppy auto reporting. 
“drink?” scorn replies, a hint of cluelessness lacing her dual toned voice, the trinkets on her headdress swaying as she shook her head some. “i’ve never drank in the sense that you’re likely referring to.” she’d never really any interest in it, or seen what’s so great about it. 
xsport or la fitness?? i'm joining one before january is over. 
they tend to do that to a lot of words. i however dont care what they think, words still have meaning whether they think they've ruined it or not. its important to point out hypocracy 
i swear the paul brothers are paying youtube or something like fuck, why are logans videos trending and not getting taken down. why is he not getting any big consequences 
as simple as it can be: … start with something like this, and if you feel it's not enough, go with something more complex, or even a iaas (like @ awscloud's sqs) 
or when the food and customer service is great.... … 
@ 971thedrive is it too late to request "watch that man" by bowie and/or "zanzibar" by billy joel? thanks in advance. #driveatoz 
i don’t pretend to know the future, being not a seer or soothsayer but i know who i am and where i am going. every morning and night i hit my knees and thank god. for the gift of jesus and his blood washed me clean and carried me through tough times. i can not thank him enough. 
all this logan paul crap stinkin up my feed. he's like the monster advertisements in the simpsons halloween ep: if you ignore them they lose their power. "just don't look" or at least realize that if he wasn't such a dick about it, he could have been trying to remake stand by me. 
and you're still 4th. and the kind of 4th that doesn't have a chance, what's the gap like 20 points or something? 
have you completed a pro's vs con's list? is it about a person or thing? 
@ val61 you heard anything on borja viguera or other potential signings please? 
it is truly difficult to tell which one is more nuts, him or kim jun. 
who likes mediocrity more, cincinnasty or dallas? lol 
with storm eleanor predicted to bring some powerful storm surges over the next day or two, don't underestimate... 
trudeau is totally out of control with the money he’s giving other countries and just keeps on borrowing and taxing the fuker is totally mental or constantly stoned 
sick of overthinking. i wish it was something i could control, or stop altogether. 
reality check: trump raised your taxes, trashed billion dollar travel industries with the travel ban, allows industry to destroy the land & pollute your water, left puerto rico without food or water & is now going after your medicare & social security. plus... he's a traitor. … 
definitely not trump’s day...or year (i hope!). … 
hey if i do a @ gofundme 2 buy every @ bad_dragon thing ever made do u furs think i have a chance or no pls respond 
the national weather service has issued a winter storm watch starting at 1am to thursday evening. use caution when walking, biking, or driving. here are some tips to prepare. 
with or without use thing like that got7 it self is bigger than u thought. i just don't want we have follow others fandom just because their idol get rec from international. we have our own way to show that. and the most important is korea public cause that's what the boys want 
with the amount of "retweet or have bad luck all of 2018"' tweets i've passed up on, i'm bound to win the lottery and follow up by getting struck by lightning, dying from something falling from the sky and somehow winning an oscar. 
this is why @ realdonaldtrump bashes the media when hugh hefner, a man that normalized sexual abuse is honored by @ nytimes, but a man that dedicated his life to serving other is shamed...i have no words. lds or not, monson was an example of how to be a decent human being. 
equally, it was neil who expressed disappointment in coutinho being "unable to see the fun in beating everton on friday". which may or may not be a tantrum. but is also my main feeling about events. … 
it's on the house... or the house burns down. 
... that skill of theirs is inherited....or, i can sit here and get bitter and annoyed at my life choices, remembering the days of yore when i used to be cool, and skinny, and did cool stuff, and could remember why i went into the other room. 
i’m either at work or at my moms house lol 
until he's impeached or rendered useless by my championship court packing plan. 
tl;dr: growing up asexual and/or aromantic can be incredibly isolating & this isolations can impact the rest of our lives. that’s why awareness is important. 
“you’re not my girlfriend when you have make up on.” i don’t know if i should be offended or complimented. 
the transaction made was still illegal at the time, but i think there should be some sentence alleviating or program for minor infractions were ppl were jailed for minimal possession. my only concern w straight up expunging is that it can set a legal precedent for stupid shit 
did you work or study in hoofddorp? i thought you lived in amsterdam — neither just stayed there. and it’s right next to amsterdam … 
“uber eats?????? is there an uber cut my grass? or an unber shut my wife the fuck up????” 
or the white hoods? 
find a way or find an excuse. you can't do both. 
maybe it was my fault for eating or drinking nothing but it for two days 
what’s the first thing y’all think about when you find out yo nigga or yo girl do you wrong ? i just start thinkin of all the sex we had 
transparency he said would be ? guess he can't deal with actual photos or recordings. 
when you scrimmaging in practice do you let yo teammates drop you off? hell no that’s how you lose your starting spot. #2kdraftus is bein used to try to look more like a team player or some ish 
so which is it - state's rights or federal "big government" mandates? the damn trump admin can't seem to make up its mind. 
the pictures i won’t post on instagram or facebook 
sike, you'll catch my cheeks there in full force. looking for a ride or either a co pilot to come with me though 
idealistic or realistic 
“so the man of action cannot look to others for recognition or approval. he cannot expect gratitude; and if he does get it, it will be short-lived.” @ … 
ndr ur mployrs plan u still have out of pocket xpnses , ddtbls & co-pmts. aca is more than “ the market “ it’s a law reform that mandates a group health plan and a health insurance insurer ( group or individual ) that they may not have life time limits on the $ value of bnfts. 
im not gonna get cat scratches or a nose piercing cause i dont wanna end ya’ll 
we could hardly keep mae mae inside yesterday or today! she loves… … 
psa: intel kernel vuln is exploitable via javascript. this means websites can leverage the exploit to read sensitive kernel memory, which may contain usernames or passwords until it's been addressed. chrome users should enable strict site isolation in chrome://flags. 
#issahouseparty january 27 we got $2 entry w/ flyer repost till 11 doors open at 10 we bringing out @ dj_ksmooth_ inna cut w/ @ mckaepee byob byow 2211 fallmeadow dr hit up @ queendannie or @alaijahjoy for more info 
it’s far easier to target women @ hillaryclinton for far less than you’d target a man @ realdonaldtrump 4 much gr8r offenses: where do you get that? did you watch your mom-as a child-bn abused w/no one to intercede or is it simply ur #heritage to wallow as #trump destroys democracy 
black people mind their business whether you need help or not … 
is that good or bad 
i honestly don’t know who’s funnier me or @ devrocksohd 
ok picking up pizza instead. see you soon. i'm streaming. like it, or not 
jk we're playing ff7 for my japanese 3ds or just use my american one... 
a-team or peach … 
it’s his fault for not giving me a lesson on how to say these names! everything in atl is named peachtree or mlk 
. @ abcnews your lead-in to the computer security flaw story was unprofessional. the flaw affects all devices with intel or arm microprocessors and is not limited to @ apple devices, as you reported. #journalism #integrity #ethics 
maybe hobi is being manipulated by the killer or is taken hostage and has to play, that's why his mood is so up and down. 
"you can say there is nothing you can do or you can see the challenge as a call to action." -catherine parker 
or you do it the oj way just collab with an internet side and they do everything for you but it’s fairly expensive and your mercy will be as well cause you want to get some money out of it(i would do the oj way)other is very stressful 
trump love him or hate him #skypapers are f***ing obsessed with him 
thanks lovely! mine are always shown through a happy smile exploring somewhere new... or floating in an avocado #takethepledge nominating @ reena_leblog @ katie_harriet @ kellyprincew @ 
does this guy look familiar? your friendly neighborhood spiderman made it super easy for the hardie family to own their new 2018 genesis g80, though they were a bit camera shy! call me or stop by and ask for james 
all those showy folks dancing, running and holla'n don't impress me when your spirit and fruit is rotted. discernment us real-you can't fool me!! or god! … 
i honestly think it’s so sad how much people are judged and laughed at just because of the stuff they enjoy or find comfort in whether it be listening to kpop or watching anime. don’t let people’s reactions and judgment stop you from doing what you love and truly enjoy. 
wrote this a while back and did nothing with it. this friday night seems as bad a time as any to release it into the world. “initial coin offerings: blip on the radar, or evolution of the capital markets?” … 
go for it you sad fool. easy way to get yourself a ban and a conviction for stalking. although blocking you would work too, or are you that thick? i'd put money on the latter. 
no plans right now. for mobile, we recommend using a laptop or, if you're in canada, you can get our ios version for free -- it's in soft launch. 
found your profile a bit incomplete. two adjectives missing. 1. "biased" historian and columist 2. "inconsequential" author. or is it that word limits of twitter didnt let you post your complete profile? 
not seen any for a few months until nye when i watched 3 or 4 when ironing. it's usually famine or feast. 
the fire and fury release allows the trump-stone rule of “it doesnt matter if its true or not, so long as it attracts attention” to backfire on them :) 
to stay in bed or take trip to bk..decisions decisions 
why dont yoongi just call hoseok to confirm or yoongi should also come over to hoseok's house #btsoutcastd4 
what is there to do in toledo on saturday night? somebody through a lil kick it or something. 
playing the new @ playstackgames tiny armies this is a early access game epic pvp game play can join battles or create your own play as long as you want leave game you still keep everything you won *download* 
@ nancypelosi @ senschumer perhaps democrats, the press and media should eat more fish. it will either improve their iq or put them to sleep. either way it is an improvement. 
i'm just debating whether i should get it or not haha 
@ noah_schnapp you always listen 80’s jams or just when u are in stranger things? 
i got confused because i forgot it was game over for hoseok since it asked if he wanted to keep synced or not 
hormone imbalances, physical defects among internal organs, asherman's syndrome, genetic disorders or chromosomal disorders, can all cause lack of or delayed menstruation - many can be fixed but idk what to tell you if you think no woman has ever gone her whole life w/o periods. 
the only people who brag about their intelligence or wealth are those who are insecure about people thinking they are not intelligent or rich. 
ok, but how the hell do u get them folded or "tucked" that nicely to fit in the pillowcase....oh,lordy you should see how mine are folded..especially the fitted ones...lol! 
are you saying @ fcbarcelona didn't win anything before, between or after any of these signings? … 
spiritual or religious? 
junior high is the key to it all folks- athletics and academics. win ‘em or lose ‘em from 11-14. gotta win ‘em!! … 
i just voted for #cancelloganpaul. share this and tylt the conversation. or rt◢ 
citrus has an anime?!,! ugh seriously not my cup of tea but like might take a look or two at the episode, for the gays of course 
today's survey: ukip achieved brexit with 1 mp. would you support a new uk in eu party or join an established party to #remainnotretain 
doctors can't judge pain but they can warn of encroaching dependency. the seller should not be able to make huge profits & receive government subsidies for ineffective drugs or drugs of addiction. #auspol 
logan when are u coming back i have been crying because i wait everyday waiting on u please answer me or post a vid please 
it only takes two or three for god to be in the mist 
31. once when i was really little (6 or 7), my teachers had black boards and for some reason i really wanted them so everyday i would sneak in one chalk in my pocket but one day i got caught and got slapped 
well, he’s a turtle. was bound to happen sooner or late. 
yup. it's just 1 season with like 7 or 8 episodes. 
it is helpful to keep in mind that someone's critique (good or bad!) of our performance is in no way a comment upon the value of our person. 
kyle kuzma is having a stellar rookie year and being overshadowed by communist daddy lavar ball ...smh .. i'm telling you cut negativity at jump or it becomes a serious problem smh 
instant pot or crockpot. lightly salt/pepper meat so it’s versatile throughout the week. spiralize all the veggies! 
wow music and these few bands make me so happy. when i watch louis interviews or watch him live shows it just makes me feel emotions so strong it's insane. nothing else could ever make me feel this way, i am grateful i've found something so amazing in my life. 
awesome, it'll be so good! shots or mixed. 
sorry, i was asleep. oh! very cute! your picture is very good!! 
"you would have had to join the line of pretty boys trying to get under my skirt." she winked and took another drink. "your turn, truth or dare?" 
the weekend isn't over just yet! wind down and join us for a beer or two and the best chicago-style #pizza, chicago dogs, or texas smokehouse #barbecue. #sundayfunday 
so @ enews is interviewing james franco & he's nominated...so we all are just going to forget that time he set up sex w/a 17year old girl or nah? #goldenglobes 
jus got this fine ass girl number the other day. n she only txt me back when i first txt her good morning. i wanna chat wit her n get to know her more but i don't wanna seem thirsty. should i jus hit her up? or wait til morning again? lol idk #questions 
@ jack_septic_eye. what other charity events are you looking to do this year..or are you open to suggestions from the fans? 
your friend is either the best friend ever or a real brave man lol 
lol xd its not your fault its splatoon. i bet a sniper was involved. or maybe a blaster or a laggy roller 
saying hello to me or him? 
anyone need 1 to run tonight? i run le sub or can run 2nd ar. 
#mohawkdaily #rosegang #watercolor hit my dm or text 718-200-4401 salt for ur next tattoo… 
i do not know or understand why some people deem certain victims worthy of being heard/defended/believed/cared for and others left to twist in a solitary nightmare hell. i just know i am so sorry whenever it happens to anyone. 
having all the $$ in the world does not mean you have a chance at presidency or can succeed at it. oprah has zilch chance of becoming president 
or you just don't want to be bothered... 
still deciding if this latte duster is high fash or jesus couture. am i the jesus of fashun?… 
in uk, victims of sexual assault with mh problems or learning disabilities are 40% to 67% less likely to have their attacks referred for prosecution. … #timesup #metoo 
god is always there he have the reason and you have to understand something dibt ve afraid to be hurt or hurt someone but be careful always god is always there watching and giving us a lesson 
the wording confuses me. are they designing two new skins, or just renaming one skin from joule and samuel? 
throwing up or cold? 
not to be dramatic or anything but my ears have never been more blessed than they are at this current moment right now thank you 
have you ever seen or read a play by amy herzog called "4000 miles"? if not...well, you'd totally get it. 
or 28-7 when it mattered most 
i for one would be totally ok with the entire trump tribe ending their joy crushing sacrifice and crawling back to their little hive in trump tower, never to be seen or heard from again. please, don't feel put out on my account 
double bonus points (if you're old like me) and it had a metropolitan or woolco 
"i gonna date archie or jughead" "not people one person" … 
anytime a book or any work of art can do that, it is to be treasured! 
i hope the little boy who modeled for that h&m shot is doing ok!!! eating ice cream or something!! and hopefully as unaffected as possible 
if anyone ever has a problem with something i’ve said or done, please tell me so i can apologise and sort myself out. i’m extremely clueless so sometimes i don’t realise if i’ve said or done something wrong, & i really do mean well so the last thing i want is to hurt someone 
if this doesn't make your eyes a bit damp, please see a doctor. if your heart isn't also warmed a bit by ryan's note however, plz check in with your local minister or chaplain. god bless you young ryan. we're praying with you too. … 
corbyn benefitted from millions of pro-eu tactical votes last time, and took each one as an endorsement of his stance. i too will vote lib dem or green. i'll never vote tory, but to me labour looks like red ukip, and corbyn doesn't deserve my vote. 
with goku having ultra instinct and vegeta having perfected blue can a new vegeto match or even beat jiren 
i chose onion in the poll, but i doubt i could give up either. for reals, you'd have to take a finger off me or something instead. we buy a minimum of 5 of those 3 lbs bags of garlic per month, and use at least 2 red onions per day, more if we eat more than once in a day. 
want to know the percentage of your customer service tickets that can be automated or augmented with the agent.ai platform? let us show you how #ai can work alongside your service team. schedule a call here: 
...to come here? or is if for the freebies that dems have allowed & openly push? a person should want to come to the u.s. to live as an american, & that means respecting american laws, systems, customs, & practices. not--not--to re-create the hellholes they want to leave. 
notice how he's already moved the needle regarding the range of discussion. chain migration. visa lottery. e-verify. the wall. he will get all - or there will be no deal. trust me. his ability to get negotiating partners to give him everything he wants is the stuff of legends. 
i always get so nervous abt my interests/hyperfixations bc i don't. wanna overwhelm or annoy ppl with them ;_; 
tomorrow there must be a promo or sneak-peek of 14x09 #greysanatomy 
i think we are set considering we have four or five guys who never play. can’t wait to listen 
killing a savable dog because of human allergies -- guess what -- doesn't conform to asilomar accords, the gold standard for no-kill. because #nyc has no pem, the contractor can kill for any reason. or none at all. … 
hi, i'm giving you n100 flat cashback on your first recharge or bill payment. to accept, use code 'ibrahh81' to sign up. enjoy the app: 
i really hope we get more devilman media. or more adaptions of go nagais work. his latter getter robo stuff is amazing and and talks about transhumanism and shit. 
interesting. could well be refl issue. since viasat2 is understood to be using beam-hopping to improve coverage (dankberg's new tech comments at the time) i was wondering if something went wrong with the ferrite switches or the controller. 
i don’t fuck with that kid shit you either with me or not i don’t need someone who comes and goes 
it's happening all over my current solution is walking, an old clunker for around town and i rent something nice if i'm with clients or have a wedding or something to go to. i don't lose any value that way 
no - not armed or striking out - just a personal afront to civilization in general 
i don't know! i worried about dog. i've been hoping that sam and lydia or aaron would rescue him from that horrid family! 
online workshop: research proposal writing in the context of administrative and/or secondary use of data … 
if you're going to slap somebody, go hard or go home. dude went home. 
clout or having debts u can always pay off ur debts but u cant always have the clout u kno the answer 
lets you organise your public contents with mainstream and give you full control to identify people you do not want to follow you and avoid them stealthily until when you deem it right to unavoid them or block them outright. it has kids corners as well 
or how about when#45 say anything,look, point and breathe, we all would be drunk for the next 3+ years 
daca is due to expire this year in march anyway, so the dems will need to come to our table. the wall will be built first or hey, we'll just let daca run out, 
your wedding dress and decor are a big part of your big day! which style is your favorite? 1,2,3,4, or 5 
i wonder if the @ seahawks offense is the same, who will the #12a blame? will it be @ petecarroll or @ dangerusswilson ? #seahawks #thinking 
basically you're either with corbyn or "wrong" 
senior pentagon soldier warns isis: quit or be shot in the face, beaten with entrenching tools … 
does it have to be black or can i usr my double double 
why doesn’t ucf pick up the phone and call ‘bama, uga, osu, clem, psu. the phones they used to call maine & maryland work the same as the ones to call bama or uga. also.. none of those schools are going to ucf. it’s a fish bowl compared to where they play. has to be neutral site. … 
so my blockchain is ready to blockchain before the blockchain can even blockchain the blockchain or change its blockchain while it blockchains for the blockchain. 
i'm sure you're right. it's just astounding to me. the lengths people will go to hold on to delusions, to explain away any facts or incongruities so as to keep their faith. 
i think you’ll see more believers soon. lots of important russia-gate related leaks and discoveries the past week or so. people are just a bit fatigued by the whole thing at the moment. this would be the perfect time for the trump-russian-hooker-pee-pee-tape to surface. #pray4pee 
oh hell yeah. i always said anyone messes with my kids or anyone's kids and i'd flat them alive. i hate effing hate pedophile's. furnace and huge ash pan is my way of thinking 
give gifts, buy or sell anything and even store private data all for free.nobody likes social platform that takes away control from users - we built this social network service to help you control how people interact with you or your contents online. it 
what exactly is it that the democrats have ever compromised on? nothing. it's their way or the highway. dirty harry reid was the one who changed senate voting rules. read a history book. 
u right. u got me. i take that part back. still, i’m not an asshole or the devil so those just don’t pertain to this cap. … 
i always buy him back when possible but each time i fuse or discard him i die a little inside. 
it's not free, that's the point. we have to pay for all these public services. is there an easier question than in or out? simple question and an answer given. #bbcqt 
incase for the new followers.., this is what i draw whenever i'm bored or have a small amount of spare time to waste with my silly chibi art. ᕕ-ᐛ-ᕗ #noctisluciscaelum 
some good crossing here or there would take him to another level... i was a critic but not anymore! 
i love elle! (is it pronounced like the letter l, or like ellie?) 
friends don’t talk shit about friends. sorry. if you talk shit about your “friend”, you’re either not a real friend, or have been fake to them the entire time. either way, the relationship was never real. 
or rather... easier. 
"this is no longer productive or engaging. perhaps we could try it again at another time once you've had a chance to get your thoughts together." (i get this one all the time) 
why are you raising your voice? you're really scared aren't you? or really paranoid? 
if grapefruit was a person it would be jessica valenti or some shit 
if you commit one or two crimes you go to jail if you commit 1000 you go free i think that applies 
unacceptable! corruption abounds in the liberal world-they just change the laws or ignore them! rogue judges think they are kings! 
fall back and i'll catch you. unless i faint or something. 
idk why i attract so many friends or people into my life must be my bomb ass personality or my dope ass rare to find loyalty 
it's hard for some of these people to understand different cultures or different countries. their pseudo patriotism and theological obsession with 45 leaves them completely isolated behind a wall of mistrust and out right racism. pretty sad way to go through life. 
how many people do you know who could work somewhere for a year and a half and not make a single outside-of-work friend? or live somewhere for that matter 
editing a video now. hopefully it'll be uploaded today or tomorrow. 
obama rips fox news viewers: ‘you are living on a different planet’ #foxnews so glad this is not out president anymore. wish we had the power to send him into exile somewhere where we don't have to see or listen to his preaching. 
if someone can find me the real instrumental of family feud or remake it to 90% accuracy i’ll get on my malcolm x, black panther mixed with some dalai lama steez 
crb ashwani lohani ji . south eastern railway ke adra division ke (bksc)bokaro steel city me aaj bhi 50% engh staff officers ke ghar or office me ghum fir ke apni naukri par kr rhe hai...pls enquiry kijiye...thanks .. @ railminindia 
i always do what i promised for the people i love or care about, and to my professional colleagues. my work is my bond. it's how we were raised and had things modeled to us as kids. 
who’s messier you or sandra? 
do you think he gets really mellow or paranoid or like super earnest 
fun fact #friday: burrowing #owls are so named because they live in #underground burrows that were dug by prairie dogs or squirrels. 
the cruise av does not need a steering wheel or pedal because it is completely autonomous 
/ anyways i'm pissed and gonna order a cheeseburger so i'll bbl or something. goddamn. 
why the fuck are they complicated ugh wait or maybe im just the one who's complicated haha 
silence is an endorsement of forgetfulness at best or at worst tacit enabling. 
and yet, here you are.... or haiti - 219 murders per 100,000 residents per year. norway - 0.56 murders per 100,000 residents per year. haiti gdp per capita - $739.60 norway gdp per capita - $70,812.48 = haiti #shitholecountry 
ahhshaahshshshhs it's not anything i'm just??? u know that dejavu feeling? idk. this reminded me of a movie or an anime or a character or a singer and it's on the tip of my tongue but i can't remember aksndhao ignore me 
#31dayswithbts park jimin. you are an absolute angel. everything about you is just stunning whether it's your dancing or your angelic voice. i couldn't be prouder of how far you've come. thank you so much for everything, please take care of yourself and i love you 
east chicago needs help, they are our fellow citizens and they (or anybody) should not be left behind. 
hey can anyone give me an @ alltimelow or @ waterparks quote/lyric for my senior bio?? funny or serious. thanks in advance to anyone who sees this! 
it was just one more nail in the coffin between the school district and i, but i always found it hilarious that they called me in with a print out. "do you know what this is?" like it's some kind of gateway drug, a pistol with ammo, or something. 
answering machine, or voicemail ? 
"error chuchu etc. are inevitable after the windows 10 upgrade or windows 10 anniversary update." i did not fuqin chose this shit 
or a husband. got tooooooo much work to do 
not sure if i have a cold or the plague but leave it to me to get tomato soup on my comforter 
missing souls or courage or both … 
as far as the alert that was sent out, these are produced by the state of hawaii. if you have concerns that you were left off of this notification list, please contact your state office or the hema. dm us for more info! *erica ramos 
who are you going for philly or atlanta — philly! … 
i need an unlocked/or tmobile iphone 6s plus for the liw. can you help with this? @ fatkiddeals 
it's the old white or not white ladies whose grands are trans and its ok. 
bill i just sat on a 6 hour flight with no food or even snacks. i had to eat a qdoba by myself in the airport like a chump 
fish or sausages? — i'm allergic to most fish so i don't fuck around there so by default sausages … 
i don't just "oh okay" at dan's pics all the time trust me. i scream about most of them, same with phil! just when i'm in the wrong mindset i just go "oh" and move on. i don't care if it's dan or phil who posted the pic, i'll just not be in the right mindset to be happy about it 
how do you know that though? i don’t see pictures or even an episode description from 3.13 anywhere? 
i'm not accepting their agenda by finding these things upsetting. that's easy to say about some random racist who you never have to interact with, live around, work under, or have near your child. but for a lot of people these racist bigots aren't something that can be ignored. 
have you been to @lakesidesurrey this year wayne for some @ bdodarts? didn’t see you or @ andyfordham180 there this year? did see @ hellsbellsy tho, which was nice. @ wayne501mardle 
[kof tdr red] kof mugen torneo clase b:team power girls vs team war or fhange (parte 2): via @ youtube 
yeah, or we can just use it as free advertisement...that's totally what i did...yeah 
who are you to judge what people like or do not like? besides, supporting artists and their work is only helpful to build a strong community. it's ok to not like reylo, but it's just as ok to love it and express that love. 
ok so in the 2nd half were we running some cover 2 or was my eyes deceiving me 
many of the daca recipients show more respect 4 trump than he shows 4 them. any respect he receives is more than he deserves. giving a narcissist power is a recipe 4 disaster. giving him nukes is a recipe 4 global disaster! he shows no respect 4 anyone or any nation. we r a joke! 
eh, alphinaud gets better at least and its au ra or auri, not au'ra 
right! cause i’m 22 and i know i act like i’m 19 or 20 … 
so i am crazy so i am going to stream!! for like an hour or two. gonna hit up the beautiful game of es: oblivion!! 
synopsis for iatm ed kennedy is a 19 year old cab driver with no real ambitions or goals in his life. he still resides in his hometown, well his other siblings have gone on to have much success. outside of work, ed's life is spent playing cards with his 3 best friends,....... 
totally true! judy kuhn is so so talented! she’s amazing, i think amanda didn’t use as much vibrato as would a broadway show, or a live performance, like i saw. 
of course, if russia looked like saudi arabia, it would be a long time since mccain and josh barro 'or even rubio' would sing the praises of russia 
i told the kids come inside. i can’t leave out my room so if somebody fight again they gon just have to call 911, or jesus. and that’s that. 
if you didn't get a raise or a bonus, you paid for someone who did. 
many of us are quick to put our skills and capabilities down, or take #failure to heart. but nicola deverson, #accountant and #mentor, believes that there’s more to it. here’s our interview on why your #attitude matters: @ envisionacc 
giving brees second chances or more opportunities to comeback isn’t good. he hasn’t been starting at qb this long for no reason! damn keenum, y’all only up 10! 
this “happy” video of streisand & garland is intense. is it just me or dies garland give flashes of looking haunted? streisand seems to genuinely enjoy the duet. … 
any recruitment agents want to list their #ai #ml or #datascience #jobs on its easy and free. 
signs he or she could be cheating #infidelity 
@ cemalezel what you do is amazing. thank you for helping those than many ignore or abuse on a daily basis. thank you for remembering that the homeless are human beings too <3 
its of those days where i dont wanna do anything or be with anyone 
bitch i love anissa lmfao like i really love her. or not i would have beat her ass already lmao 
the other consulate judges whether they are members of the collegium or beyond the collegium are equal participants in the decision making process, entitled to make suggestions and ask for information," 
is this you drunk or sober? i honestly can't tell 
completely agree. dealings he has with bibi have nothing to do with whether or not he’s an anti-semite...and he definitely toes the line. 
it's official mario and i are back to gether if you have a ploblem with that come see me i will give it to you straight i love that man no one better not bother him or you answer to me 
is it just me or does the creepy guy look like paul kantner? … 
really!!!??? truth be told the only controversy around trump, is the media lies! the fake russian collusion, which appears to be bought by, or, on behalf of the clinton gang. please step out of this circle of lies and spin. past proves future! 
serious tweet: i am hiking to the top of mt. whitney this coming season. would prefer to hike up with others. if anyone is interested or knows of a group, let me know! 
nuts are awesome. i don't even mind raisins. i've never been a fan of gummy worms ... or gummy anything. i'm lucky that (as a diabetic) i never really had that kind of sweet-tooth. enjoy! 
all athletic events set for tomorrow have been postponed or cancelled. reschedules will be announced. 
if known liar little dicky durbin actually wanted a deal on daca.... the flaccid nincompoop wouldnt have ran to the press right after the closed door meeting to lie his arse off. democrats dont want a deal because they dont want trump or the usa to win on anything. 
i have a pretty good big brother... not to brag or anything @ 
i've never seen lbgtq beaten in iceland unless you falsified info, we ask and you better tell or don't do. 
warehouse clerk: count, check and receive product. move boxed or bagged inventory.<br... #jobs #lajobs 
@ ksuophia is holding rush this semester! keep a lookout for ωφα on both kennesaw and marietta campuses for our information tables! message us your questions or find and opa sister on campus! #ωφα #nationalservicesorority 
13 or 27 
"in any situation where you are left feeling hurt, disappointed, frustrated or angry, your job is to get the learning out of it. you can't just lick your wounds and call somebody else evil. you have to get the learning, so you don't repeat the pattern again." @ humanworkplace 
took a risky ride to work today! yes, naghabal habal ako! no uber, no grab, no jeep or fx! stress!! 
that was a glorious night. america threw a party & samantha, ben & hillary were not invited. hopefully the fbi sees or hears something in the footage that they can use to indict samantha & bennie. … 
radiodemiserumors-fullmonty-butloong is now playing, live! on the world's first, 24/7 all-original programming #talkradio channel: #crusade! click here to listen: … "king-sized truth, from radio sized speakers" or download our free app 
started about a year ago. it’s a crutch at work but nice on weekends to get coffee and go on a walk or do some reading. 
are you saying that their belief system was psychopathic or that communism just got unlucky and happened to have psychopaths for leaders? 
i can almost always notice if taeyeon is wearing her clothes again for the second time or thrid time. i've basically have her outfits engraved in my mind. i have no job lol. 
aint no lookin back nigga it’s now or never 
i wish the ufc would do an event in the middle east maybe in abu dhabi or dubai so i can go. 
what the hells up with my shower. i gotta pick between hell or antarctica 
plus its a bad podcast. he can’t edit audio or control a narrative. 
cujo – intelligent network protection for your home or small office 
“you should never tell anyone that ‘you are not the only one suffering’, ‘everyone’s like you’, or ‘if you have the courage to die, you can live’. physical scars and psychological scars are different. [+] 
is it possible to develop feelies for someone just from hearing their voice or am i the only one?? 
spca montérégie: recommend or lay animal neglect and/or cruelty charges against the person(s) respo... via @ ukchange 
it’s not an intelligence test and certainly not a civility or honesty test 
i mean, did anyone really expect him to come out & say anything derogatory about trump's mental or physical health? 
@ dnc democrats (or @ cnn ) alarmed by harsh language cc: @ ingrahamangle @ foxnews #hannity @ rushlimbaugh @ abc @ nbcnews @ cbsnews @ nytimes @ msnbc @ washingtonpost @ huffpost @ voxdotcom @ vanityfair @ … 
bummer! well, the baby is coming out one way or another. and the baby could still turn on their own. 
either this stop & shop has run out of the only vegetable i need right now, or i’ve forgotten what a zucchini looks like. 
0° ice/snow playoff loss to the jags lost cole lost mccutchen trump coming to town any good news from the pens or mueller? come on 2018... 
the leather arm chairs and foot stolls or the movie? 
6. i'm not sure, i really want to do like voice acting or singing, just just sell my art(it's not good enough for that tho) 
i was 3 or 4 when rock the boat came out. that’s one of the first songs i can remember hearing 
just b there or be square 
lmao someone actually thinks didier supports p/c (or any of the french skaters) 
as someone who has said #metoo this is just belittling the whole movement and making actual assault seem less likely to be valid in the eyes of those who usually don't support women in the first place or who are on the fence and might otherwise be changed to start supporting them 
this will be the official mar-a-wanko state media in a year or two. buckle up. … 
which one is the better one... sky zone or free fall?? 
fuck if i know or care. 
cowboy or cowgirl boot and hat chocolate lollipops12 qty via @ etsy 
you didn’t “come too late” or whatever tbh it just took you something huge to open your eyes 
maxine waters, or kamala harris, cory booker? john mccain? the list goes on and on,,,,jeff flake? phew! can’t pick just one! 
well i’m sorry. my child did something that i’m proud of and i wasn’t trying to brag. why put kendall or i down bc of something she accomplished. (this is a mother of a kid in her class) 
when you're reading a series, chapter after chapter, you become so close to the characters, almost like family. it's traumatizing when a main character is injured or dies. #bookworm #reading … 
i keep my mouth shut and i keep to myself bc i can’t deal or whatever 
domain name for or best offer ecommerce or auction obo website o b o … 
i saw this on my cousins insta a couple months ago & i still don’t have an answer so i took it to twitter.............what is better, all of chance the rappers songs as a whole or just lose yourself by eminem? rt when done 
“let us follow other gods”& let us worship them, you must not listen to the words of that prophet or dreamer. the lord your god is testing you to find out whether you love him with all your heart & with all your soul.it is the lord your god you must follow, & him you must revere. 
new spider-man information or 
lol ohhh shit so u speaking for just yourself or for all scorpio’ women 
im waiting for a camila cabello ft. lucy hale or lucy hale ft. camila cabello 
or eddie's wok and roll, those are the only west-side restos i know and they are amazing 
srsly ... ? classless af or clueless? methinks both! wtf 
and if i rob and bank i'll also go to jail. not because the law is wrong or unfair but because i chose not to "participate" in society in a positive way. 
7. uhhhh any fucking hobbit, i want to sit around and smoke while bullshitting about the rowdy kids or some shit. 8. a girl. 8.1.4. a million different things, i didn't know what i wanted to be. 
one of my biggest fears is that i will never find anyone that truly understands me or loves me as much as i love them. 
are you avoiding someone ? or trying to ? — no i don't have to avoid anyone! if i don't like someone i would cut t… … 
rt: home international: every strong organization must have strong administration. we are thankful for every “i” that’s dotted and every “t” that's crossed and every call that is answered for a child in need. partner with us today! #guatemala #home #or... 
if someone has eye smile naturaly and he/she is smiling, look if there is wrinkles or not. that's the point of the sincere :) 
so east/west is more or less eliminated. it will be something like red vs blue? 
is there blood on my hand or is it red marker? don't ask me cause i have no clue 
go to richmond or dc to spend my h & m gift card 
see the status of people without entering the conversation: you can see the status of people whether connected or last seen from the main screen of whatsapp plus. 
bullshit criminal bob there is no bipartisan daca deal it did not fund the wall or end chain migration or the visa lottery. #buildthatwall #deportthemall 
the people who stood behind trump november 8th 2016 will stand behind him again in 2020. no video of rural americans talking down on him or voicing concerns will change that. keep trying #fakenews 
raymond wanted me to take him an elote but i think his phone dead so how you want me too tell you when i’m there or on my way 
@ laanneey i found you! totally not creepy or anything... 
this is going to be something that we look back on every year or two and realize it was even worse than we initially realized. … 
i don’t know what’s more yummy the muffin or you 
i dunno, personally, after i had my first one, i've been more or less avoiding spankings. 
bruh zach sends me pictures of his balls after he shaves so i can let him know if he did a good job or not, shit i’m just trying to be helpful 
is this the guy that obama administration ordered deprted in 2009? the guy that exhausted mutiple appeals and extensions? the same guy? what other laws is this lady or the dem lawmaker wanting us to ignore? 
i would swerve to @ graysondolan lane if he answer my dm but i’ll stay in @ ethandolan lane if he answer my dm. or i’ll just forever be lonely b/c the twins don’t love me. *sigh* 
§ proactively feed information up the chain of command so that no one could accuse you of withholding or limiting it - paul falcone 
@ jakeowen when are you playing toledo, oh again.. or detroit. 
"um,, alright.." she honestly couldn't quite tell whether he was being serious or not, but...she didn't know how else to respond so- "that time i walked the streets searching for you far and wide, it was a little cold and lonely late in the night~" eh- the best way i can » 
is this a no or what … 
stuck in the office or at home? that's cool... get a pint delivered to your door! we're on… 
amending myself: for pcs, patch all the software *and* apply a bios update that has been released by your oem/motherboard manufacturer in jan 2018 or later. if your oem is no longer supporting the board with updates, like mine, you are in for some hardware upgrades. 
there are just five--5--beautiful cats in danger tonight! they may be young or seniors, friendly or timid, strays... 
is it just me or is it annoying how people claim "kpop will take over the world" when in reality it's just beyoncé doing so? i'm getting tired of seeing articles mention the entire korean music industry when the only ones who has made a name for herself worldwide is beyoncé 
i just voted for #teamsamhunt. share this and tylt the conversation. or rt◢ 
speaking nothing but truth. there’s almost no way to come up unless you use someone or other people. 
i think it's worth noting tht she's also alot shorter than me like she 5'3 or 5'4 and i'm 5'8 and a halfish 
they'd feed us c-rations in emergencies or when flying we usually carried a case of c's for lunch and sometimes supper. we also had k's 
can you apply for citizenship with daca?if someone falls outside those circumstances, lawful immigration will be challenging, if not impossible. the two most common ways to receive a green card include sponsorship by family members or employers, yet many daca recipients may not 
guardiola wants ´three or four´ signings but rules out sanchez alternative 
@ senatorleahy @ senjackreed @ senatorbaldwin @ senbooker @ senblumenthal @ senduckworth @ senatorheitkamp go to the floor and put the agreed to plan on tuesday or a versiom of it to a vote. a shutdown isn't good for chip or daca folks, gov. workers or citizens. 
lol do you have a corgi? or want one 
it's not a fakehope again... right? or no? 
if the republicans retain the both houses in 18 and either kennedy (81), ginsburg (84) or both leave scotus within the next 3 yrs, sen. reid’s nuclear option will be in play and at least 1 conservative judge will be appointed to begin the dismantling of rowe v wade. defend life. 
coogs did the thing did you see or hear?!?!? … 
or two 30ft ladders. which you could literally make out of wood. as to portability, people carry them up mt. everest. 
5. i guess being a director or editor 
i don’t lose i either win or learn a lesson . 
a few promoters say “jay shields only throws one or two events the whole year, and he only does it in memphis.... 
louis is gonna be live in about an hour or two and i’m very excited to watch my sun/son 
then just block or mute, there are alternatives. 
i bet it's a very important, or at least mildly interesting photograph 
i just remember as a child that, despite how bright i might have been, i could not get my head around the concept of "or lack thereof" 
“would you rather forget who you are or have everyone you know forget who you are instead?” what the fuck alexa 
abolish every single law which have anything to do with religion or there won't be anything called india left in 20-30yrs remove religion from law books rewrite the constitution n for sake of nation don't copy this time from other countries 
i'm not concerned with your opinion as to whether we're heartless or not. i could care less! what i do care about, is equal treatment under our laws, and that my family, and my children's interest aren't placed subservient to those not here legally. 
ha! ron or lav. sounds like the czech brother from snl's "two wild and crazy guys" sketch. 
getting better every day.....can’t stop , won’t stop...roll with me...or..get the fuck outta my way #allgasnobrakes 
i am sure this doesn't bother @ realdonaldtrump at all or get him all steamed up during the … 
your 2nd session, any questions text peter 917.660.1412 or call the shop 718.784.7400 to make an… 
when i go mainland this year i’m gonna find out if imma live there or not 
@ senschumer oath of office. upon taking office, senators-elect must swear or affirm that they will "support and defend the constitution. maybe you should start doing that... 
do you think they just pull a name from a hat, or do they actually work for the insanity? 
do i hit the gym today & not tomorrow or not today & possibly not tomorrow? 
gonna rise into the light in or out of time 
do you think you could handle being a celebrity? — i think so, but also i think it would depend on what my career was or what i’d be famous for. … 
passion really, what a typical eagles fan. i'm 25 min away from philly. i know all to well how these uneducated drunk passionate criminals are. the city will probably burn win or lose. 
tony couldn't hold it back anymore. steve was drawing him in whether he meant to or not. he shifted in his seat, moving to lean across the table, his hand caressing the skin beneath it. with one more look into blue eyes, he closed the remaining distance, kissing steve softly. 
start with a quarterback. you know, like greise or marino. get a coach, see, shula or johnson. mix in a big dash of luck. should be all you need. 
“a not-so-simple yes or no” … @ 
@ repadamschiff neither i nor my friends are russian bots or trolls. i can assure you that we are well informed on the background info and supporting documents. #releasethememo . patriots are sick of #demonrat stonewalling. @ devinnunes 
careful using "penetrating" twice in one sentence...or at all in the context of this article 
idk what i’m crying over more. the @ patriots or @ oliviaculpo ‘s snapchat story ... 
"find a role model or mentor" is some of the advice #inventor rob malen of @ brushyball offers in this #podcast interview. 
which force will prevail--money, survival or love? … 
neither did the giants in xlii or xlvi 
our good friend @ mickey_blu3z tryed our honey roasted lamb recipe for sunday dinner and done a great job! chef agekum in the building! (also the mac and cheese in the building! 20%off #originalflavacookbook out now via link in bio or amazon uk 
is he for real or just fucking with us 
but tv shows, and sometimes literature, often portray identical twins as having opposite personalities...but they are far less likely to have opposite personalities than fraternal twins or regular sibling pairs, since they do share a lot of dna. environment does play a factor,tho 
i would murder to see daughter rite on the big screen. one of the best movies i saw last year, or ever. 
yea.... you want to take rights away and shut down opposing views. funny how you say one thing then another..... almost like you are two faced or something.. 
kap is a disease that no owner wants or needs, simple. 
lol i'm rubbish at coordinating my fingers differently simultaneously. or feet. like if you need to hold on with the other. i can't just keep doing other notes with the other hand/leg. hahaha 
btw i haven’t posted any pics since last year (prob april or may) due to my insecurities but i’m working on my confidence and hopefully i’ll keep posting some more in the future 
membership monday! join wvna/ana for $288 a year or $24.50 a month. membership includes free & discounted ceu’s for details check out the link below. register before national nurses week for free ce. #wvnurses #education 
this 3 bed home won't last long! ping me for details or a showing. #realestate 
i totally agree with you. why has nothing been done? this is a sad situation. i would hope if it were me that somebody in my family or a friend would do something before pics like this were floating around on twitter. it's very sad and not funny. but, something needs to be done. 
if it's made illegal, black market procedures would most likely emerge and those would be very risky for women's health. people are going to do it regardless if it's legal or not, but imo, i have no business telling what people can or can't do with their bodies. 
"love one another or perish" 
i’ve ridden a bike since i was 7. i was even a bike courier in the city for a couple of years! despite great experience i no longer feel safe or relaxed riding in melbourne. need massive shift in thinking to prioritise people walking, cycling, transiting. 
i think she is on her way out (god, i hope so) because her story line is non existent any damn way. i really hope this isn't an arc just for a story for tessa and noah. they need to give mariah a love interest worthy of her, male or female. 
gosh. can we have some videos? just little snippets of stuff, some stories and reactions, not asking for a 24/7 twitch feed or anything. 
im so excited because i think i have enough for a vip ticket if they come here but lmao fuck what if they just drop the tickets when i’m sleeping or in school? tf am i supposed to do? 
oxfam i think you’re really losing it! what assets would those billionaires have had to liquidate, or not buy, in order to give $381 million each to the poor? would that have no implications for the real economy of the next years? … 
it is to be in the country or fl. get in line like everyone else 
or feed him after midnight. 
sometimes, i do things that make me feel horrible. and then i don’t know how to process the guilt. so the person i hurt tends to think that i don’t really care. but i do. i just want to be alone right now, watching a video or something, but i have so much work to catch up on. 
i liked a @ youtube video supplement for new born baby - necessary or not? info by guru mann 
or he may just keep that one plant foot strong and hit him with all nine over and over... mannnn either way my man patrick is doomed 
this is where we are now. i’m not certain if president trump thinks we’re all stupid, or if he’s this stupid, or... 
i watched it the other day and may or may not have teared up 
marco mentions apple probably knows it's losing the fight with respect to touch macs. i don't see any evidence that shows that or that apple believes touch-screens should come to macs. 
am i the only one that has noticed numerous ex-husker players either under achieving while at the university or overachieving in the pros? which one is it??? … 
debating on if i should get a baby sitter for my birthday. i don’t want to go out or anything. i just want to feel what it’s like to sleep through the night again lol 
i’m triggered but not starting a fight with an old man. probably will call me a dumb millennial who doesn’t know hockey or something. then i’d be off. 
are you excited for our next #huntershappening ? because we are! we're having a girl scout cookie & wine pairing event! this event will be by rsvp only! simply call or email us to get on the list. it will all go down on friday, february 23rd at our clubhouse from 5:30-7pm.... 
should i buy tog series or the raven cycle? 
a friend asked me to define my self: i told him i am advocate for: fighting cancer better medicine better health fighting against tobacco, alcohol, artificial sweeteners against obesity aging injustice any where or by any group colonization by whatever name etc. 
or maybe advice on how to #impeachtrump? 
“you cannot buy the revolution. you cannot make the revolution. you can only be the revolution. it is in your spirit, or it is nowhere.” ― ursula k. le guin 
yeah, i was referencing that "best beach in the world" nonsense. and no, melissa, that's a terrible list, since it doesn't include lanikai beach. clearly the author is mistaken. or was smoking crack when the list was made. 
i don't turn down free beer unless i already have one or i've hit my limit for the night. i'll be there! 
#dt10commandments -i am the best, no mag. covers better than mine name all hotels after me remember my golf day praise me daily don’t kill except aca, epa, daca, truth, justiceetc no adultery, just porn stars don’t pay taxes no fake news don’t covet trump tower or all my wives 
learn the fundamentals and how to use these essential c.a.r. forms. great class for newer agents or agents who want an overview or refresher on c.a.r. forms and disclosures. register by february 20th 9pm pst to reserve your seat. ~~> 
or quantum computer. i have enjoyed listening to quinn michaels. all these tech companies have roots in our government. you wanna have fun, use an onion router and tor. find 8chan's psychopolitics board and wander the great library. the internet we use is bear cave 
do you have your dorm room poster list checked off #ualberta? do you have 'cat hanging from tree', 'famous motivational quote' or 'classic 80's film poster'? well you can find them all (and other really nice pieces) at the poster sale in sub, on now! 
what weirder dressing dogs up or walking cats down the street? 
@ chasesupport is there any way to cancel a pending charge or do i have to wait for it to post? when i called csr she said i had to wait but i really don’t feel comfortable with that. 
now is this real or fake news regarding the spurs? 
feminists and creativity it's different things it's not bad and it's not about feminism when someone interested in many things besides washing dishes cooking or like to be independent. 
#writers #productivity tip #12: a $1000+ coffee machine or you could try the 2018-2019 calendar for #writers @ 
the wall or suction cups ? 
labour should make it clear that any contract with a duration longer than the next parliament will be considered to have been foisted on them under duress and may be terminated without notice or compensation - then watch the money-grabbers run 
and puerto ricans and anyone not white or orange 
i dont have the movies on my laptop but like, the subs on cr (for the show at least) are horribly timed so idk if i should buckle down and watch the movie on cr or what 
did you start your semester at ndu ? or you didn't register — nah i'm waiting till fall … 
good skill to everyone ( even my haters ) playing on @ playline tonight , whether it's on the app / website or in the twitter contests , let's get some more monies !!! 
aoune32!: "i had the same issue. do this this came from @ unitedlb 1. paste this link … 2. directly after the "=" symbol at the end of the above link, add your 4 or 5 digit document id number. this ca [...]" … 
these baseball hall voters that turn in throwaway or blank ballots need to have their voting rights rescinded. ridiculous 
#pet #psychics – gifted professionals or total scam? here's what i think! … 
am i a workacholic? thinking i may be at times. need a break for a few days from people, from life, from being no where near a laptop or my phone 
is it safer to be trapped in a room with aaron hernandez or michael jackson circa 2008 what's more impressive? sealing the deal with your best friends sister or graduating college with a 4.0 gpa? 
fuck cancer. too many people gone or hurting. 
- nunu didn’t insult her child or motherhood. esther is an expired victim enough is enough! #bkchatldn 
rub your feet exactly like in this video to never wake up with achy joints, edema or grogginess – your online... 
unconstitutional for venezuela’s constitution? you have read their constitution, or you are just applying our rules to them because well that makes sense? right? 
then only i had checked or had known that ohhhh angelique kerber that player or is she and as i through internet or her wiki read that yes ''german came back this in my mind dat ohhh a.kerber then olympic finalist of year2016!! so yess and then i did not try to watch your just f 
it was written by your side, ray. it's a spoof account. object: to upset or anger people. 
no worries mate u no where i am if ya need a chat or owt 
u either gonna sit back get cheated on (u better be gettin fully care of) and shut up, cheat back / do u too or just leave only options. lol 
yoooooo this guy got alzheimers or sumn … 
let's all make sure that this tragedy is not what marshall county is forever known for. let's make it known for strong, resilient, smart, caring, loving, and forgiving leaders. when a friend falls or stumbles, we say, "hang on, i got you." … 
i try to avoid consuming all warm or hot liquids such as coffee, tea, hot chocolate, urine, and the like. 
because you're civilised? you could give these people a perfect 1:1 vr simulation to indulge their darkest most depraved desires and after the first visceral thrill they would not be interested bevause or isn't a real person. they need to feel actually more powerful in real way 
i don't think the brewers will move domingo santana but stranger things have happen. i think they will likely invest in either arrieta or darvish based on this move. 
can he play tackle or cover the slot? 
i dont think i should help after that though. i warned him before hand of the condition, helped fund the fix, that should be it. i’d kinda like opinions on the whole matter, if im right or wrong 
it should be an extreme scenario, but unfortunately it's very common, and women are often told to ignore it (or even to feel flattered!) unless the guy is getting violent or handsy. 
is the plan to block certain websites or just to take out certain people? are you even capable? shouldn’t time and resources be better spent? 
check out the tax-time giveaway! 4,000 prizes totaling over $75,000. get a green dot or gobank account today! enter for a chance to win at: npn us/dc/pr ends 4/20/18 see rules: 
someone at work had told me you were dead; but i didn't think you had disappeared that well. you a ghost now, or what? <3 
rs if you ever need someone to talk to jus hmu, idc if it’s about some bitch or nigha, or any problems you goin through jus hmu ma i got you, idc if your having a bad day i’ll talk wit you about whatever 
pitchers and catchers report in 19 days, or in the case of the @ orioles, just catchers. 
wanted to go to ot or bowling but i don’t even deserve it fr. plus i have no friends lol 
make sure to talk on some of these points right here 45 @ realdonaldtrump in the next week or so when you tweet in regards to black history month and the so-called advancements that have been made … 
fair point... but im sure they meant xrp 
my life at 24 “do i want to spend my own money on this? or should i just wait and ask for it for christmas/my birthday/groundhog’s day??” 
come on i was so looking forward to the see through wall or maybe something like those f-52s trump was talking about 
private lessons deal - limited time offer! ends sunday jan 27th. purchase online or at the studio. great for... 
i get that global warming is a factor, but it's not like we're literally 2 days from the end. or even 2 years, for that matter. 
in between whether i'm social enough to go to mr. vg tonight or if i should go home and watch bbc pride and prejudice. 
(to be clear, i wouldn't imagine i was beth. i made up the people i imagined & they had no relation to anyone real or from a story. but i often named them after my favourite characters in books. i imagined them as though in my next life (!?!) maybe i could be them. weird me.) 
that would be great if your sister or someone could get it! i entered another comp. not out of greed, but because i’d like to win a for my my younger daughter (i have 2 daughters). it’s nice to win & to someone! my younger daughter has my beautiful grand baby & no 
@ potus @ realdonaldtrump @ gopchairwoman @ housegop @ senategop @ gop @ whitehouse rnc chairwoman ronna mcdaniel are you going to stand by what you said or is the money more important? stop remaining silent and condemn all. on judgement day money won't matter but honesty will. 
i think the law should find them culpable. i'm reminded of michael jackson's victims and the way some of the parents behaved. just bc someone is a "rock star" (singer or doc) doesn't mean you allow them to misbehave or take liberties. 
not yet but i've meaning to get into it for a while! to be honest i don't really know where to start, or if i need to go back to the beginning. 
please confirm if you still need help or if it was resolved. thank you! ^rd 
“no previous president has attacked a long-standing american institution such as the fbi — or specific fbi agents and law enforcement officials.” … 
real talk whats worse this or emoji 
do you play cod for the ps4 or xbox 1 
i plan on making some concept art tomorrow, because i have plenty of ideas for what i want things to look like. tonight is reserved for #starbound and/or #katawashoujo . 
coach t note: cultivating & changing the culture & attitude in a program is always the most important part of building or re-building a program. everyone has to buy into that for it to truly happen. 
dislike those friends who try to shut you up when you’re being loud & havin fun. or if you see someone you don’t like so you’re talkin’ shit out loud so they can hear you. like friend, talk shit with me out loud or be weird with me. 
or maybe they do have evidence. wonder why mueller wants to question him? wonder why trump wants to fire him? innocent people aren't afraid to testify or desperately trying to deflect on whats really happening. his own party is trying to get rid of him...for good reason. 
i feel like im in this state of caring where i care way to much or not at all. and neither of those states is good 
all i know is that my 6 hours of volunteering for @ oxfamgb will make the lives of people living in poverty a little bit easier. whether capitalism is a success or not, poverty still exists for millions and i’m glad oxfam continues to fight it, with or without your books. 
christian absolutes? is owning humans as inheritable property absolutely right or absolutely wrong? 
imagine not knowing how to cook or only learning for the purpose of gettinf a man 
i quess she had one or two in herjust curious isn’t the word b-tch a derogatory way to describe women ? 
clerk at the start of spooky streams maybe "long dark" or hearthstone? 
please don't let deeks go bad & try to kill daisy really want him to stay on for the rest of the season or even longer! #agentsofshield 
i love when people say "you never heard anyone call him racist before he ran for president". yeah, actually they did. you've just been living under a rock, in a bomb shelter, or off the grid. 
do you ever have those people that make you irrationally angry for stupid reasons or is that jus me 
did i just throw up or … 
i just told myself the girls going by whether you are prepared or not 
no kickoffs or extra points, and 5 points for field goals over 50 yards #xfl 
how do you know it was disgust? an eye roll can signify one of several emotions. or maybe you are a member of the eye-roll police? 
osampo rallies are the only event i usually have trouble with anymore, being honest. sif events are a thousand times easier to tier in because the event prizes stop at 160,000....unlike enstars or idolish7. 
unfollowing for your frequent spoiler article titles... somebody on your website (or maybe multiple people) is/are terrible 
cve-2018-6358 the printdefinefont2 function (util/listfdb.c) in libming through 0.4.8 is vulnerable to a heap-based buffer overflow, which may allow attackers to cause a denial of service or unspecified other impac... … 
yeah, maybe. or maybe c9 is playing the best mirage of this major. if you can't play two matches in a day, maybe stay home? 
was there something i could say or something i should not have done? 
piers: "bloody hell! i haven't been relevant in ages or mentioned recently. i know..." 
i do. eye watering amounts. which then get wasted. i know, having dealt with government extensively 
at least a month or two. [snickers] 
a lesson on socialism. so glad clinton and/or sanders didn’t win in 2016. #mega . hopefully president trump can keep america $$ in place and the globalists new money scheme to replace the american $$ doesn’t come to fruition. … 
you're wrong or you lie. there where no polish death camps. learn some history. best wishes, wojtek 
i’m so so sorry nick , thank you for spreading words of wisdom, please join us june 8 or 9 in wisconsin, fighting against wrongful convictions and corruption in our justice system, we need change, we need a movement, we need a leader !!!! … 
you know that feeling when you try to share something important to you with your parents or even your friends and they brush it off like it’s nothing? yah that sucks 
i woke up thinking i had a tablet or s/t in the future 
the entire challenge of episode three was described as well as an obvious reference to who made it into top 8 by physically describing them? (obviously not gonna quote it here or i’d be a hypocrite) 
nick jonas looks like he could be useful for an hour or two. 
or if you have a gmail you can add "+[your text here]" and it'll go to the same address 
are you or someone you know interested in an autocad designer role? check out this job! 
replace ronda or stephanie 
mert: brave, manly or virile 
she should take her happy uninformed and uneducated self to venezuela or north korea where she can test her theory! 
i'd settle for sleeping for half of that, without waking up the dozen or so times i usually do... 
too soon. either would be a good vp. like to see gavin newsom, andrew cuomo, adam schiff or chris murphy head the ticket. 
mr president, can you do anything about predatory student loans. a lot of us in our 50’s have them, were unemployed in the early 2000’s, and now are either unemployable or caring for elderly parents which leaves us in default. i got one want to start living my life again 
someone told me yoongi is highly slept on cuz he hasn't got alot of fans or like he ain't fans' biases* as much as for example tae or jimin and i actually agree that's why there isn't as many books of him on wattpad compared to again tae or jimin which is annoying but eh that's 
kinda witchery? i either want one or the other 
a true woman or man of god will need to always keep themselves in check as leaders. are we building an empire... 
ummm...thats what im doing. i didnt say idiots or dumbasses, intellectuals or rightthinkers. i just said people like you. people who share similar views on the film. 
"that's good because it's become a trend lately of people and pokemon mating. i'm not that desperate." *this is coming from a 29 year old that is desperately for a boyfriend or girlfriend out of the fear of dying alone.* … 
under no circumstances will rev dr mmj blackmonahan alter or change what god has joined together & ordained moritz-blackmon-couric 1440005y. 
#dbfz i really like this corner combo. you can either go for more damage with super or just snap in another character for a mix-up. still a wip. 
bad erotica, or *good* erotic--yeah, no, i'll admit you're right on that one. 
am i a racist if i don't know which one is huey, duey or luey? 
fine by me he (sturridge) leaves, but not without us bringing either origi back or somebody in. 
watch harold and kumar or study for apush 
it real simple, test, check everything you read or hear against god's word because it is truth. 1 thessalonians 5:21 king james version (kjv) 21 prove all things; hold fast that which is good. acts 17:11 is another verse. be sure to read in a kjv bible 
anyone playing dragon ball fighterz? let us know if you like it or not so far! 
leave it for wip or the national show please. 
you with me or against me bitch! 
swear you kinda travelled round the world to get to the point or i'm buzzing. … 
may be a trendsetter or is it my ego 
same with ed sheeran. if y’all want more women to win, yall should encourage them to make better shit. winning a grammy has never been a big problem for beyoncé...or adele...or even taylor swift—and she’s not even that talented tbh. gtfo. 
i woke up to aaron laughing because apparently she came out at the end of the "show" or whatever it is, last night. 
it went over your head or what 
i like schiff but he always sounds like a mamby pamby to me. soft, sweet, measured, non-risk taker. will never make hairs on necks of gop stand up in fear. sorry. that’s how most the dems come across. women will bring in power. they are no longer afraid of anything, or anybody. … 
“the pistons got blake griffin without having to give up drummond, reggie jackson, or any of their young players” 
liberals better start finding their safe spaces or they can take the red pill & thus enjoy this draining of the swamp! 
oh dear mr tapper. ya' see the weirdos coming out of the woodwork? bizarre people or bots. i would just block them - some even threatened you but have been reported. ever since @ cnn was threatened last week. be safe and thank you for your fine journalism. peace and be safe, jenny 
isn't your mans trout sivam out throwing away babies or something? 
i know that it was a special deal(circumstance) to give people like me that bought #ultimatenesremix a free #3dstheme but,i believe that you all should include it with the #nintendoselects card too or something. 
thanks for stopping by the stream..i think ima do the 24 hour stream either tmw or wednesday.. so stay tuned for that and hopefully ill see u guys tmw. but huge thanks to @ mspsychedelics for the bits. i really do appreciate it and have a great rest of ur day twitter 
mimi, where have you been? every monday morning for the past six years or so. 
there's literally nothing you can do - not enough inventory or drivers. i've tried from three separate locations. 
bad theology is a belief that causes someone to sever a part of themselves or be severed by others. good theology supports the whole person and the whole community leaving no one behind for the gain of another. #bornperfect #goodtheology #gospelnotchurch 
hmmm... i enjoy looking at beautiful women. that isn't objectifying them. but i don't harass or assault them. i haven't been accused of rape because i've never raped anyone. i don't have sexual fantasies about my daughter or any other family members. but okay, compare us. 
you are being patently ridiculous. no one said or even implied the rank and file are not great. and you know damn well! it the stink @the top that is the problem. if you had an ounce of shame, you'd take that back. … 
stop getting carried away with 1 game whether it is a win or a loss - it’s idiotic . #lfc 
if that happens our country will turn into the heap that they left. its a fact. so my question is...why not just stay there? or go back? 
cause homie didn’t wanna get locked up serio pedo all you sick fucks need to kill yourselves child pornography. he knew what they’d do to him in jail or prison. now honestly all these foos need to get checked not just people of his nature but rapists etc. … 
u.s. regulators are considering allowing a self-driving car with no pedals or s... #autonomouscar #selfdrivingcar 
north korea has infiltrated the bitcoin market. currencies have value based on the full faith of the underlying economy and stability of the government. bitcoin and crytocurrencies don't represent the "global economy" or international security. they are created by hoods. 
he’ll be at our shit level in a game or two mate 
ain't no bitch gon like or rt either cuz they all guilty … 
or a bottle of guinness... 
my grandma lost 3 fingers fiddling about w her lawnmower i can still remember the blood on the floor i wouldve been about 2 or 3 
any particular "creator" you're crediting, or just that we don't know, therefore "god"? 
lol i don’t go to bars or clubs but you know i’m a good gossip 
does that make you an amateur freud, or jung? 
except its not. you literally just stated that something was true, i expect you to prove why, or in absence of that whether or not all of nature is effected by sin. you haven't even explained how all of nature is effected by sin nor why it justifies murder on a worldwide scale. 
and according to @ viet_t_nguyen and others, the experience and mentality of a refugee/asylee is different from folks choosing to emigrate. not sure how many filipinos migrated in the marcos (or other eras) primarily b/c of political persecution or violence.... 
damn - where'd you source that ribeye? also - did you dry-age it yourself or did you buy it like that? 
i gotta wait for your birthday or christmas to get a five-alarm chicken emergency 
it is probably not a good idea to buy your “dream car”, “dream house” or “dream [insert really expensive thing]” until you have your dream job - or a least a job you really enjoy. you never want to be in a situation where you feel stuck and tied to material things. 
some demorats should not be allowed to tweet. or breath. 
bruh if you like kfc or churches more than popeyes i really cannot trust you or socialize with you 
i don't get it who's right the employee or dev? xdd 
i tested this earlier today and although it posted fine i got zero engagement. the image didn't show up in any of the hashtag searches or location it was tagged in. same image reposted manually got immediate engagement after i deleted the @ hootsuite posted image 
i thought of that too, and we'll see what happens. still like nails across a chalk board upon hearing praise or defense where those two are concerned. 
like idk wassup with me but im not feeling nothing or nobody!!!! like i really fucking hate everybody yo 
did it do a re-entry burn, or just the "landing" burn? 
bye bye malcolm-bye bye;'cos when you come to the political t intersection&always instinctively veer green left,you are no different to one man-feminist,bul shitin,jeremy corbyn who opposes you as opposition leader.step aside malcolm or watch the coalition disappear over cliff. 
idk why i put up with him or why he puts up w/ me 
@ bwwings also your mobile app is broken, you can't order or add payment options 
ok open invite for serious discussion: what does student government actually do besides act as an extremely marginal cultural signifier? has anyone actually felt any tangible change that they have created? or am i just disconnected from campus? 
but i judt realised i probably should have said you're saying homophobic things or your pov is homophobic rather than you are homophobic, my bad. i often think it's more important to think about different views rather than tell which person is this or that, but i can make mistake 
would that be better or worse than my case being 24 awaiting deportation and doing the same thing? 
look forward to seeing it! are you going to be doing any concerts while you are in the dc or ny area? 
the question is ea bringing it back or is microsoft? 
since she's a butterface i'm guessing either ethnic sriracha or as ethnic as wonder bread. 
seems like you should probably not lose a 25 point lead or something … 
what would happen online if i should keep the food for the bottom panel or make it a wide shot of the sisters lately aha 
at this rate i half expect their next podcast is going to be investigating the "truth" of the moon landing or "what really happened" on 9/11. @ atlanta_monster @ tenderfoottv @ paynelindsey #atlantamonster 
it’s not fair to expect another to read your mind or your ‘non-verbal cues’. listen to your… 
so … who really is the #cubs’ best shortstop, addison russell or javy baez? (via @ 
target #marketing do you know who is your ideal #mlm #prospects for your product or service 
you was serious when you wrote this huh? you really types this out and meant this. well straighten your hair or adding elements to make your hair appear different is derived from africa. as well as large earrings and body adornments, and lip gloss child i don’t have the time 
œv: did that work? is the winning date or the collection date the taxable event? 
they always have to bash something or someone don't let the swamp rats get you down. keep up the great work. 
this all makes perfect sense. but they're so dumb. didn't they know we'd expect that from someone from mandeville? lol that wasn't a surprise or sowing discord. 
you've yet to ask a question. however, anyone with fbpeu in their handle is focused on stopping brexit, not supporting may or corbyn. that you are surprised is surprising. 
would a certificate of some kind of security audit from an auditing team like quantstamp or other be a good indicator to look for in future? 
never going to regret any step i’ve ever took or going to take , period 
i’m a detroit expat and how did i not know you existed in dc. can’t wait to get a paczki and coney dog. question, if i get there at 4pm on 2/13 is it safe to say i’ll get a paczki? or is it super busy? 
or you could be a grown adult and find out how to pay for it yourself. idk that's just me … 
i looked a little more. every "big" article i can find from her is about her or something that happened to her, etc. the only ones i can find that aren't about her are jezebel articles like "this actress farted on tv and it was so feminist!" and that kinda shit 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist dirty truth or dare ft french bumble date - nina and randa 
are they better or worse then the "time to trade ovi cuz he doesn't have the clutch gene"crowd? 
did you watch the press conference? i feel like the rest of the world just retweets headlines and titles. this isn’t a story. neither is shithole. neither is diet coke or mcdonalds. politics is all about image and not substance, that’s the only reason this may resonate w/ people 
okay but he wasn't by avril lavigne could totally be about manuel or it should be at least 
like hearing atheists saying " they'll be up there now, looking down on us..." or "we'll see them again". 
.......or....punny corn? 
i guess two pans then miss. *pans of what he doesn’t care or care to know it would be a little adventure* ( @ mlp_flagstaff ) 
klayman: ag sessions confirms why he should resign or be fired! - via @ freedomwatchusa … that was a totally unacceptable response from the ag. obviously, not serious about cleaning up corruption...or afraid. replace ag sessions with a patton. 
people are always going to talk behind your back. your choice whether to care or not. 
didnt eat breakfast or lunch and i feel like i won’t even make it through the day now 
@ senjohnmccain retire now or switch you party. you don't belong w/republicans. your actions are progressive. get out: … 
lmk lady’s are you a teaser or a pleaser ? 
how are you going to stop russian interference in our 2018 election? or, has russia put that one in the bag for the gop too. getting close to a dereliction of duty and worse. 
@ amazonuk explained that the issue happened before i did anything only to be told tough that’s amazons policy!!! i was being truthful and honest, avoid firehd stick use chome or apple tv, these do not any issues like crappy firestick!! 
seems unlikely that he meant "our country" to mean the "u.s" as the editor or writer assumed. 
25 years or so unbelievable mate still as staunch as we were in in windlaw !! 
i said the liberals would be defend her. i dont have a problem with it, i just know had it been a republican and or a man they would have a rope out and be ready for a hanging. billboard: 'we love our mayor' - … 
as a police officer to get search or arrest warrant had to raise my hand and swear an oath that the info was true and accurate so help me god. not an expert on fisa warrant but constitution says all warrants must have an oath or affirmation. 
when people talk of god speaking to them, most don't mean they heard his voice. it means that what they felt in their heart or entered their mind they knew was of god. 
@ fortnitegame is the special event blitz out yet? or is it just a challenge as of the moment? 
i'm assuming those are lbs., otherwise you've got a waaaaay longer way to go than i thought. btw, you doing any special diet with the exercise, or just trying to eat normal healthy-ish? 
trump is panicking and desperate-he knows he cannot sit for an interview with mueller without legal/impeachment jeopardy or taking the 5th, and many witnesses appear to be flipping, i.e., rick gates.jared kushner just hired a crisis management firm. … 
when the choice is to be right or to be kind, always make the choice that brings peace.– wayne dyer #quote 
i’m not an eagles or patriots fan, but naturally i have to side with one or the other, so.... imma choose to witness greatness and hope to see something that has never been done, i wanna see #tb12 walk out with a 6th ring! so let’s go pats! 
come on, yes or no, can you do it? 
i'm not too far into the game, about 4 hours or so, but man it's fantastic. the only problem i have so far, aside from really small bugs, is that there are a lot of loading screens. other than that, it's incredibly immersive and a joy to play. definitely pick it up!! 
reccomend me music or hate on me 
is that sugar or salt on top? i’ve been into salt and chocolate lately... 
@ chadleistikow - where is our defense? why can't we ever get serious about guarding the lane or the 3-point line? we need guys who love defense. 
really debating if i should die tonight or be that one friend who takes care of everyone 
the cables broke on the folding mechanism on our joovy balloon stroller. do you sell replacements or some way to fix this @ joovy 
im pretty sure? its either that or he literally couldnt even get into the castle 
so fowler is solo leader. how many shots did @ cbssports show? of those (very limited) shots shown, most of them came after they were the last, or second to last group on the course. clearly he’s the fan favorite. do better. @ pgatour 
+consideration, as to /how/ i'll be able to get you back, or make you blush...do you blush?..." she paused the thought, tilting her head and thinking a moment, trying to imagine buu blushing, chuckling quietly before shaking her head and continuing after a moment. "sorry + 
okay, but you'd have to show they act in ways they act in, say, the turkish military or the russian security services. the whole importation of that term to the us is not only dumb, but it's going the full chomsky - by gopers. 
the adults are trying to ignore the white noise . . . will they be able to put their differences aside or will wittle donnie demand more attention? demand more attention. 
i couldn’t even finish. i keep going back but i can only listen to a song or two before going wtf and nearly throwing my phone in disgust. 
exp rolled back while grinding gyfin, can i somehow get it back via a ticket or is it worthless to even ask? 
and when you do you either gonna hate it or love it 
well then sleazizza. show us all where russia offered and anyone in the campaign or trump himself accepted help from the russians! because that's what collusion is. fact is, you can't show us in black and white that proof. so i guess some of those words are accurate. 
i feel sick. how can it be legally or ethically acceptable for these staff to threaten faith and her family?? libby made me stay quiet because this would happen... @ helpfaithheal #helpfaithheal @ who @ nhsengland @ carequalitycomm @ jeremy_hunt 
join robinhood and we'll both get a stock like apple, ford, or sprint for free. make sure you use my link. 
lol nice to know starlord doesn’t matter or anything . … 
does anyone recognize which font this is? trying to identify it, and my photoshop is telling me the font isn't installed. (i didn't make this, so i have no .psd or anything) 
that point won't be important later or anything. 
we'll, if no one else checks it out for a year or so, it'll either get pitched by the library or sold at a friend's sale for like, a quarter. 
me saying no is apparently a sign to continue pressuring me until i either snap or say yes. great fucking logic. 
look through the reaction pics + photos of day6 u have !! maybe you can make a wholesome one or a silly face one :-) 
i’m no longer gone ask my friends to go on trips with me but shay cause mfs don’t be trying to go no where. or they want to bail our at the last min .. it’s cool though i just turnup wit mama n fam on my bday 
dm me or not @ imartinezp_ i won't react to it as i was gonna react to it......thank you baby, @ emartineeez for dming me the other day! 
if ur sick dont go to work dont fucking travel (or wear a mask) don’t cough on me 
i hope they do! live had been so much fun before these challenges dropped. i hope the next master challenges are easier. these teams defy the laws of physics hitting contested shots consistently whether double or triple teamed & blocking & rebounding unrealistically. 
happy super bowl sunday friends! i’m camped out in the basement with snacks rooting for the pats hope you’re all having a great time whether you love the football, the commercials, or just the snacks • • • • • #interiordesign #home #homedecor… 
discord? or you with people? 
feel bad for these ladies, most probably do not want to smile at or shake hands with the orange perv 
ok. well. remember when i said rape culture is actually just about the idea that men take what they want and women protect what they have? that’s still the same pint i’m trying to make but you glided right on past it. so my opinion was also 40 or so tweets ago. 
american football is entertaining enough to watch 1 or less times a year 
remember: this year the winning team gets their choice of a loved one or tv show to resurrect. #superbowl 
true. some depth on the o-line never hurts. but y’all always go dl or db in the first round. 
first preview tonight! all tickets just $20. available online or at the door. an australian premiere presented as... 
that's my issue at the moment. every time i think of take away, nothing takes my fancy. don't like pizza, don't like chips, don't eat red meat and can't bear cooked tomatoes or carrots.. rules out a surprising amount... 
lf3 or to3 [ps4] [dm] @ rtwwii @esportsrts_ @ rtdnr @ roguerts @ hyperrts @ gfxcoach @ shoutgamers @ bear_retweets @ dayrts_ @ nightrts @ findingclans @ shawnabner @ elitetgaming 
gonna take my hair out tonight or tomorrow 
all i can guess, is the falling object at the end of cloverfield is the alternative dimension’s cloverfield station. however, that would mean that dimension's station either went back in time, or was launched way prior to any problems existing and prior to the paradox dimension. 
are you open for business or pleasure. love a jockstrap on my ass, the straps and airy feeling on my cheeky buns xx 
learning tax is ridiculous, there is an exception for everything. yes you can deduct up to 60% of agi for charitable contributions but if the contribution was made when it was 25.67 degrees you can deduct 70% or made during a solar eclipse deduct 80% if both deduct the lessor 
haha cool we must have played together or something once xd 
what's your favorite #marriedwithchildren moments and or quote? 
@ askplaystation can i return or get a refund for a digital download? 
the strength of a friendship,or any relationship isn't measured by time, but by effort 
finally, an app to tell me if those boner pills i bought online are fake or not 
just do research on google & see how the company performs and decide if you want to invest in it or not. … 
have you thought about patreon or ko-fi? i'm sure people would like to support you 
@ spacex or @ nasa ? spacex falcon heavy is cooler vía @ youtube 
just watched nfl super bowl highlights and the owner went up to collect the trophy. that's the next step for football in europe. sheikh mansour or malcolm glazer up collecting the champions league. #againstmodernfootball 
so if he is out for mania i would love to see finn vs seth or even seth vs brock vs roman 
new stuff or do they just talk about her? 
serve up great #pizza for a good cause wed., 2-7-18, @ paisanslisle to help @ mdanews. at paisans pizza day for mda, order any of their delicious pizzas or slices, and paisans will donate a portion of the proceeds to muscular dystrophy association to suppo… 
i only watched it two years ago! before, i kept trying to watch it and could never get past the first episode or so. i hated the tone of it lol. obv i am a fool and should have given it a chance sooner. i read your tweets about the outro song, i'd think you're on to something. 
imagine carrying a baby for 9 months and going through the pain of labour and the joy of seeing your child that you name them something fucking generic like jack, michael, connor, bethany or chloe 
where’s bryant gumball or whatever his name is did he die? 
ever asked the question "what is a maker" or "what is a makerspace"? check out this pilot for a new video series... 
time's up ep with jay burnz jay jayburnzjay (link in bio) stream or download on bandcamp… 
jensen slowly pulls away from his man and sits down onto the sofa. his look immediately changes to a worried one once again, yet it's a soft look. he wants to show misha that he isn't mad or something like that. "it's fine. don't worry." he doesn't want to push misha to tell -- 
i'm ambivalent by that distinction. sure, a reaction (rather than review) can be attributed to the starring system, or one-liners such as "good read" but anything more, regardless of whether it is emotional or craft focused still constitutes a review. 
constitution lol, you like others are required to take an oath to protect our citizens either foreign or domestic, says nothing about letting illegals live in the us or sanctuary cities which do the exact opposite, you posting this, is pathetic. #realdonaldtrump #seanhannity 
thank you so much i love your succubus looks so much! i am just worried my audience will be "bored" or something since a lot of other cosplayers and models have been doing succubus designs 
being locked out of your account is better than being let in, submitting an order, the order doesn’t reflect in system for 10 min. and when it finally does, it can not be replaced or cancelled #fidelity 
@ elonmusk in mars will there be countries or will it just be mars? 
yeah but google dont have computers or tablets ;-; 
i’m dumb & clicked a link for a “free itunes card” so if you see some sketchy tweets or dms from my account, it’s not me 
the video from #spaceman seems to have stopped. maybe it'll come back - just a drop in the video feed / satellite link. or maybe we've seen all we're gonna see 
i don’t know what the point of the wh press briefing is anymore. i think news org should not go at all or send an intern. 
i’m sitting here, looking at stuff on tumblr about ‘this is us’ and absolutely sobbing, when i’ve never seen seen an episode or formed attachments yet 
i can’t tell if quincy has lost his damn mind, or is the hero we all need.... … 
your govt of 3 decades, your health projects but still none good enough for the shareefs! cold or flu shareefs have to fly to london for health care on poor pakistanis tax money! 
panhandlers in greensboro: to give or not to give? 
huge important tip to know for new players that i wish i knew when i started: build your party to either only do magic damage or only do physical damage. choose which type of armor you want to break through 
"a peaceful place or so it looks from space, a closer look reveals the human race." 
i cant even watch the office or gordon ramsey anymore because it reminds me of you and ugh. 
you need to tell the doctor that then. may be side effect or allergic reaction of some kind 
or they’re all dumb? 
also, is the new uc prices limited or permanent? 
#theglobalawards you can vote 5 times with 1 email address best song : slow hands (niall) best british artist or group : liam best male : liam & niall vote for best song & best british artist/group each time vote twice for niall & liam in best male 
probably, or nancy pelosi / obama 
found an organization that calls upon government systems to make reproductive decisions free from political pressures. women deserve the right to choose whether or not they want to raise a family in our current climate. #es161 @ conceivablefut 
【all or nothing】大和結依の御伽噺 配信中!! … 
almost 500 likes.....help us to reach them and win 1 hour kitelesson or half a day boat rental! all you have to... 
do not consume alcohol while taking pelosi. consult a doctor if you begin to slur words or repeatedly refer to president trump as president bush. 
brown is not a race, and neither is latin or hispanic! perhaps you should learn about which you speak? 
instagram: did you find out the gender of your baby? or did you go for a good old fashioned surprise? #pregnancy 
i couldnt decide if i wanted foot loops or trix so i got both. expecting my nobel prize in the mail on monday 
this tweet shouldn’t be taken so seriously, even if someone does this or not. niggas got a problem with this tweet but would be okay passing a bitch around their whole group. … 
how i decide what to clean: step one: discover where the cat wants to be. step two: quickly remove anything breakable or in her way. ---complete--- 
@ potus knows & appoints the most incompetent, unethical people! so of course they had to resign or get fired! now when @ realdonaldtrump & @ mike_pence the @ vp leave, the job will be complete! 
#fortnite has a new crossbow?! come check out my mad skills... and/or lack there of! #twitchtv @ twitchtv @ twitchretweetsu @ twitchsharing @ twitchtvonline @ supstreamers @ 
guys, please don’t email me unless its for business sort of stuff. if its something you can just dm or tweet me, just do that instead. all the love i just get a lot of random emails that i have to go through from all sorts of stuff. 
are we celebrating it because it’s produced by white ppl but done in a positive manner or are we giving it the same side eye because it’s white ppl still controlling the perception of black ppl? … 
hey remember when people thought a new bubsy game would be like ironically bad, or so good it's bad, instead of just regular super awful bad 
live: playing: monster hunter: world drag me along as your personal hammer to whatever quest, hunt, or monster farm you like (up to hr14)! use !sid for my session id and !psn for my playstation info. 
apparently he needs to use some vagasil or something 
sensitive. he's not even sure if that's a second insult or not as he began scurrying to goodness knows where to hide his wet face. … 
wtf? you were just bragging a week or so ago that look what you had done for the #stockmarket. save yourself and #resign 
*after a customer has eaten their entire meal. customer: yeah, my fries were really cold, so are you going to comp the meal? or atleast give me some type of discount?? 
my two cents before i walk away to go find some dinner: it's remarkable that the republicans most vocally in opposition to trump are ones who have already announced they are not seeking re-election or are otherwise leaving politics. politics as a team sport is the worst. 
basic needs for survival air water food shelter sleep we are not asking for donations just acts of kindness when u see a homeless person a bite to eat, chat or even a smile please help & post inspiring stories on let’s change the 
lmfao have you #2 or was that just a yes 
they don’t know about the monsters that i fight at night, or the fear that sets my soul on fire, or the pain that hits my being in the crowd. 
attention health coaches - are you an amazing health coach or do you know one that would benefit from free promotion? thriving raw-ish has a new guru section. if you would like to be a part of our community, take a look: 
lackeys definitely criminals, many i cared for in palliative oncology unit barely see ‘doctor’ said i would never have agreed to the chemo if ild known it would end like this. never ending diarrhoea or vomiting weight loss to skeletal amputation due to chemo gone wrong criminals 
delete sc, re-download, open snapchat n type in username then click “forgot password” choose either email or text 2 change password, they’ll send you a link through whichever one you chose, click the link, create n type in new password then save. go back on sc type it in n it’ll 
she never would buy it, but i've been taking mine to her so she can play with it while in her recliner or in bed. sitting at the computer is uncomfortable. she said she wanted to buy a tablet the other day and wants me to find her one in a couple of months when she can afford. 4/ 
on a call or i would have picked up! 
i'd rather see mw2 or mw3 tbh. my two favs rn 
the parents should be at least 25 or so. 
today: 1. #sens owner eugene melnyk commits to scouting, drafting & developing. 2. tom anselami quits as #sens president & ceo 3. #sens gm pierre dorion given a 3yr extension. this season is so screwed up i can’t tell if this was a good or bad day. 
oh i didn't do this it happened to me like 3 or 4 games in a row. though i did throwing knife headshot someone who jumped in the air while blinded by a smoke grenade so i still have that going for me 
here’s something else to consider: how many people in joyce’s office were sacked or moved because of this inappropriate relationship? has that affected policy? what’s the cost to the taxpayer? 
had a look for the kern shot comparing social justice to isis and couldn't find any archives or discussions around it, so i'm suspecting someone was toying with poe's law for that one. no need to post a potential fake when mark literally called the fbi over a twitter autoblocker 
the fact that the school blatantly ignored the fact that the victim was being attacked by three boys and was essentially choking from the trauma of the situation and called the event consensual because she didn’t “run away or scream” is pathetic. she couldn’t run or scream. … 
hey there world, it's us, america. we're gonna make it impossible to get health insurance, then punish you for not having it. we're gonna make it impossible to get a house or a job, then require you to have both to have either. that's the american dream! 
be it the robust stitches of gujarat or the subtle, intricate weaves of kashmiri and chikankari, i agree, the artisans’ threadings are indeed beautifully unique. the crafted art itself has been a generational tradition. you would be wise to acquire a few as gifts or keepsakes. … 
keep your soffit or fascia in pristine condition with clean gutters. turn to us for gutter cleaning service! … 
it’s what you do in your free time that will set you free—or enslave you. — jarod kintz #quote 
distracted driving can lead to permanent injuries or death. if you’ve lost a loved one to a car accident, call us. … 
the choice is yours: wash your sheets frequently or risk rolling around on a sheet of harmful germs. … 
youtube or netflix — hmm th prolly youtube … 
all holidays come from either religion, government, or the business sector. 
i hate whenever guys with girlfriends/wife’s blow up my pics or follow me like seriously you should only have eyes on your partner. 
every song drake released so far fire or feature his been in 
(that or someone will review his findings and go from there). if trump had nothing to do with russia, as he keeps (badly) claiming, then why try to stop it? why tarnish it? why belittle it? 
people always terrifies from strangers who doesn’t love or hurt anymore and who doesn’t get the feeling, they always have a strange expression, and unusual replying, keeps silence, they prefers to live alone, and i’m one of them 
a similar incident happened recently somewhere else at an @ oldnavy. good to know this is apparently a company wide practice 
i'm totally a yoshi player because yoshi story stole my heart and never gave it back, but waluigi or boo are close seconds! 
[txt:] spill the fucking tea or i don’t get you booze 
reports of my demise... were some what exaggerated. i only thought... i was dead. those concerned or curious... i am ok! thank you my friends! 
keep washing your hands, cleaning, and staying healthy. the flu is raging right now and it hurts to see those that that are suffering from loss or those currently struggling to stay alive do to the virus. 
my only concern is that someone is going to get banned, and come up with clips from a ton of other big time streamers where the exact same situation came up, and we're going to see if twitch follows their tos consistently, or if money=safety 
tea or coffee? — water (and hot chocolate for comfy anime viewing, like mother fucking yuru camp). sometimes i'll... … 
k, let's get back to the age of the earth. again, it doesn't mean that the creation of the earth had to be at the same time or almost at the same time as the creation of all of the universe much like that baking a cake just last week analogy. 
i hate crying in the shower bc i can never tell if i'm actually crying or if i'm just making weird sobbing noises while the water makes it seem as if there's tears 
distributing speech to a large audience used to be expensive: you needed a lot of pamphlet paper or the equipment/power/license to broadcast. that expense also involved some governance in order to avoid wasting resources. now, broadcasting is cheap and there's zero governance. 
@ cnn cuomo has it right - this is a murderous regime that is stifling a population, but you keep propping them up! another reason not to watch you or @ nbcnews … 
i'm just praying everything will go well, i won't stutter or anything like this. i'm the master of getting nervous and scrambling words and phrases when feeling pressured and bitch do i feel pressured to not fuck this all up 
hahahahhaa bad or good responsibilities toll … 
i'm sure minnesotans acquitted themselves beautifully, and i'm just judging from the tv broadcast, but i didn't see the design forcing many interesting decisions or shots during the matches. 
a spy, or a philosopher, but definitely a writer of think pieces under a pseudonym. might end up dead, as a masseuse, an assassin, or still just a housekeeper. … 
bruh, i never seen anybody try to act out a bruno mars dance move lol lookin like a sassy whitney houston but everybody wanted or knows how to dance like michael jackson, he is the 
february 15th (give or take a few days) is when i'm predicting the $ btc dip to end. don't ask me why i think this, just prepare yourself in case i'm right :) $ btc #bitcoin 
you mean when it started since let me was thursday or friday around 10:30 or 11:00 am in the border region of mexico as i remember but i estimate was these days when i got that issue 
you want my pay pal or??? lol you can find a bomb one online for less than 20 dollars that lights up and allat 
i may not always make decisions that are popular or keep everyone happy, but i always make the decision that is best based on the information i have at the time. 
honestly i think you are safe there kelly...i don't believe any of the inner circle is physically blind.... simply morally blind ... another thought....who by % is more unlawful? the inner circle or the dreamers? that is an honest question kelly!!! 
it’s crazy the amounts of money that have to be spent on security for huge events like the olympics. not sure if it affects the athletes or not... hopefully they feel safe enough not to worry about it. i wonder if athletes pay attention these stories during the games. #epde501 
ok, so done with any kardashian or kylie tweet. no more their life isn't better than yours or mine. they just advertise it so you can be jealous or envious about it. #loveyourlifenooneelses 
i sense fowl magic is at foot. or the bot just paired you with who you interacted with the most. one of the two. 
is that a game of thrones character or more gross tea 
or use the lightest weight possible, which does absolutely nothing 
the fuc. they think she gonna be posting nudes or something on it? she’s not that dumb 
giveme or cry 
@ redrock_bball i've been offered kat and two scrubs for my garris, air gordon and collins. a lot to pay and no must grabs on the ww. should i jump and hope value appears on the ww, or too late for that? 
there are several ways to cook them, fried, baked, steamed, fried, or boiled. #dumplings #facts 
that the people of or-2 haven't risen up as one and chased @ repgregwalden into the nearest body of water is testament to just how misinformed (or willfully ignorant) his constituents truly are. 
you must be head strong in this world bc everyone is looking to capitalize off of the next person or being for (egotistical) gains, don't be prey. 
u: alfonse or eph? me, immediately standing up: chhicken or beef 
all up and coming black artists, musicians, stylists, etc. send an email to to inquire about being featured and/or interviewed. please make the subject of the email : feature inquiry spring 2018 
what is this craze with people name their children words and not actual names ? like stormi, or north, or chicago, or saint, or (a un-kardashian name) supreme ?! i saw on snap this women named her child supreme!! i’m annoyed. 
is tomorrow a purple or a gold day?? 
win or not my pilot is going to be so alright, we are not desperate or petty, what ever happens we will take it in good faith... 
@ madaboutyoupod i finally get to play in a #sweepstakes!! my name scrabble score is 6... or 22 with my full name. that feels low. does that put me in the loser scrabble family? is this still relevant? #listeningonadelay #belatedsweepstakes #ep36 
sarah is right but also she's wrong, if that classified information would lead to an investigation or a conviction of a crime related to any of the liberal lunatic democrats it would never make it off the reporters desk let alone into the papers. it's dangerous and despicable 
the hardest decision as a girl is trying to decide whether you want to grow your hair out or chop it 
@ lhissrich what's your view on diversity in movies/tv/etc... and is it possible to cast people of color in the witcher series? the book... sort of lacks characters of color. is it possible to see an african american geralt or yennefer? (no offensive to anyone; just asking.) 
galvanic beauty machines - a must! the high frequency and galvanic is a 2 in 1 machine that produces a galvanic or direct current suitable for infusion and ionisation. #elegans #beauty #machine 
the fundamental issue with many people is their inability to communicate. think about how many problems occur between people because they didn’t speak up in time or at all. it sounds difficult, but it’s something to be practiced and improved upon. 
i want michelada or wings 
would read. or, y'know, watch. 
obsessed or what sharps was amazing goal end of 
thanks for reaching out to us. to place an order in germany, just visit us at: or give us a call at 0611 - 949 105 26. we hope this helps and we look forward to hearing from you! best wishes! 
need to apply for or renew your itin? h&r block has free itin applications and renewals with your tax preparation. make an appointment here: 
yandere sim update is pretty huge so i think ill check it out and then do more shoppe keep in about an hour or so 
barack or welby lol? 
@ joebudden why #paddedroom not on spotify or tidal 
why did america cut off assistance donated by americans to puerto rico? is the government of the u.s. a robber or a thief? 
did they provide examples, or just this talking point? … 
#cancelstudentdebt not just bc of the impact it will have on the real economy but bc debt is a fiction & capitalisms way of circumscribing our freedom & potential, fixing our path as political subjects and keeping us from capital or the means of production … 
the only other way i see you being able to create life-sustaining circumstances is if you have an ocean covered by either rock or ice that is geothermally heated by geysers or underwater volcanoes. other than that, you are screwed in the long-run. 
. @ realdonaldtrump your presidency is a hoax! #resign or #impeachtrump 
the nice guy… good or bad? | tsl podcast 199 … 
are you gonna be streaming shaun white’s medal win or nah? 
and either a gucci, lv or chanel bag #boujee 
sometimes i try to tell someone my thoughts or feelings, they’d respond ‘ya me too... do you remember when i... so i...’ i become a listener all over again. someday somebody will hear me say the exact same words but respond differently. ‘tell me what’s going on? i’m listening.’ 
a strange man coming up and sitting with me while i’m alone makes my fight or flight kick in bc i start to feel trapped so no don’t do this to me … 
1. just because you’re attractive doesn’t mean i’m attracted to you. 2. i am not bisexual. 3. yes, i know what toxic means. no, i don’t give a fuck about your definition of it. 4. if you’re into orange and i’m into yellow that doesn’t make you any better or worse than me. 5. 
no-one does, except for those who r unable to think rationally and critically, or want to argue without using logic, then silencing opposing opinions is their only avenue to advance an indefensible ideology 
thank you! have now banned "math" from my feed. just hope it doesn't block "maths" or "mathematics". 
you envoke violence, so i'm surprised you even acknowledged a shooter or shooting. i'm sure he voted for you, so once again feel really really proud of your supporters sir. really really good guy, but make sure due process first. innocent untill proven guilty, so he can vote . 
tbh no way you sell pogba again or get him benched (mou w hazard @chelsea) to accommodate mou 
seems like they resent anything or anybody that stands for america the mental illness is real!!! 
kinda weird to think that russians are funneling cash to the nra to promote domestic terrorism and nobody gives a damn or thinks this is any odder than normal. 
because you clearly see on the attached chart two pairs of five up. each five is a or c. i will record and post an introductory video explaining the main idea of ewt modifications i use 
and not against the military. when is a protest not against what the country is doing or how it is treating people? that's the entire history of civil protests. so again, you are basically saying, just shut up and don't protest at all. 
did dup try and take a deal internally to their base and it failed, or were they always gunning for the collapse? the former would hold some hope, no? 
go on vacation together just y’all two jamaica or summm … 
anyone else constantly feel like they’re gonna puke or is that just me. 
while i can't please or help everybody, i really do try to make sure you guys we were able to get back up to 300+ subs! 
having information readily available at your disposal does not mean that you will use it, there is an algorithm that has been set to make you either forget it or remember a little bit of it, it is so strong that the higher you get, it gets tougher to save in your head. 
keys and krates or big gigantic this weekend someone help me 
you are an amazing writer. i love you but you know that. i love how i can be myself with you and i know you want judge for anything i like or do. you keep me smiling even when i dont feel like it. you make me feel special even when you don't realize it. 
i just trust hutchison. he shows good intangibles & his history of improvement is impressive. i don't think he'll be an elite shooter, but i think he can be a respectable. i like his potential to initiate/run an offense as a 3rd option or primary bench guy. i like his versatility 
either me depressed or hungover 
considering how chicago had the strictest gun laws and it has some of the highest rate of crime do we really need stricter gun laws or less strict so we can protect our selves from idiots who get guns illegally just saying 
i agree, and that includes the bernie or busters and never hillary types and people too apathetic or cynical to do the bare minimum as a citizen and vote. 
america doesn't have a gun problem gun issues can't be prevented america doesn't have a gun problem gun issues can't be prevented lies people tell themselves every single day. i wish we lived in a world where kids could go to school or enjoy a movie without having to be in fear. 
man, how about the rumor that in ep 14, archie tells v is them against the world , or something, i really hope they make them sing, or at least give them heavy scenes in ep 18 
i think it’s fair you may not. if they law doesn’t help any. it should go away. if it affects rights it should go away. it also should have mandates on the mental or past diagnosis. i fear them going and instituting laws that make more paperwork but no benefits. 
my neighbours don’t like @ goodcharlotte @ linkinpark or @ milkteethpunx ... so i am buying this so they can hear every word an get to love them all!! blow their fucking windows 
i’m not sure anyone who can murder let alone mass murder is “sane”. anyone able to commit those acts (other than self defense and maybe war where it is kill or be killed which would be self defense) something is wrong with... 
simple. our precious (hard fought) life should never be in the hands of some deranged lunatic toting an ar-15 or any other weapon suited for the battlefield. when gun-addicted folks learn this hard fact, the better off americans will be. 
not sure if i called it out before but totally agree with you that @ cleanbandit and @ zaralarsson should have been huge, as should the new song with @ imjmichaels, i miss you. top 40 has been feast or famine the past few weeks. 
go kings! see them by scheduling your limo or shuttle service with us. … 
...he never wished me congratulations when i got engaged or any happy birthdays, but he will message me about my opinion anytime his favorite artist drops an album. (the ex) strange huh? out of the blue he asks..."what do you think about this album?" me: umm.. hi how are you? 
shoot up or scoot out bitch 
yeah, thailand is a much closer time zone for work, and cheap as chips, but i feel like i could go live in thailand for a month or two at any time, europe would work pretty well now but might not in the future 
i need some p.f changs or mod pizza 
starting a new job on monday that may or may not begin my journey into a new career industry 
that particular law was poorly written & discriminated against a group of people w/literally no data or science behind it. (see aclu’s letter) i’d be thrilled to never see or hear about a gun ever again, but let’s not sacrifice rights of a marginalized group just for a soundbite. 
also probably doesn't help i lost like a pint of blood or smth last night 
this only would i learn of you, received ye the spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? - gal 3:2 #truth #godlovesyou 
shame they weren't concerned with the parentless kids already in the world or protecting children from priests. 
are you in a tourist area, airport, or country where americans are believed to be super rich? 
as far as his entire career goes?..well,barry was just pretty content,for the most part.he wasn't one for politicking for someone's spot or whatever.he accomplished a helluva lot as is,but could've easily done so much more... … 
so you can buy anything non concealable like a shotgun at 18 along with the ammo. you have to be 21 to purchase a concealable gun or someone 21 or older can gift you a concealable gun and you can carry concealed at 18 if you have the permitit’s way to easy of a process 
either you’re trolling or actually clueless. just read this.. 
there are always village idiots, no matter which village. it isn't true for me or anyone i know. thats what i mean. 
correct, people looking to mass murder always go to gun free zones. google any state that has armed teachers or convealed carry for college students and you'll notice they dont have school shooting massacres. 
denial, denial, denial. yes, he tweeted that out or had someone do it for him. he has not refuted it.why no anger at russia? they are not our allies. i am pissed that all of us are in anyway fighting about this. putin won this election & yes, this did throw the election to trump 
at this point i don’t know if i’m single or not 
stuck between wanting to relax or wanting to do something with my night. drag me out of bed pls. 
or use the internet 
sorry @ seanhannity @ tuckercarlson @ foxnews none of this rules out collusion or obstruction. … 
can’t even imagine what that’s like. biggest i have been in was a 3 or 4. hope the loss of life is minimal. 
quick or slow murder 
@ ps360hd2 this isn't huge news or anything, but aye, they're finally giving us more info on the game. 
i have hunting rifles and a hand gun. i use the rifles for hunting food. hand gun is for personal protection. no one needs an assault weapon. they are not for food or protection. ban assault rifles!! 
you’ll love story worthy! all true stories and super interesting guests. check it out on apple podcasts- or at the website 
$99 for 10 ($260 value) or $139 for 20 ($480 value) spin classes at revolve fitness~~~ 
wow . not like flying under the radar or anything @ mflynnjr ,tweets to a u.s. representative who sits on house foreign affairs committee and the house judiciary committee. , not too smart their buddy . 
movie dates and dinner dates are cool, but i wanna go on a fun date like laser tagging , or go karting, or skating. let’s go to an arcade or something. that shit is fun asf. 
@ kylegriffin1 @ rosie @ msnbc @ mmpadellan @ adamparkhomenko i propose an automatic weapon buyback and the $$ can be used to pay for that stupid wall, or fence or whatever it is this week! 
there is no tsunami danger for the u.s. west coast, british columbia, or alaska. 
left or right?? 
or are you saying that the only thing preventing these gun toting heroes from saving the day is a 1000 foot buffer zone? 
why do you ask? do you “like” him or what he stands for? 
someone on ig just asked me if i was a cam girl and idk if to be flattered or insulted 
no discipline at home or school....just a "time out" will do. no learning to cope with adversity...."everyone gets a trophy". no prayer in school...."but boys can use girls restrooms". the liberal/progressive agenda led us to this. 
… white supremacist groups, not antifa or any liberal organizations. regardless, his political views aren't relevant, his actions are. 
it is good you support - too bad not all local elected leaders or candidates do the same 
things may not be how i wanted them to be or how i expected them to be. but you gotta learn to be grateful regardless. your alive, living and your here. don’t take that for granted ... 
sorry but these names are either tired or unfunny, please think of better ones 
i am changing language to undermine cult retorts and refine intents. i want access and availability control. guns can comply or not. people can comply or not. accountability for choices is a community jurisdiction. 
well now i see cops outside meds shop parking lot ,checking ppl if your high or not. be careful picking up from shops now. they are giving dwi left to right. 
you guys would be laughing your asses off at me right now. i'm not sure if it's lack of sleep or whatnot but i just went to sit down on my chair and missed it completely landing right on my ass 
i would jam the flop here. he’s not folding this hand either way, but it puts him tot he rest. he can only call or fold. 
@ realgoinginraw interesting question... do you think joey styles could still do a good job as a wwe commentator? say on nxt or 205 live? 
not that he isn't allowed to feel that way or not like things, it's just that it's as annoying as listening to someone who doesn't read say that all books are bad 
i have fantasies about someone going into nra headquarters and shooting it up like it was a school or a church... 
or strawberry shortcake 
i've had lucid dreams like that. makes you feel weird when you wake up from them, like, "i must go to a convention! i've foreseen an event take place where i must be there to trigger it or else things will go horribly wrong!" 
of course i saw that. i haven't seen the deloitte report, and thus i can't agree or disagree with it. 
i find how @ ammallon drapes her stance with the veil of “equity, access and inclusion” to be particularly offensive. people are dying on the streets of cambridge, just b/c they walk or ride a bike. 
i liked a @ youtube video u2 - with or without you 
me: this makes me want to jump out a window my parents: first story or second story? 
he’s an rg3 pt two.. or a cam newton. both loaded with talent, but lack the intangibles to be a great nfl qbs 
i don't know whether russia meddling decided the election or not and neither do you. however, a number of things could have been decisive in an election this close. 
perhaps not all remain voters but definitely a significant percentage that do concur with the cant believe or even accept losing to the "pleb"vote and other factors too. 
12 bucks to go see social club in phoenix next week for a possible 15 minute or less set ............. 
i cant, do people honestly think violent movies and video games are causing these mass shootings??? i grew up with gta and never once have i stolen a car or killed anyone. the issue isnt nor has it ever been entertainment. its mental health. get it straight. 
they do. that we still haven't seen burnham or anything but those two we saw back in august though is ridiculous. especially when they're supposed to come out next month. loving that phaser though! 
makes some sense, or is it a cartel? perhaps though grades to get in will be replaced by £££ to get in, 
senate majority was democrat house majority was republican you would know that if you knew anything about government or history or facts 
swear i just head one of the school bells go off or i’m seriously needing my bed 
you wouldn't be laughing if someone came at you with a litre of milk or 250ml of cream!! 
giant teddy or really small human.. #giantteddybear #smallhuman #blackandwhitephotography 
i miss your youtube video you used to do on iqd! but i respect your decision. we continue to wait patiently, or try to at least! 
team steph or bron bron? 
i don't think people get the fact that once i decide not to mess with someone anymore it's never just one situation, but constant actions, words or behaviours that i've noticed overtime. 
the right side. here’s another all or nothing gun fetishist for you, folks. would rather go to war than be reasonable. freak. 
engineering against all odds, or how nyc's subway will get wireless in the tunnels by @ dannycrichton 
florida law you can buy a handgun or an ar-15 at the age of 18 but can’t buy a beer until you’re 21. i’m just saying let’s make sure responsible ppl r gun owners. i know some ppl who have a felony conviction but i think depending on the crime they deserve a second chance. 
may be her side fault anything also just 5or10%. but 100%show was collapse.we know canot get any truth fr raisa or juli.they r all expecting to situation to blame ovi.may be the singers like haricharan knew the show was bad. 
i think there should be a new blacklist for #firstresponders. you know, so anyone who thinks its ok to beat, spit or attack first responders, simply don't get those services when they need them any more. who's to lose? abusive note left on ambulance … 
does this mean your song is popular, or that you’re attractive and not in a relationship? i’d be happy with either/or … 
..? i think u misunderstand, im not *seeking* validation in a dictionary; im saying that there are people (ppl we wanna educate) who will refuse to be educated on the basis that *they* don’t find the word or concept valid. whether this petition succeeds or not im still me lol 
to everyone who is pushing for teachers to be armed... what if the teacher snaps and becomes the next school shooter? or if they fail at warding off the shooter... is the teacher now responsible? #guncontrolnow #gunlawsnow #letsbesmart #teachersdontneedguns 
that’s true. but now that you know that it may hurt some people and make others uncomfortable, what would you suggest kind people do when they don’t know the faith of someone who’s died, or if they’re atheist? 
guess what the early church was the one jesus formed. . there is no way jesus built the catholic church. jesus wanted a holy church without spot or wrinkle. ephesians 5 27. 
wouldn't change a damn thing. this is functionally identical to an ar-15, but unaffected by any assault weapon ban, past, existing, or proposed. 
or … so funny ... watched it 100 times ... suga at around 2:20 gets me every time #iheartawards #btsarmy #bestfanarmy @ bts_twt 
we don’t use python for web apps - it’s all php, perl or java. our windows team does some .net but it’s primarily the others. i wanted something “different” 
how have men not gotten the memo abt the manic pixie dream girl thing yet,,, every 20 something man i've ever met if given the time of day will whine about how they love scott pilgrim or be hurt if i call their boring media trash 
@ othardian shiro plot 9 or 10 
can ppl stop demanding things from bts during livestreams or other things,, like they are all adults let them live 
hey @ feddycreates what is worse? getting one pumped? or kintz? 
are there modern day apostle's? have you heard your pastor or anyone else call himself or herself an apostle?... 
also: you don’t know my height or strength so!!!!! what do you know??????? 
woody jenkins, the council’s first executive director, “one day before the end of this century, the council will be so influential that no president, regardless of party or philosophy, will be able to ignore us or our concerns or shut us out of the highest levels of government.” 
$10 menu for savordowntown !! 5" cheesesteak or hoagie, pepper shooters, 1 side & a pa sweet… 
god i wish i could adopt a dog or cat 
|| i always feel bad when i write a person that i worry about them, or they need to chill / relax before they do a reply. just want everyone to know that i think the person behind the screen, and how they feel is way more important than any rp etc. 
usually when @ becky_marie12 comes over we just watch netflix or play pool, tonight we walked five miles and i’m so proud of us 
i can’t tell what’s funnier, adam or city of stars being sung in the background 
it is extremely safe if the crypto is stored offline. what can be more safe then having all of the funds in a cold wallet? even more safe then having funds in a bank or retirement account due to risk of hack, bank collapse, virus, etc 
i don't we strive to help the lonely, sad or grieving. 
or a license plate for a bicycle. 
fly to and fro, or on the smoothed plank, 
vote for @ rihanna in the #shortyawards like i did or i may have to unfollow you. 
any guilt/innocence declared or just a straight settlement? 
and guess what? my sons will never have a chance to play in the nba or nfl. life’s a bitch. 
hey @ brawlhalla i won a cc earlier today in the dev stream but i havent gotten any whispers yet, do i just gotta keep waiting or what? 
it's not so much that there are 2 sources of i formation. the issue is most won't challenge their position or just listen to one another #tytlive 
oh! that’s really cool! speaking of which, i haven’t seen or heard from her lately. 
rays and marlins front office both walk into a bar. no really, they walked into a bar. because they’re dumb, or blind, or both. 
well, luckily they both have 1st amendment rights. god bless america. no one will be persecuted or beheaded for raising the voices. 
these look like some chinese knockoffs. but hey when you #justaddsupreme to the dish it sells. supreme when are you gonna make some jordan 11s i want to see people act a fool over a shoe. but make it simple. don't even change the shoe or a fly color way. lol 
if you get something it's cuz u mixed or some other dumb shit. niggas exhausting to your soul. 
@ cvpayne charles i just bought shares of delphi technologies in december after the spin off from aptiv the company looks good but the stock price has dropped to its all time low today i bought in at $58.00. should i hold and see what happens or should i dump it for something else 
i wonder if you could also think about it as a mistake or series of mistakes leading to a lost stock (from the non-ics side), like missing a tech from marths down throw on the side of the stage or jumping into a forward smash. 
a3: i experience this nearly every day as a new teacher! i am constantly wondering if i am doing something right, worried about what i might be missing, or how i can improve so my students get everything they need. #milamkidsdeserveit 
#lemons who can turn this lemon into lemonade? #puzzleridesbook order or download the print copy 
and yet still can’t inspire his team to victory against norwich or preston 
exo stan playlist culture is having four or more versions of the same song 
sure you are. i'll be the judge of that...judging is final: quit being a naughty sneak or you wont be getting dinner. 
go scroll my pinned tweet & send me a picture or video of you holding a sign that says: @ scooter30205 is real! not a bot! ... i’m waiting 
lmfaooo oh god now i’m a bully?! you say you’re leaving but you’re still talking tho cause you know you @me right? i’m done tho! take care! love fp or whatever idc! … 
i always took that as vs preparing a solution of ether or chloroform to kill me. 
let me see, ar15 for the arm guards or copy paper for the teachers... tough call. 
looool if you make a post or dm me telling me to like ‘your most recent’ i can tell you right now that it’s not gonna happen simply because i don’t like being told what to do 
anyone with military or law enforcement experience will tell u that taking target practice at a range is totally different than dealing with a live shooter...not close to the same thing. 
if i am asked “what do you do?” or anything that could be a trigger for this title i promise to the internet that it will be done. 
i might say my score or mention a good/bad hole, shot or putt. not every bloody shot! 
you deserve someone who chooses u everyday. someone who doesn’t make excuses or broken promises. you deserve someone that stands up for u instead of putting u down. someone who gives u more than just what u ask for & everything that u need. you deserve to be someone’s everything. 
as a maine transplant for 11 years who is back in hometown san diego, i don’t know whether to cheer or cry. i miss my maine! 
living in outer suburbs of #melbourne? get in touch and tell us about your neighbourhood #liveability and what you like or dislike about it! plus get $25 for your time! we love to hear your experiences. @ billiegc @ drcecilymaller @ caulhub @ researchrmit @ 
i have been calling the dudes insurance that hit us all fucking day. and they keep giving me the run around.. how have you not come to a conclusion if he’s liable or not. the fucking police report says he got a ticket for running the red light!! @ esurance you suck! 
i was just reading on a site one4all broody brits spend £180 on friends or family members’ babies before their first birthday brits spend £179.74 on average on gifts for a loved ones’ new baby brits buy 17.05 gifts on average before the baby turns one interesting......... 
i guess because to most people it seems slightly better for you than gatorade/powerade because it's artificially sweetened? i actually like both gatorade and powerade a lot. ever since college, i've been drinking more of them than soda or most other soft drinks. 
yeah and i disagree with him doing that. i also disagree with him on abortion and universal health care. but calling him stupid, or an unmitigated trump supporter is patently false and dishonest. criticize him like anyone but do it from a position of honesty. 
let’s be clear i’m not really writing an essay on why arrell n declan’s corrective or watever his name is suck n ibex doesn’t it’s all for laughs here on twitter dot com 
now, they are walking around with pants hanging off their asses! not cool or classey! some have no style or class! 
i may or may not have cried … 
what slavery??? wth you talkin about? i loved your show, movies, family. now you seem to be losing it. miss the spotlight or something? 
you're wrong and so is everyone else who disagrees with me. my mcdonald's or yours? 
a reminder why emotional intelligence training is important. those who have been through trauma or have pent up anger can heal. we can stop responding automatically & learn to pause before doing something we regret. we can empathize even with our enemies. … 
loss of jobs, or worse, automation. 
please please please do not enter next football season with tyrod taylor as the starting quarterback. if he’s on the roster he’s a back up or we waste another season 
thank you sheriff israel, for protecting our children & community with integrity & not being bought by the @ nra or any special interest, except the interest of protecting children from gun violence, why can't gov. scott or rubio act without self interest like you. thank you! … 
why doesn't he keep his mouth shut, he has to defend or explain everything that comes out of it. 
ok you need to try chamoy or nacho cheese girl you haven’t been living … 
chick-fil-a or to not chick-fil-a that is the question 
or.... you could take a look at how countries with no massmurders in schools do it. like norway, sweden, japan to have you some examples. 
never had to buy my own theatrical gels for ant colonies before -- always borrowed others'. amazed at the spectrum of choices. can a neuroethologist tell me if "cherry rose" is a better red than "salmon pink", "gypsy red", or "henna sky"? #ants 
could be worse "the always ugly" or "forever unattractive". i would rather be a has been then a never was. 
seems to be a liability problem. i bet the town’s and/or school’s insurance rates go up. 
#globalwarming alert! currently unusually cold temperatures in western europe. every one of europe’s 571 cities is destined for worse heatwaves, droughts, or floods via @ qz 
be there for the first ever #aflwpridegame tonight at vu whitten oval when @ bulldogsw vs. @ carltonfc free entry gates open: 5:30pm for a game start of 7:05pm (edt) watch: fox footy (aus wide) or live stream free on the aflw official app 
we’re playing #radio in a few minutes on @ alt_360radio , alt360 on @ tunein or on the… 
3/ i couldn't identify the pile from there, and assumed it to be a dead bird of prey. i know nw oregon occasionally sees hawks, and i've seen one on the trees once or twice. i don't understand what's got the robins so interested that they're all staying on the ground like that. 
why? i need to see if i can claim him or nah 
true, it's why i don't know if i wanna go back or not 
nepotism... when you’re handed your position because you’re daddy’s little criminal, with no qualifications or experience. no election, or hiring process. just a pretty face, “a hot body” and a “bigly brain. so daddy says. 
we see you slam dunk champ! @ spidadmitchell the @ utahjazz (30-28) welcome the portland @ trailblazers (32-26) with 11 in a row on the line and 2 spots out of playoffs. will the jazz get number 12 or will the clock strike midnight? who ya got? #trailblazers #jazz … 
nothing more embarrassing than hearing my cane hit something hard and metal as it falls to the ground. it seems to be inevitable that it does that no matter where i am or what i lean it on. 
britney is the most likable, knowledgeable, beautiful, cute female on-air host in the history of racing by a pole and she's as good or better than the men when it comes to her on-air talents. an absolutely gem for the industry. 
ora in onda sllash - now-or-never young radio 
3 things i need to write 1. a clean workspace 2. my notebook of ideas 3. coffee or tea, depending on time of day … 
no observations on our: 1) ft shooting or 2) inbounding the ball against full court pressure?? 
you have to take into consideration that ya arm police officers and they shoot blacks innocently. imagine arming teachers and they start threatening or killing black students and give a stupid reason as to why they did it. you have to think of this at every angle. … 
or. or! maybe they traded him because he was good enough elicit capital from another team (unlike waynes) and they were willing to cash out after three great seasons from him (we're still waiting for one great one from waynes). 
i guess i will pack my bags and get ready to go to ireland or scotland even though i haven't been to either country! … 
hardest part is slicing the oranges really thinly. good thing about a lot of vegan cakes is you don't need to worry about creaming butter or whisking eggs to a certain volume or whatever. 
@ croxley_green a pheasant waltzed into our dining room in kenilworth drive. has croxley green suddenly gone very upmarket or has it escaped from somewhere? 
is there a property here that might interest you, either as your new home or for comparison to your current one? call me and let's explore further. 
repost: lancescurv tv – skin lightening cream: self improvement or self hate? – scurv on the streets #5 
the typa woman your lookin for or what? 
what i find amusing about all these c-cee commentary is a high number of the girls saying she's this, she's that, are exactly the same and have the same stinking attitude or even worse. all these pots calling kettle black. jokers. big brother is giving y'all a mirror. #bbnaija 
whether you give a party a billion dollars in cash or a billion dollars worth of oppo slander is a distinction without a difference. it's like "humanitarian aid" in a war. aid is aid. give more of one kind frees up money for other stuff. 
once i was seven years old, my mama told me "go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely" 
i be having some nice outfits in mind but i never put it the effort to look or buy them smh 
along with books, bringing in a variety of people to volunteer or to help reinforce a lesson within the school. #elemchat #eda655 
so no knee brace or nah? 
again and again you talk this trash and i have said my peace over and over to you. you will not or cannot see the truth; that banning ar15s will reduce mass shootings. again and for the final time, i say that you are the disgrace, the liar, the distiller of misinformation. … 
quality or quantity? i went quality. 30-27 for hill #ufcorlando 
+for so long. just wished he would have told me bye or somethin." he sighed and crossed his arms over his chest looking back out at the dog. "how goes your datin life genji? find anyone yet that keeps ya interested?" 
guarantee you he won’t wanna be black when the police come around, or he goes to a bank for a loan to start a company or buy a house. nigga plz. … 
...his talking points) in debate class we learned how to passionately advocate for the opposition or the affirmative, regardless of which one was true. we need @ marwilliamson @ glennondoyle @ dr_v_tweet & @ pattyarquette asking the q's, & empathically proclaiming #wecallbs on 
i'm tired of getting daily reminders humans are awful. were we always this shitty or is this a recent thing? 
i'm over monique naw your time is up write a book or something 
illegal disgrace?! mueller's indictments are certainly revealing a lot illegal behavior that is disgracefully close to the president. and getting closer and closer. do you hear footsteps? are they coming for jared? or donnie jr? or you? 
or you can pretend you are a giant eating full size trees. did you like the broccoli? i think it's one of the tastier vegetables. 
@ tpeassist is the 23:50 from manchester piccadilly to york always a bus or is it because it’s a weekend? because if it is always a bus that’s a very lazy way of full filling your franchise obligations to the public. 
good luck! kentucky or duke? 
nano/raiblocks doesn’t charge a transaction fee i believe. which can cause abuse of the ledger by way of spam or denial of service. ripple|xrp purposely charge a small fee to avoid and mitigate these issues. … 
just an fyi, the @ nra does not sell guns. a gun does not cost less than a book in chicago. an ar15 is not an “assault rifle”. the 2nd amendment was not written so we could hunt or target shoot and if your argument is “muskets” you should be punched in the throat... you’re welcome 
which begs the question - can we conceal carry into the white house? if no, then why a school or church?? just sayin’ ....... 
yes - i listened carefully to waleed’s arguments, but i can’t remember any reference to the role of personal responsibility in the workplace. where does that come in? or is there a veneer of ‘professionalism’ and it’s all sodom and gomorrah behind the scenes?? 
got so many exciting videos coming tomorrow! (or tonight for you us folks) are you ready to come on an ‘adventure’? 
@ repadamschiff @ potus @ devinnunes mr. schiff why do you find it so hard to accept the facts & tell the truth. your memo did not discredit or challenge any of the nunes memo. you are snowballing but it's ok god is going and is exposing all you evildoers. you can answer me anytime 
renewables hub, or #coal museum? australia’s energy debate plays out in latrobe valley #auspol 
as an msu graduate, i believe we want the truth, more than anyone (other than the victims) but we want the truth. not allegations or assumptions. so taking the necessary time to assure all individuals are removed from a place of power is the only way to handle it. 
"speak reason to reaction." it's my new mantra. lol before and/or after. it's the only way. 
50/50 can't decide if i want the gay mullet back or if i wanna buzz my head (for real this time bc im tired of wearing a hat at work) 
it's spring training for eaters too... or maybe this kid just eats hot dogs (gulp) like it's a sandwich #springtraining #sfgiants #baseball #mlb by tanya 
she could’ve at least shaked some ass or something like what was all that shit let a nigga see sumn shit 
it needs some time to grow and develope for now, in my opinion, it isn't really user-friendly or instinctive. let it sit for some time and come back later, like good wine 
don't worry everyone knows you would never be as unprofessional or irrational as whoever is impersonating this account. thank you for being one of our most dependable active and efficient fanbases #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt save me 
ah okie good! i would recommend either a love bird or a conure (like jaque, jontron's bird) for a first time owner, also budgies 
also. no i don't approve or trust self trained or self appointed service animals. regulations are important. #ableg. 
this was my mom's face expression when i drove and i didn't crash, kill anyone, or kill us. 
waaahhh. it's rather entertaining to know that a¥&#$ devoted their time to watch exo's performance last night. if it was their hype group who performed, i wouldnt even bother watching or talking abt it. theyre a little too obsessed with exo, i'm proud. 
we should all join the nra just to piss off liberals. it’s $30.00 a year or $100 for 5 years! #maga 
is it a just cause or just look at 1 pic. @flipchartrick htt… 
i spent and entire night painstakingly backing up the contents of each page of that site into google drive and i just remember that i have it. i'm sure it's on wayback, or someone else has a better record but just generally thanks past me, for being a nerd. 
it doesn’t matter how long you’ve been together or how much you love someone. you know deep down if they truly want you or not. if they don’t quit wasting your time!!! i sure did. you’re worth so much more than that 
monique’s been lured by the ice since childhood her dream of becoming an ice skating champion's within reach, until her dearest friend & partner dom suffers a bad accident. will their future on the ice regain momentum, or melt away? @ 
twitterng will wake up tomorrow and won't wanna know why or how all this happened. they'll just drag 
i have no fla plus 8. sorry about that. i do tweet what i do, unlike some touts who you can pay, to get lied to or who will take your money, even after you lose. one day, there will be a way where i can give games to people. tout services+pay for information sites r disgusting. 
hi ray, this isn't something we can help with here. we would suggest getting in touch with her local council or state government for assistance. 
want some cool shit? want to know how samurai clown got started? want to support or maybe you're just bored? check this out. 
ctfu all facts but still i’m sick of his dick bein the topic when in real life we already deal w/broke or ain’t shit ass big nigga dick everyday 
hi, i would be happy to help look in to the billing. can you please send me a dm with your account number or phone number, the full name on the account and the full address so i can assist you? -clr 
like obviously it's fine to think these skaters are handsome or pretty, attractive, etc. but... i used to see regularly like "confessions" about what you "wanna do with them" ew .... & too much explicit fanfic bothered me too 
i remember reading a quote that i posted on ig in 2013 that literally mirrors the person i am on my best days. not every day because there are days i cannot accept or be receptive of love, but on my best days, this quote resonates w me the most. 
hahah who needs it more? you, mom or baby? 
arms wrapped around shiro he nuzzled into his neck and purred loudly, smiled his face. his original was warm and comfortable, was this what it was like hugging him too? he’d have to asklance or keith later. 
you can say a complete sentence without saying "like" or "you know what i mean" 
yes, but he didn’t say anything about a new cameron putter or more forgiving irons! 
put it to a public referendum whether to keep or abolish fully automatic fire arms. … 
to all you bit hung and whining and pissing and moaning about the marcus peters trade. i have a question. is this something you are truly angry about or just need something else to bitch about? seriously the writing couldn’t be more clear on the wall. #chiefs..... 
any juniors or seniors interested in coming in at lunch to have me teach how to pass your driving test? 
or at least a standard one. 
*listening to you while you talk, relaying your fears without holding back. being so open, like a bleeding wound i don't know if i want to make love to you right now or cry, again* christian, i don't want that to happen, and i would never take our children away from you (c) 
was that the camden town republican army, or the islington volunteer force? cus if it wasn't, your reference makes no sense. 
go follow @ liquidation2018 and sign up with @ krishnabrucia or i with $5 per person to play 
my desire to have kids outweighs my desire to marry. i guess im saying if a kid came along anytime , i would no doubt be just as happy with or without a ring idc how eh that sounds 
ok please entertain me or something before i fall asleep with boredom 
...but...sea horses!!! or something. 
see i was totally making a path for the rm and not just trying to save myself or anything 
@ treyarch you guys should make cod black ops 2 backwards compatible for ps4 please think of how much money you guys would get or just remaster it please 
you're going to need more than 100 business cards for an event like gdc! print enough (300 or 500) 
or that he supports president trump!! 
#nowplaying is some things i know - billie renee johnson listen at or on … 
cause religion or some shit bruh 
no climate model. temp/ ice core and other proxy data. the climate models though do show the same thing and track very closely. 
doesn’t matter. criminals will still have them. if we could magically make them go away for everyone then it would be a completely different story. if a maniac wants to kill people he’s gonna do it. either by an illegal gun or a pressure cooker or a “truck of peace”. 
what does this really do? i wonder how many gun sales walmart does in a year to under 21.... and for under 21 hunters, won't mom or dad still buy them one in their name? in other words... nothing gained? … 
the only reason this administration would be desperate to sell nuclear reactors to saudis is if they could somehow profit personally. will someone please investigate what cushy deal the saudis offered either trump or kushner? how much will trump’s family get as a quid pro quo? 
those who deny there is a humanitarian crisis in venezuela are perhaps looking for mass famine, or vast refugee camps. neither can be found. the crisis exists in countless appalling stories like this. … 
or agree on a formal leave of absence until such time as sufficient information has been received to make a knowledgeable and thoughtful decision 
i wish my cousin was dead, should i blast her on facebook or nah 
thanks for confirming! would you be able to try adding the third instagram account in an incognito or private window in your internet browser to see if the issue persists? please let us know how this works :) ^rp 
props to her. it’s *so hard* to keep a therapy session focused on my client’s issues when every day there’s a new something or other to talk about. 
people work hard all year round to be able to afford to come to a wwe show, money that could’ve been used on other things so are allowed to boo or cheer who they want, obviously there’s a line but if someone wants to tell the roman reigns character that he sucks, then so be it 
looking for freezer to stove-top delicious meals? try #linglingasianfood w/ this coupon for $2 off one ling ling entree or appetizer! #contest 
who’s better in bed. myself or branson? … 
except when you're relying on your loc or credit cards to pay all of your expenses, and can't do that anymore. 
@ joerogan please get charlie z on your podcast. please please please, maybe you can see if he is really that crazy or if he's just trolling bro. i think he is really crazy but that would be one hell of a podcast bro. 
i just hope it's the "darkest before the dawn" scenario - it feels like we're really on the verge of tipping one way or the other... 
join us live right now for pastor vince's teaching on expanding our territory through this app or at... 
it’s not about a man needing a woman , or a woman needing a man. the feeling should be mutual , and both parties should be equal. 
you want me to have both or no to both? 
our applications have now re-opened! qfc: 320-321-830-65847580 or link: 
how come most calvinists are so busy debating and arguing, i never see them talk about christ? or his love? 
a retrosexual man does not use more hair or skin products than a woman. women have several supermarket aisles of stuff. we need an endcap (possibly 2 endcaps if you include shaving goods.) should know how to tie a windsor knot and only a windsor knot. 
i'm puting my trust on you don't let me fall down or i will drown and die 
i will say that it was never intended to be insulting or offensive but if someone says they're insulted or offended by something then... they're right. 
i think that's why the evangelical world has been so quick to embrace him and discard their long held values. they think god sent him or some nonsense. if anything i would think they'd see him as the anti-christ. 
some things are best hidden by about 50 posts (on twitter) or 2 or 3 posts (on tumblr). that's what i did with the post about deb's son terry, because i wanted to protect him. 
if you are annoyed at the way leeds uni is treating it's staff, i suggest that you could leave a comment or two describing your thoughts on some of the new promo videos they uploaded to youtube today. #ucustrike #ussstrike @ … 
“ on weekend, i may not be on here, only few-hour because i going to earth planet and hang out with human being, but i be fine and safer or something happens, yes i be fine, i’m take a break to rp too” 
for some reason i always picture you either working at one of the disney parks or on their cruise line. i don’t know why. 
i support anyone boycotting a store or business for any reason. wanna boycott dick’s sporting goods? go ahead. wanna boycott a bakery for not making a gay cake? go nuts. take your stand. (fyi most people don’t care and boycotts don’t work). … 
i hate talking or being around lucy when she chewing fucking gum dumb ass bitch 
like is our very old dog about to die in her arms rn or 
the other is "am i nuts or did they rip off the jackson 5 for the op and it's brilliant actually" 
why everybody look alike?... or try to look alike? lls 
i work like a block or four away 
need chinese female, or other asian female model to take lifestyle pictures for a project… 
if you live in #cardiff or the #valleys and you wake up in the morning with the electric still on, that’ll mean two things: 1) you’re lucky 2) the people at @ wpduk will have worked damn hard to keep it that way #walessnow 
if you want to complain about my room not being clean complain about an actual thing like the hair on the counter or the pine needles that were under the chair 
ps4 and xbox is down looks like pc or gameboy the waves smh 
of course. but he’s ridiculously young as well. a year or two in the minors working in that. ohhhh buddy. he’s toinf to take care of y’all well. 
the world will remember you, now whether that’s good or bad is up to you. 
i thought it stopped this year? or no? 
@ wusa9 @ fox5dc @ nbcwashington can y’all help us get updates from @ mybge ?? many in laurel been without power or updates for half the day. 
idk whats more annoying that people who i called friends treat me like shit or the people i love and trust ignoring me when im having a break down and need someone to talk to while they are having a laught and memeing in another discord server. maybe i should just stop caring 
isn’t that about the complete list of white house personnel that potus has not threatened or insulted on twitter? 
funny. like my opinion has any weight or bearing on us politics. don't be so scaredy poo about your little guns. 
people that tweet 10+ different things a day concern me because do you do anything else with your life, like scroll through instagram or check snapchat? 
i swear drea is cursed or something … 
you can report vol news or i’m unfollowing. 
syed jamal, amer "al" adi othman and jorge garcia have either been deported by ice or are in legal limbo. science teacher, business man and community leader, loving father...unfortunately they weren’t photographed nude on trump’s jet? 
seeing the clips of him shooting over the past week or so, he should be on the court now 
or mad rich or moves. 
civilization v (+expansions), dirt rally (pc w/ racing rig), & fallout 4: goty (w/ mods). but it's hard not picking halo: mcc, forza horizon 3, final fantasy iv, chrono trigger, legend of zelda: a link to the past, rez, geometry wars 3, tecmo super bowl, or metroid prime trilogy. 
the fact remains the same, we sent £bs of taxpayers to some unelected fools in the eu every year, the people the taxpayers did not vote for or replace them. 
retweet them for promotion or book them for some play support your fave sw on #internationalsexworkerrightsday 
"you may try to hide from your past, but sooner or later it will catch up with you in one way or another." - #mindbodythoughts 
i'm literally wearing shorts, fishnets, over the knee boots, and either a tank top or a bodysuit 
would you rather have any clothing fit you perfectly, or be able to master any book just by touching it? — clothing fitting perfectly … 
because you stand by & cheer it on. you enable people like him. because she is conservative & you disagree with her you say nothing to men or other women when they target her, or any conservative women. you want to attack chris for standing up for his wife yet you say (1/2) 
they're really trying it make accounts, tweet nonsense, do what you gotta do for our boys we're calling up anyone who has ever been touched or moved by @ bts_twt. if you call yourself an army vote! #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt 
it was grim as you never knew when it was going to happen or how long for! xx 
this show hasn't been funny or made much sense in a long time 
many "mentally ill" people have high iqs. homeless or not. js. 
theelite live separate lives in their economic class with consequential lack of understanding of normal people's lives, or don't they care? 
it's always like, "what will it be? fire, vomit, a huge party or an afternoon long nap." 
what is going on with mine i’m getting the notifications like so and so mentioned you or liked your tweet but when i go to my mentions there is nothing there like wtf 
i would low key love a loki and anansi story where they're kicking back and causing mischief. does this happen in anansi boys i've not read in 20 years, or @ neilhimself can you make this happen? 
the person who wrote it doesn't know how to think constitutionally, or was simply careless. 
so you want a scene that shows the specific machinations of the accounting department of the sales company he works for? a sort of moneyball piece to camera explanation could be peppered through the film as a sub-plot perhaps? or freeze frames with a voice over at various points? 
to go home tonight or get stormed in here in bismarck? 
like the movie that never existed or the app? or super hero 
do bookmarked tweets dissappear after a day or??? 
she’s not completely baseless in her fear. a good percentage of libraries were by subscription, funded by membership fees or other means. some still exist in the us. 
this webpage was generated by the domain owner using sedo domain parking. disclaimer: sedo maintains no relationship with third party advertisers. reference to any specific service or trade mark is not controlled by sedo nor does it constitute or imply its association, endorsemen 
listen do you want him to save you from jail or not 
'lek - the beginning' lek7 or the 7th volume in #behindthesmile - the story of lek, a bar girl in #patyaya . read a review on this reviewer's blog. nano 2017 winner! #iartg 
and while we are tweeting what happened to the death squads on the board of aca they must have disappeared too or like nra gun control is that the same thing laws ??? 
a number of the wm were "or bust" so yes, they let trump happen so they could play resistance leader. 
not fast or athletic enough in my opinion. average tape but won’t lose sleep not getting him. 
just the fact that no one ever talks to me unless i message them first or they want/need something but never mind i’ll be ok on my own 
// another warning this account posts about fetishes that might be gross to some such as -pet play -ddlb/ddlg -daddy kink -bdsm -occasional water sports (only if you consent to it out of character or ask for it) -other kinks that i forgot to mention 
im functionally high off my ass or some shit 
look what i found on mercari! christmas gift trinket box or... posted by brooklyn … 
i’ve never been the picking type i don’t associate with too many ... but yet bitches i don’t know mentioning me and when it all boils down it’s about a nigga cause i most definitely ain’t said shit or done shit to nobody .. i always check that nigga and be done with it 
first top 1 or massif 
any challs or $8s? no disputers please. 
well sir, you are the blaziken of threads. (please tell me i spelt it right or i lose so many points. too proud to google) #pokemonruby4life 
i’m home bro maybe tomorrow night or wednesday? 
i kinda like the image of trump padding around maralago in bathrobe and slippers, like nixon at san clemente, for the rest of his days. ignored and forgotten, his tweets unread by his dozen or so followers, impotently yelling back at cable news. preferably starting tomorrow. 
graham, you should stupid. "hurt?" what does that mean? a crazy person used a gun. he could have used another weapon. so our focus is the nra? are you kidding? we hate them? ridiculous! let's blame psychologists for failing to pick him out for treatment or lets condemn teachers? 
they can't be that stupid, or... … 
there is also 50 commercial open heifers selling at the tools of the trade bull sale on mar 14. sell in pens of 3-5, april/may born, avg current wt 834lbs. feminine, stout, good hair, uniform groups, green tagged. #angus or #redangus cross. here's the black 
it is too hard to express your feelings to the ones who must know you the most..please just try to understand me one time! amnot waiting for money or gifts or late outings i just need you to be confident nothing more. 
also, "this is me" better win best original song or some rigga morris is going on 
but your decision to not vote in us elections is a right you legally have a choice to exercise or not. and it's a right you are arguing against others having in scotland it seems. meanwhile scots and other foreigners living in us have no rights to vote there unlike you in uk. 
wouldn't surprise me. now he's stuck looking for evidence to support them. or, perhaps he's trying to create that evidence. … 
#wordoftheday acumen: quickness or keenness of perception or discernment. 
if your a uber driver or lyft who complains, stfu and clock off mf, you drive when you want to #uberpassengeradvice 
and they'll be sending you gift wrapped. anyone withheld - or who "dies" - gets replaced by two more of our choice. until we've taken who we need. who will then be teaching counterintel out of federal supermax for the rest of their lives. cooperation would be wise. 
do you want an american president to bend over & take it every time we are attacked ... or stand up & defend our country? if trump had balls he'd stand up to putin ... diminishing the chance of war. kowtowing to putin increases chances putin over-reaches & we have to go to war 
continuing our foundations series by examining the patrol system (or method?). why is it a part of scouting, how does it function, and what's our role is in making them happen? … 
regardless of what he did on the pitch, tony adams has done absolutely nothing of value for anyone in football or at arsenal since he retired 16 years ago. the idea that he ‘coached’ ashley cole, or would have any positive impact at arsenal today, is fanciful. 
hi @ mainedcm, study scriptwriting or film making. you'll never know perhaps you'll feel more comfortable behind the camera. explore, meng. explore. 
"why is melania still married to trump (sic)?" do you have some government bureaucracy or person that can force them to get a divorce? asking for myself. 
i know, it's driving me nuts. is it in the retrospective on him? or on the team? i know it is somewhere, i need the community's collective memory to find that opening. no, we need the. . . 
immediate opening for sr. program planner with ms project and/or primavera in huntsville, al 
honestly it depends on what area of software engineering you want to focus or be employed in. games? then make games, make them all the time. database business systems? learn sql, play with mysql, c#, php, etc. love to learn and don't only put in your 8 to 5. geek out with it. 
did y’all get a thankyou or any appreciation for your efforts 
there is no right or wrong here. these are opinions and that’s it. you and the rest of the bandwagon are just reading to much into this whole situation. thank you for the time you have spent talking to me. may you have a great week. be good be kind and peace out! 
voices of women worldwide opens forbes magazine's article: "what is feminism & why do so many women & men hate it ?" is this true or false ? lets discuss ? 
when his lawyer finally gets him to shut up long enough to listen & tells him just what reality is ... yeah, he'll need clean drawers & for someone to lock up the pills, the ar15 & knives, or stuff him in an empty but padded closet 
will #thereallist always follow a three lawyer intervention to someone on the verge of getting themselves in all sorts of trouble, or was that a one time thing? 
plz add florida or ima have to drive 9 hours … 
#leafs need to salvage a win here, it's been a tough road swing so far( 0-1-2 ) the last thing they need is to lose to the last-place sabres...ugh! let's hope for a solid road game this evening. or...is this a "home" game really?? #leafs #tmltalk 
i get you warm chocolate filled bread. you or just chocolates … 
this is oprah the 2nd, her husband could not or more would not do anything for our country and people but she coult tell us what to eat and what our schools could serve our kids and try to ban soft drinks sizes and stop fast foods (yeah she would be a great pres) … 
probably gotta order it or party city might have one 
maybe a cape, or a giant hat to always wear in public for no reason 
this 4 bd/ 4 ba in rowlett must be seen. call, text or direct message me for more info! 
this 2 bed and 2 bath won't be on the market for long. call, text or direct message me for details! 
declining organic traffic? how to tell if it’s a tracking or optimization issue - 
aw bless! yeah i literally don't know why or how she found it 
how likely is it that 2 ppl during an applause are clapping at the exact same time? math speaking, how likely is it that any applause of 20 or less ppl will just be synchronized clapping? 
the shoes are also from toddler stuff. this feels a bit misleading for those watching at first glance or those who aren't aware of what came with every pack. 
sure but it also equally has its drawbacks. doesn’t make you that likeable or relatable. 
to go or to not? 
timothée follow him back or ill have a mental breakdown 
@ vinylmeplease told me to listen to this. it's way outside of my normal listening habits. and i've listened to it 20 times in a row, on a loop. totally mild - her check it out, perhaps. or don't. 
hey there! could you send us a dm with your account's email address or username? we'll take a look backstage /lo … 
hello, ken. i will be glad to forward any feedback that you have. please send me a dm with your account name and phone or account number as well as the store that you went it o and reps name. -sts 
was it also your first coffee?! or are you still rocking decaf... 
true. i'm not tryna argue with u or nobody elseik how i and every other black person get when a white person say nigga. i was just saying from the girl perspective she probably thought it was okay since she meant it inna different way idk 
so do i go to woodfield and spend every last dollar i have on make up while deja lay dying in our bed or 
@ governortomwolf does the state of emergency go for the entire state or just parts? 
dark red or burgundy might be good though.. 
not until it’s one of their kids or people they care about. #gunreformnow 
we'd love to hear from you! contact us today on 1800 909 306 or #nedlandsgroup 
got some girl scout cookies tonight and the girls were singing songs practicing their sounds. i don’t know who their teacher is or what school they go to, but their teacher should be proud! wish i thought to get their picture! 
what the wednesdays...in case you hear a creepy laugh in the middle of the night. a bug or ai getting a laugh on us humans? (the link does have a video with the creepy laugh) 
brian just fell on the ice outside and hurt his knee! hope his high school doesn't have the students come to school tomorrow or at least have a delayed opening due to the icy roads. such a safety hazard! stay safe everyone, god bless 
maybe if you had washed your ears out before you went or perhaps you did not want to understand i suppose you support women been sexual abused by arse holes 
or at least in the bomb shelter! 
i don’t find anything about her feminine or appealing. 
i’m so mad, still me is only available in large print or hardback which doesn’t match the the first two books in the series. 
i don't know if this is accidental or not or why they are saying this but there are lots of accidental shootings in america & lots of ppl die. guns are the issue … 
tear just wanted to say, i love your content you've been making me laugh my ass off for about a year, maybe a year and a half now, i'm always happy to see another video get uploaded or that another stream is happening, keep it up. 
enter this winner's choice xbox one s, ps4 pro, or nintendo switch giveaway! 
true. can't have that on our minds going into this fixture. if they're not blaming the officials or pitch, they'll definitely flag that up. personally, i think we should unregister him before kick off and then re-register him on monday morning to see if anyone twigs when we win. 
if by odd quirk you mean, "blatantly uses magic when all the religious vow not to, no other religious uses magic or repeat his excuse for it, is always where the party is, and is seen talking personally with the king and his higher epsilon, who themselves are corrupt", then yes. 
*holds up wine* "to drink or not to drink...that is the question." 
i thought malatesta retracted a lot of what he said about the platform? i could be wrong, easily. im not a platformist or anything, just wondering 
for real @ csgohns or riot 
looking for quick workouts you can do at home no matter what your fitness level is and in 30 minutes or less a day? this 7-day workout plan is for you! via @ emmaandrose 
not because it’s not viable or a nice relationship or whatever but because i literally cannot stand the thought of rey wasting her time on a romantic arc 
stall for a second. i'm at the mall or you can pull up here. won't be long i promise. 
or asking david grossman and jack thompson 
i'm soo pissed i'm not going anywhere for spring break anything i want to do i'm about to start doing whether it's by myself or not 
was "spicy" a song from the upcoming album or was it a teaser like " took us a break "? 
hindi ko pa napanuod ung series pero i think the education part will come along as the story progress..its a series after all, the plot of a story consists of five parts: introduction, rising action, climax, falling action (return or fall) and resolution/revelation/catastrophe 
honestly what has happened with traitors, clintons obama. we have reason not to trust our govt now. just because you voted for trump. does not mean you lay in the sand and not wonder why and what the heck is he doing or not doing. troll time i see. lol 
“either you run the day or the day runs you.” @ officialjimrohn #leadership #success 
@ foxnews amazon just announced they are offering free xanax prescriptions or refills for all liberals anxious about the continued success of @ realdonaldtrump and after tonights noko announcement google will offer an apology for being a racist liberal media propaganda machine 
if pacman or megaman get removed i'll be so sad. i feel like they earned there spots on the roster more than any other third party character. 
i feel like every time i cook i need to make a serving of two or more, yet i eat it all to myself . its like i’m feeding a whole family in one lol 
also my attempts to get a decent long dress or nice pants failed so i just got jeans and fuck it ill need to wear my stupid dress tomorrow 
random and unrelated but would u consider yourself a hard insta baddie or a softie 
the moxie by net effects traders beautifully handmad. perfect for everyday, travel or commuting. water & stain resistant & durable. 
thing is, i thought we were over the jack thompson days. we stopped having the discussion about game violence because the few shrill voices pitching it as a pandora's box fell off the radar (or went to prison, like leland yee). the anti-game argument was never strong, just vocal. 
double or single spaced? 
wanted: dead or alive. 
no stream tonight or tomorrow - having social time - love y’all :) 
many years ago, my dad thought it would be easier for me to be a legal secretary or a paralegal (honorable professions, both), but my late mother insisted that i go to law school, if that was what i wanted. so grateful for her advice! #internationalwomensday 
fucking wow dude. just fucking wow.. i hope one day one of my kids can get to your position by just not getting shot by a crazy person. funny how you had noteven a single inclination about guns or how to properly keep people safe from them until you didn't get shot while others.. 
we will be taking alternates & late reg through first break or approx. 8:20pm tonight. $160 buyin w $50 bounties. 15k chips @ pokerlasvegas 
my point exactly! so tell me: why do you brainwashed #trumpturds always throw up the clintons or obamas when you have no viable defense for #traitortrump & his actions? that "whataboutism" is so lame & boring. smdh. 
here's your chance to meet goth people online for dating, friendship or much more: 100% free to join! 
tickets are still available for pancake breakfast tomorrow 8-10 am. get them online or stop by. the easter bunny is ready to hop by! 
do you know how to spot the warning signs of an #eatingdisorder or how to get yourself or a loved one the right kind of help? come to one of our free every woman's journey programs to learn more. 
esp. on econ front. note japan's trade resumption with myanmar 2012-13 that preempted us sanctions lift, or abe's keeping in touch with putin or a race for iran market. n korea next? 
idk if it’s bc i’ve pictured landry gone for a few weeks now or what but y’all are way more bent about it than i anticipated. is this really that shocking? 
trump is a fraud. i don't believe a word he says or any mock ups he provides as policy. just have to count down to the next election and hope he's replaced with an actual president. had enough game show hosts.. 
oh now i know what you mean. when the person you wanna talk to the most just isn’t responding and your sad cause you don’t wanna double text them and be annoying? my advice, and i do this when it happens. video games, or jam out to music or do work 
if all dolphins got was a 4 and a 7 next year. why didn't bears jump in? or was it they went to landry and asked who wanted to go to. 
it's all fun and games until an m1 breaks down on the key bridge. thankfully now we only have to worry about bradleys or strykers breaking down. those can just get pushed into the potomac. … 
tv writer friends: got a thing in the works and am looking for staffed/experienced writers that would be willing to donate some time/energy to working with aspiring lgbt writers (giving a workshop/talk or notes for a writer or two, etc) remote in la is not mandatory. let me know. 
it actually wasn’t that bad.. wish i had some salsa or hot sauce to spice it up though #fiesta 
i mean… this is trying to win with derek roy as your #1 center (or a million diff examples). i do not understand how anyone would begrudge them for wanting better. 
i'm not being funny and i'm definitely not complaining, but wasn't it's always sunny being removed from netflix last december? i binged four or five seasons in a month just to make the deadline... i regret nothing. obviously. i'm just curious. 
having an identity crisis because i don’t know if my fursona would be a raven or type of shark neither of which actually have fur 
"farmhouse" amber, toasty malt, clean with only slight yeasty funk. surprisingly quaffable, nice belgian amber or biere de garde character. - drinking a rbf by @ 405brewing at @ 405brewing 
tbh i’m finding it hard to want or support this club anymore with the toxic fans we have!! never heard such nonsense! 
top 3 insf9 — juho inseong ????? (rowoon or chani) … 
agreed i hold out hope though because singer is not attached and it seems like they're not relying on lawrence or fassbender to make this work we're actually going to delve into the x-men 
the future is selling girl scout cookies please invent a new nnid for my japanese 3ds or just use my american one... 
i used to be like this but then i realized that sometimes ending on bad terms or without closure make it so much easier to move on … 
you can’t tell bill laurie or alan graf or any other big money guy what they need to spend their money on. they want to fix the basketball program and they need to fix it. they are losing money. if you disagree with them, take it up with them. you guys are in the minority 
black panther was a treat for the senses. i'm so rarely exposed to african culture, or african-influenced media, so it was really cool to see it on the big screen. 
you should try doing board game nights or something like that. it helps to get people off their phones and talk to each other. especially if it’s a fun game. i’ve recently got back into magic the gathering lol super nerdy but fun and it’s all personal interaction 
bc you just said cops aren’t rational or ex military. so no one? 
no thanks !!!!!!!!!!!! i would not walk across the street to join you ......... great crowd or not !!!!!!!!!! 
im sorry im turning this twitter into indie rock awkward feeling zone i need to shut up and make art or get ready to go to build tonight 
learn the basic civics. rule of law. no one is above or below the law. go to school you hoe … 
when will people stop romanizing words with ㅅ or ㅌ as 받침 as “s” and “t” 
pc or console? 
@ nourhanmoneer i think by now you are sleeping. maybe before 2 hours you was reading an article or something 
maybe kim jong wants to poison the both of them or putin planning his own junta. … 
my dad managed to make his taxi cab blow up by the time to punch me if you do not meet your terms or conditions 
dont smash or snap your headset my mics used to always break but i realised this would stop them breaking 
rain or shine we dancccccceee @wet republic ultra pool 
then i suppose we fundamentally disagree on whether purpose must be externally granted. i think it can come from within and be based on a person's innate values or learned morality. 
< bottle towards her lips, emptying the content (or what was left of it) in one go. if only alcohol would work faster. "i.. saw there's a half-eaten burger in your fridge. ever thought of finishing that? you said you're hungry.." 
there is no use trying to use logic with an ideolog, caldwell. the only thing they give a shit about is what they think they are entitled to. they could care less about logic, altruism, or anyone else - as long as they get paid to protest, obstruct, & get their own petulant way. 
calling all olicity fans! watch timeless tonight or do it from the beggining. i promise you won't regret it. (and there's a cute couple to ship ) … 
they're banking on the whole roster to overachieve. half the lineup did that last year. no evidence to back up that pham or dejong will continue to play at that level. i even think ozuna will slack a little. hoping prospects pick up the slack is asking for too much. 
mmm yes really love the first day of daylight savings when i don’t know if i should eat lunch or dinner. 
if aj styles loses tonight, i'm canceling. #wwefastlane ... if cena wins. if ko or sami win, i will probably retain. 
don’t matter if it’s a little, a lot, or some. niggas have a right to feel that way cause they either know people or it happened to them 
change your friends, or change your friends. 
@ masseyuni hi, can we expect summer semester results today, or are they likely to be delayed by the same system issues as enrollments? 
quality depth for fangio or even a starter depending on how their offseason unfolds. 
the force of arms is powerless when matched against the force of love or the soul. 
i tend to agree. i didn't like how dk acted, but it seems cg's anger was disproportionate to what happened considering she (and all the hws) has said they don't think dk is "malicious" or intentionally mean. 
ok- here's something cool from russia that has nothing to do with elections or politics. and i want one! … 
jake, what you don't realize is that the nyt no longer owns the narrative. the people don't blindly accept what it and the rest of the msm print, air, or put on the internet. the media's feet are now held to the fire, too. 
i need a stoge or something school be stresssssful 
it is worse than regional state with tribalism only jeeganta or isaq clan claim to be . so stupid terrorist isaq tribe should be put in cell for life 
#qanon #followthewhiterabbit qclearance (or qtype clearance) is a united states department of energy (doe) security clearance comparable to a united states department of defense top secret clearance w/ sensative compartmentalized information access #maga @ potus #thegreatawakening … 
yes, but an important point, the handful of neo-nazis don't have the same networks of organised #tankie fronts, such international broadcaster #polarizenow, @ telesurenglish or @ stwuk et al. 
@ andersoncowan i know i would of enjoyed #dunkirk more had i seen it in the theater. as a filmaker yourself you see what an amazing accomplishment it was in a way myself or @ baldbryan can't. it reminds me of how musicians appreciate the difficulty of songs 
usu had to make a choice. a lame-duck contract is not workable. had to cut ties or extend. three years of mediocre results, regardless of injury situation, isn't acceptable in logan, unfortunately. hartwell didn't hire duryea, so cutting tie was 'least difficult' choice to make 
which do you prefer? power 1 or two? 237music: magasco x tenor x mimie x locko x mink's - donner donner (power 2) 
slap this: twan.b ft. uc lil kayla – bullshit (music video): @ twan_bee and @uclilkayla connect on “bullshit”. they don’t have any patience for anyone who brings negative vibes or b.s. energy. if you’re coming with that b.s. be ready to deal with the fire… 
coming up next on national geographic. tune in or set your dvrs! … 
it’s obviously not there yet, so i’m not sure if there’s more i can (will) do to improve the search, or if i should admit that it’s not feasible to be perfect, and i need a ui. 
would you rather slap your mom for 5 million or slap your grandma for 5 million 
also they can’t buy her or bribe her. she has all the money she needs already!! 
guys, i talked to ben, aka @ddcitysports, and it sounds like he didn’t rig the giveaway. i know that there’s evidence against that, but i also heard that tweetdeck can fuck up too. it’s one of the main reasons that streamers don’t use it. please don’t block or report him. 
thanks metro for telling every family,friend & neighbor that the cost to you for every life lost on oct 1st is approx $460,000, we now have to pay to find out the truth. is metro in the business of making money or protecting the lives of citizens? which one is it? … 
just to get a little money back or if your a collector 
i often wonder if the ‘stuff’ would not have been destroyed to make way for modernity or orthodoxy—at least in the british museum you can still see it! … 
streaming simpsons then either a sound of thunder (2005) or hunter/prey (2010) here in 10 … 
i liked a @ youtube video the hawkeyes "now or never" // airwood session 
tell american we not going to be able to buy something is costing today $50.00, tomorrow will $200.00 or more, who’s be great that way? ¿you? 
if i ever leave you on open/read, don’t assume i’m ignoring you. sometimes my phone dies while i’m in the middle of replying. or my messages fail to send. or my brother gets mad at me for eating his food and finesses my phone then fucking launches it out the window. 
or as us fans of air quotes like to call it, the house "intelligence" committee. 
if you are a fan or not, every golfer is curious. it would be one of the biggest comeback ever in my opinion, already is 
enjoy the eye-candy or else, turn in your man-card 
not yet anyway...there are 18,500 indictments sitting waiting to be issued...idk who or what they are for but cant wait to find out... 
would you rather give up shopping or traveling? 
she wasn’t fired because that would make too much sense. you need to either commit crime, waste millions of taxpayer money or disagree with trump. being horrible at your job doesn’t get u fired. exhibit a is ben carson. 
lol once one or two start doing it.... 
regulations shouldn't be inhibitory. they should eliminate the worst shit, like trans fats, and pretty much nothing else. you shouldn't notice regulations when you do biz or shop or whatever. if you do notice it, you're adding an implicit cost. 
not sure if he's aware he cut nasa's budget and nothing is being prepared or he thinks elon musk's car is not part of it. 
just finished watching #7seconds on #netflix. that is probably the best tv series or #boxset going. so good. 
am i overweight or good on my weight?? im 5' 10" - 5' 11" and my weight is around 165 lb. i think im good?? 
i could use some backing or my looper but don’t have either with me at the moment. 
thankfully alex block em or ignored them, seriously... it was his own decision to end it besides there’s more gf on the way the crazy town isn’t over but let the show rest in peace with love! 
so now what... liz goes back into jason or drew’s orbit.. let this girl get married! she vouched for franco and this is what is going to break them up.. this.. 
my big sister made a review of black panther do me a favor and give it a watch or a rt im so proud of her 
"if a marine or a unit is screwing up, hug them more." - james mattis 
i mean, if we’re talking theory, black feminism or womanism is the only sort of ideology i’ve ever heard discuss “everybody”/ those outside of who they’d be seen as directly advocating for. #thebarrxy 
free stuff but 4 how long? witness venezuela where ur told 2 eat fried rocks or cuba where people brave the shark infested waters 2b free. 
lov doing tedious shit where u can listen to music or a podcast or smth 
says someone who has absolutely no regard for the constitution or federal law. 
does anyone wanna play imessage 8ball or word hunt lol 
i want the best for everyone. no matter who you are or what you have done. 
i do not want my follower count artificially-inflated by anybody who is so naive, empty-headed, &/or russophobic, as to blindly believe the most basic claim of the uk govt + presstitute media's #skripal #hoax – that *anybody* is actually ill, at all – without *actual evidence*. 
if it's reported it will be blamed on alp state governments, muslims or union thuggery. or it will be spun to the benefit of #fascistlnp. these mongrels adept at rolling turds in glitter, putting them on a stick & selling "popsicles" to credulous voters #auspost 
i, too, have been embarrassed by my parallel parking skills a time or six 
not sure which i find more unappealing - pi day or may the 4th. 
damn... sucks to hear about rc fox... met him once, seemed like a nice enough guy, didn't think he would take him own life (or so i've heard) 
check into @ wowcable if your able too or someone other than spectrum. i was out of town for work and they didn't have certain channels at a major hotel because spectrum couldn't fix the wiring or interferance. 
fair enough. i'm just wondering if a resurrection is planned or if they legit just folded and ran 
toys ‘r’ us says it will close or sell all u.s. stores advertisement toys “r” us, the iconic retail chain that has sold toys and games to millions of children for generations, is closing up shop in the united states. the company... … #finance #tech 
if we’re going to talk, then let’s talk. forget about what is polite or proper and delve right into what is sincere and honest. lead me down through the labyrinth of your true, spectacular self. i am not interested in pleasantries. if you want a conversation, then let’s get lost. 
you are the problem, not me or my whiteness! 
does anyone go to beauty con london or was that forgotten about 
ugly god previews new music. sounding or type beat 
my husband is thinking of moving in with my parents until we build our house. because of our obnoxious annoying neighbors and we have dealt with it for a few years and more on him so..if i’m inactive at any point it’s probably because of moving or work or something 
do you not know? have you not heard? the lord is the everlasting god, the creator of the ends of the earth. he will not grow tired or weary, and his understanding no one can fathom. – isaiah 40:28 
i wonder where are the people recommended you chanyeol rap or you just pretend like non ratmy then download the video then upload on twitter then talk shit about chanyeol? youre so low. the obsession and need attention is real … 
'ms. pussyclit or how i learned to stop worrying about being caught and became a human toilet at a doujin event' best fucking manga name ever @ fakku 
are you trying to get ranpo or chuuya or both? :o 
however, there are currently people on this flight wearing flip flops. either they are natives or have no idea that a nor'easter just dumped over a foot of snow yesterday. 
tbf though i don’t know if that’s an actual fact or no, someone just said that time after my poll ended 50/50 once 
every time i see videos of people interacting with or petting wild animals even in “controlled” settings i get super fucking nervous. there’s a big difference between picking up a house gecko and trying to touch a seal or raccoon. doing this stuff puts them at risk as well as you 
how much is it to do a twitter promotion or a facebook ad? i see them a lot and i feel like it must bring in some new people. 
interesting question to me is, where does it go? back into the athletic department only, or also to support other facets of the university? 
i already patented this idea. you can apply for a license or franchise 
as breednet's tara madgwick points out, there certainly were some busy boys in australia last spring with 6 or more stallions covering 200 or more mares: 
« tougher than i imagined. you just seemed smaller, so i assumed.” sitting up, he let out a quiet huff, furrowing his brows at the sudden touch and how he didn’t feel as bad as before. “did you just use some kind of wolf powers or something? i » 
i swear to god if these people ruin winx the only way they can make it up is if it’s gay or else i’m going to say goodbye to my childhood … 
expecting more a drama teacher? he thinks he can improvise. he has nothing to loose. it’s not his money he is playing with. it doesn’t effect him in any shape or form. “the budget will balance itself” said the 
i like to keep air clear. if i ever say or do something that really bothers you or is offensive to you, i hope that you will come talk to me (i'm not averse to dm's) so we can sort it out rather than end with a block. 
you were an amazing mentor for me and gave me my first paid oppurtunity in esports with noble. you will always be family to me brother, and if you ever need anything you know i will always be by your side. lets get tacos or someshit sometime pendejo. 
i guess we are much annoyed by something or everything of the situation surrounded us. i don’t know what should we do about it. 
no matter how deep the waves, how strong the current, or how intimidating the storm -- never forget that we're anchored in jesus and nothing can separate us from his love and care. 
don't ban me or i'll cry. 
@ cherylofficial missed you mama! how’s things going? how’s little man?! are you ready for his first birthday or are you emotional as hell?? 
don't interrupt your competitors while they're busy making mistakes lol, or so napoleon said. 
thought it was "this is where trump is or trump is..." then jean pierre: "that's not where trump is, trump doesn't even know where he(trump) is" #hardball #msnbc @ msnbc 
#qanon is it just me or have there been way more winter storms than usual? what if the ds is controlling the weather in order to throw a monkey wrench into djt spring cleaning plans??? 
no either me or da game 
@ frankerfacez verified accounts and twitch turbo icons for circular coloured dots are the same colour, or very close to. 
do not put your weak limitations on me or nobody else, people really out here trying to pull you down instead of getting in they bag and getting up! 
if anyone is debating whether or not going to see all time low live i’m telling you now it’s worth it so so much, i’ve seen them twice now and they’re some of the best nights of my life i highly recommend seeing them 
sometimes network executives don't know best when it involves quality entertainment. either budget or sponsorship issues could be the problem, but they shouldn't give robot wars fans the finger like this. hopefully, netflix could be an idea for them. 
i couldn't believe his black mom was laughing and defending him being a colorist. it doesn't matter if he was a teen or not even in his grown age he hasn't learned a damn thing 
oh let me guess. haslnut or whatever his name is that’s stalking maxie is anna’s son with faison #gh 
i may not be the most loyal or active mutual but boy howdy do i rt some good memes 
"y-yes ma'am. . . or maybe i'm thirst for something else~." wink, wink~. 
i happen to see someone mentioning they don’t follow me or @ jvolleygifs bc of certain things we ships and i hate to break it to you we don’t really care ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
after i have something i like i'll start to try and clean it up, though i'm also just as likely to redo or modify it again and again. eventually i'll reach a point where it's just pure cleanup. after that i start applying color and wear in layer groups above it 
and endor is my jam, rex or not. ;) 
swooshnation this is one of our boys travel teams, and beleive it or not one these players are… 
it’s about selca thread. should i start new thread (2014) and tweet it as a response to last 2013 selca tweet (then same thing’d happen with 2015, 16 etc) or should i just continue? 
we are announcing two exciting shows next week. watch this space or sign up for our weekly newsletter here:... 
don’t know if i want feed in braids or a sew in for easter.. 
#ce5 you should do another interview with that guy from bc. i would be curious to know if he's been experiencing any peculiar serendipities or "coincidences" since the shuswap's. 
@ missionlogpod wait hold up..... next weeks episode is 'past prologue' my netfilx has 'a man alone' as the second episode. did i miss something? or is netfilx just a bit crazy.... 
the other item in the list is just laughably stupid. "grenade launcher or rocket launcher" these aren't illegal. grenades, however, are heavily regulated by the atf, as are rockets bigger than hobby size. these also have never been used in shootings. … 
snapchat is not an idea. bot is not an idea. influencer is not an idea. etc. some people have no idea what an idea is but they sell them as ideas. a client could do all that themselves. it'd be like like extending leftovers...but no meat of an idea that breaks through, or lasts. 
did you mean to mention me or? lol 
thank you. god uses you. must know when i have an off day. not really a bad one, just struggle to keep in trusting mode or happier. 
guys: the iowa conference gets two teams next year or pound sand. it’s really that simple. 
apparently the bruins are going to win the division and have zero players left for the first round and have to forfeit to the new jersey devils or something 
or just follow someone working on the edge 
second workout of the day. now, before competition last 6 weeks, whenever i have unoccupied evening, maybe 2 times a week or so im adding second workout. the purpose of it - keep moving, pumped up metabolism, increased blood flow to the weaker muscle gro… 
me : *thinks of well thought out funny tweet* 1 retweet 5 likes random guy : “ this is the good luck camel retweet for 10 years of money or your mom will die !” 300k retweet’s 150k likes 
i'd ask how the heck is it able to talk. if it prefers sugar cubes or carrots. if it ever heard of mr. ed 
haha that’s fun! we’ll have to get coffee or something soon! 
yup. #overload. time to unplug and recharge. or plug in and discharge. or... 
i need to know if @ awsten is wearing green today or if he's just not festive 
were they happier? so quiet, not fazed by the hustle and bustle of our modern world. or did they just resign themselves not to get caught up in it? i watched my mom at 93 just happy to admire flowers, read a book or just sitting outside. "come & sit here with me" and then silence 
happy st. patrick's day! drink responsibly and don't drive drunk or high! if you have an irish friend then you should kiss them! (ask first tho) 
cara has only been trick or treating once 
should i do green or gold eye shadow 
ball is life or girls is life 
i am in no way saying kids should resort to violence. just wanted to remind students that other kids have faced seemingly impossible odds before. in the end, germany was more or less rebuilt by these kids. today europe and the world look to germany for leadership. not the usa.sad 
*see self in mirror wearing glasses voices in head v1: you look day with glasses on v2: yeah, the glasses are what makes you look fat v1: shut up or we'll stop talking to again v2: it's the glasses, totally 
love or hate the kardashians, @ robkardashian looks so much healthier and is clearly committed to being there for his daughter. 
believe it or not- i completely understand and am in close to a very similar situation. if you ever need to talk i’m here!! 
carlos, you are the absolute best. i hope to shake your hand someday. or give you a hug. 
has it ever been suggested her abuses her? or maybe it likes mine, my attorney for my divorce also was the best in criminal defense. 
as with all of kaufman’s work love him or hate blassie is the #1 all time heel of all time on my list 
i don’t have irl friends (good ones) or internet friends so that’s fun 
short hair or nah? #blackpink 
meeeeeeee too! (or at least let it be a woman! bonus: woman of color, immigrant, who has a lgbt background. any of the subgroups he’s tried to marginalize & subvert as ‘less than.’) 
we heard an explosion or something at bowser's keep. it was so loud i almost dropped my spores!!! 
some have unwrapped/read books or sequels to wrapped books in them & 1 might be all "most anticipated" so if i open those i'll open another 
final fantasy 14 stream in an hour or so yall. gotta get back to that mmo grind! 
who bats lead off for the red sox? is thornburg or smith the 8th inning guy? 
asked and answered. go watch a hannity show or something. 
@ youtube "sometimes we miss the mark" erm, no, most times you miss, and hit a kid in the head. isn't this the tenth or fifteenth "missed mark" so far this year? … 
was that post it or not post it ? … 
you rolling w1 or w2? … 
c’mon pete that’s not even intelligent we have the most guns per capita and nowhere near the top murder rates. the issue is nowhere near that simple. i’d love to discuss a perspective i don’t think you’ve heard — or you can keep accusing me of being a uncaring gun lover. 
also, anyone who has met ernie or even just seen him on a youtube video will agree, he is the most american man ever. ernie’s love for america can’t be topped. 
haven't busted out a 5 star rating for a new release since hell or high water but you already know i'm dusting that motherfucker off for sicario 2 
i’ve never watch an episode of parks and rec or the office. but i want to be in #sfb8 i’ll watch for that sole reason. hahah 
if somebody paid u 600 would y’all stay at mccals or the nobel motel 
happy birthday or christmas to get a woman outside at night. 
apply the ‘duck test’ to anything trump does or says. it works quite effectively, 
lol people always asking “so are you a morning person or a night person?” and i’m just like honey i’m barely even a person 
when ppl just want u to ask them what’s wrong . look i really don’t care either state ya case or shut up cuz ain asking ya shit 
alright was the book in the shrine a curse or a quest 
it's not #peace or #tranquility if you just remove all chance for #conflict or 
“i’m still scared as hell, holly," vanessa admits. "i’m just… what if i don’t do it right? or it’s not good? or what if i don’t like it?” she drops her head between her face and hides into the mattress. #lustymondaylit #wip #amwritingromance 
have you tried team fortress 2? or csgo? 
everyone i've spoken to today has misunderstood me, or just been fucking rude, i'm going home and sleeping through my day off 
or a very brisk run - pies usually quicken my journey to you guys ;) 
i remember that raid! i was giddy with glee.....wasn't it april of last year or so? 
tohutō (or pōtae - hat) 
i'd add crooked between dumb and mother. i'm not saying that the original line wasn't direct enough but i have a dozen words or more i'd like to add to any description of trump. most of them aren't nice.. 
my contacts are still silent on this. somebody's bound to blow the whistle sooner or later though... 
that left wind group seems to be pushing a leninism-lite or what might be called left bolshevism; they quite like hal draper, criticise dogmatism, and still maintain that parties are a necessity. they remind me of me a few years ago as i was easing out of leninism. 
i'm at work so i can't test. can you jump straight into a d.h after the tenks assist or do you need to hit the jab? 
we are begging the gop to stop being complicit spineless power hungry traitors. change now or you will will be charged once we hit the voting booths. writing is on the wall. wake up gop. impeach trump and save yourselves 
people that say, “give me”, or “i need” are the absolute worst. what you need is some manners. try it out. 
to prevent any form of abuse against minors, the dswd reiterated its guidelines to secure travel clearance for children 17 years old and below who are traveling abroad alone or without their parents. #dswdmaymalasakit #dswdparasanakararami … 
diamon shape unfinished diy wood base or plaque via @ etsy 
alright let’s take a breather for a while, in case anyone needs to grab dinner or do evening things. i’ll be back in an hour or so to read some more! 
they just added a second show to the on the run 2 tour in la the day after i go so am i extra or am i extra if i buy a ticket to that concert too 
muller isn’t done investigating if there was collision or not. and yes, it is a crime. 
i’m not sure who is worse you or trump. actually i’m sure it’s trump. but you are a close second. 
i think a wendigo or another legendary creature lives behind my house. #strangesounds 
no reporting yet that sro actually hit the shooter, or that he didn’t hit one of the students. some saying shooter shot himself. really no indication yet that sro had any affect on situation. 
@ mattbomer i found ep 8 of #versace to be chilling & fascinating. you did a fantastic job of bringing out the ironies &'dichotomy of andrew's life. darren criss just blew me away! u should direct again, but i'm hoping to see u on a tv show or in a movie soon. maybe a wc reunion? 
okayyy or u could just tell me how u think u know that … 
should i keep this a blowjob account or make it a rimming account 
psa: anyone of my friends or acquaintances need someone to talk/vent to i'm always here. don't ever think you're alone. winter is a hard ass time of year to deal with school/work/etc on top of masking emotions, and it makes it easier having people to listen. love you. 
i just saw a big flag on the mountain or hill that said "impeach." 
if you could witness any event of the past, present, or future, what would it be? — it would be back in nightan years ago, there was a guild called the silver shades. all guilds wer... … 
would people quit apologizing for who i am. if you have a problem with me or are embarrassed of me don't fucking be around me. 
my brother the beat maker and that. listen to aberrations by the black orpheus or ur a bum … 
your question is thought provoking. for me what it comes down to is a sense thar order must prevail or the bad guys win...which is injustice. i cannot abide systematic deceit. 
we can have tea or coffee and watch the sun set #loveyounohomo 
half the work of getting something done is getting rid of (or not voting for them) the people who don’t care or aren’t doing enough or those opposed to the issues americans care about. @ markamodeinv2 #cantsuspendme #imnotinhighschool 
@ simplisafe what is the upgrade path for existing customers? are you not offering a buyback or discount for your new system? seeing that you fixed all the security flaws and issues your loyal customers have been complaining about these last few years. 
thank you lionel - appreciate that. these kids worked with me with no previous skills or acting and the most amazing thing is - the school had written them off with no expectations and were shocked at what they achieved 
either hands or feet are tap dancing on the right side of my pelvis. 
every guy in nashville is either in the army or a "musician"... 
can we call him the #austtinterrorist please ? or is he too white ? 
i know she has a rough time sleeping, or maybe not. it may just be an inherited trait. 
@ storiof_life true just tell all you know, do not take psyc drugs or let let them lock you up! get #peersupport good friends that listen & do not panic. in ma we have #alt2su meeting run by us! #alternativestosuicide & self harm. we r not “crazy” we have … 
hell most of the inbred toothless people who follow and support the nra cannot read the second amendment or if they can do not understand it. i would say most children in elementary school have more of an understanding then the adults that follow the orange fellow. 
the thing about dancing that i love the most is that the freedom i feel whenever i dance. may it be on stage, during training or even on a random street. dancing had kept me sane all these time. 
this was my experience as well. people ask “what brand is that” and i say “not nike or adidas” (because that’s all people wear at my school) i love how no one else has it 
i have /yet/ to make a su account. still debating on who i should be. thinking about connie or lapis. 
can't know if it's trash or not if you never listen lol 
is “harries potter” one of those odd adjectival plurals like “courts martial” or “inspectors general”? 
true or not? creepy shoe would know. 
we don't have debt problem or debt target, we have a equity issue and equity target. paying down debt on old assets is dumb and risky. build a bunch of equity by paying down debt to have it all whipped away when lepreau has to be shut down for one reason or another. 
i respect it's not something you wish to discuss here or now and happy to move away from that topic. 
dont! who else is gonna show me love lol like really 
these subtle insults disguised as random comments are getting under my skin. or am i just annoyed for no reason? 
22/mar/2018 8pm: temp 42.5f [5.8c] (falling slowly), feels like 35.8f [2.1c], light breeze (n 4mph), humidity 51%, barometer 1014.09mb (rising), 0.75 in [19.1 mm] sleet, or snow melt 
“opponents of the bill fear it could charge doctors with murder, punishable by life in prison or the death penalty.” totally against death penalty and banning abortion, but...there is some nuance here. 
if he did struggle, nelson, or coleman could fill in... what worries me about bitonio, are the injuries... one year on, & one year off... if the pattern continues, this is his off year... 
right or wrong - and he's often both - he's a smart guy and makes his points well. 
“the first day or so we all pointed to our countries. the third or fourth day we were pointing to our continents. by the fifth day we were aware of only one earth.” — sultan bin salman al-suad, astronaut #peace #myopia #youropia #edchat 
i wonder if that will cure her meth and or crack addiction? 
thts bc there is no real "right" answer, ur always going 2 think abt "what might've happened if i'd done this?" or "maybe i shouldn't have done that" but either way, u just have 2 make the best out of the decision u made and see where it takes u but i can promise u, u did good 
i mainly annotate when a quote resonates with me, or when i can relate to an experience that a character is going through and then i just write what i reminds me about! yes girl! you feel me! 
business may or may not be affected, and a few people might take 30 seconds longer to drive through an area, so yeah, folks dying are worth it. you're a reprehensible human being, rachael luckey. (h/t @ … 
you or whoever it was was tweeting at a high school player about graduation rates implying that tosu doesn’t care about the student athlete... my response was appropriate...you know, cause a kid died and all.... “slick”..., 
cause he was gonna get arrested. that doesnt make him a threat. im not saying the guy was innocent cause idk if he was or not but he wasn't a threat. he didnt have anything threatening on him. 
white/light blue shirt or gtfo. also i hate when i see dudes wearing non tailored suits, look like slobs 
last question of the night q6: what can you do if you, or someone you know is experiencing harassment and abuse online? #teartalk 
i can assure you that crews are working as quickly and safely as possible to restore power across the region. if you haven't reported your outage, please call 800-833-7476 or visit 
@ katyisdsupt you gotta be a real piece of trash to laugh at a story where someone wanted to kill themselves from bullying. guilty or not. you suck dude. big time. 
sex is always sex doesn't matter if it's with your brother cousins or dad if his dick game is fire im fucking 
lol— what a shock! your puppet committee says you weren’t guilty, and they blame obama. yawn. btw, so what reward are you giving devin nunes, mr. president? or is he being blackmailed right along with you? 
or recently if not today 
don't show me your scared or shy to be around me. cause then everything will be awkward! 
@ lsxyz9 hope your surgery goes well. on an aside, could you check jhin in practice tool? give max items and lvls with last being new rageblade. 1 auto gives more ad than any other item. waveclearing or objective fights give more than 500ad +movespeed from rb. 
3. however, i'm sorry sir, we have bigger problems. we have a system that is failing or has failed and needs to be fixed either by force, fire or blood (pardon the lamguage), or its gonna die pretty soon and the least we'd worry about is human capital development. 
streaming simpsons then either falling down (1993), final destination 3 (2006), or the game (1997) here in 10 … 
@ streamlabshq hello. i've got a question, there is one problem if i wanna donate to a streamer with my card, it doesn't work anymore. i was wondering if its on my end or if you guys have problems with card payment at the moment. would love an answer! 
i cant figure out if the manga is continuing (i never read the manga so i have no idea) or if its an anime reboot 
will me and my hommie make it there or will the bullshit break us? 
that's either a sheep, and eyeball, or a boob? 
if you are a member of the legislative branch of the us federal government, you stink. none of you are exempt. you do not care about this country or it’s citizens. why you are continually re-elected is one of the great mysteries of this world. 
#makegoodnewssoundbad mexico alleges it didn't pay for the wall or stormy daniel's hush money 
two frustrations of job hunting: -job titles in cyber are not consistent. you have to think of what title they might use. -most companies don't list a pay range, leaving you wondering if you priced yourself out, or if they might still reach out and ask if you'll take less. 
nuggets or clippers winning tonight (especially clippers) might make things a little bit interesting. 
all i wanted for breakfast was muesli (granola???) w yoghurt and berries and all i could find at any cafe was either made with greek yoghurt (um??) or $23+??? 
omgosh apparently i have tulips or something spring like that. funny thing is it's in the garden… 
idk if i want barbican square or something else 
or deflowers actually 
if you want to avoid a complicated situation which olivia and calvin are in, don’t have an affair with the driver or anyone #tbstragedy 
no firm scientific or medical evidence supports dandelion root as an effective treatment for cancer. stop sharing fake news. just don't. … 
so, while the dutch/belgians were painting scenes like this - which i love - were the southern europeans doing the same, or still focusing on sacred paintings primarily? 
taged by @ieusinia ty memey theyre lesbians who are loud or trying their best (or both) 
we are not able to contact you directly from here in social media and as mentioned we are not able to access your account or personal details. - jo 
semiautomatic handguns with “high-capacity magazines” are precisely the kind of firearms the founders intended americans to keep and bear. gun grabbing politicians don’t want me to have the most effective weapons, or any weapons. 
word!!!!!!!!! you never when or where your opportunity will come … 
i hate when someone says i’m not fun just because i’d rather stay home to do homework or study 
alicia, why did you come back? you had blocked me and i praised you for that. please go back to blocking me before you have a total meltdown and/or make even more of a fool of yourself. i have to do a podcast now. guess about whom i will be talking... 
@ russohockey if toronto handled g.i. calls and offsides calls do you think it would allow refs to focus more on the strict slashing calls and other on ice infractions? would they still be okay calling obvious g.i. calls or should toronto handle 100% of them? 
so, what are your thoughts on the folks who own an ar (not an m-4) for the pure enjoyment of building and shooting?? apparently anyone who owns an ar is using it for home defense, and not anything else. do you have a home defense weapon? maybe a 1911, or glock g43? just asking 
i’m sorry, you’re misunderstanding me. i’m not trying to argue. your claims are pretty serious and i was just wondering if you had firsthand knowledge of them discriminating, or if you had read that somewhere. 
he knows about my personal life and isn’t in a hurry to marry me off and all that foolishness. he asking me about med school instead. lol! so i have the luxury of not being bothered about whether or not to take a man’s last name. 
remainers are not, and should not be voting fodder for labour. i will not sit down, eat my cereal and vote for jc just because he or anyone else tells me to. jc = his initials only. he is not the second coming. there are other parties. 
when i have too much time to think it's either a good or bad thing 
brother mouzone was no joke, and to think meth actually auditioned for the role, no star status or nothing, straight put in the work for it like a g 
literally didn't say any of those things, dipshit. you understand the term "police state"? are you a good smart boy or you need it explained? 
what should a #mold remediation contractor do when they find #asbestos and/or lead? … pls 
celebrate spring with and @ sweepsdbcom by entering this giveaway for a chance to win $25 amazon gift card or paypal #sweepsdbspring #sweepstakes #giveaway #entertowin 
not every form of release is healthy. and our fandom has a disproportionate tendency to allow and at times outright encourage severely unhealthy or dangerous behaviors. artists like my husband bear the worst of it, getting sexually harassed/threatened several times a week. 
ikaw din if you're hurting or anything that causes you to sleep with a heavy heart, kaya mo yan 
can i file my taxes twice or nah ? 
why can't congress or some group get him legally impeached!! #itsjusttimebeentime #trumpnodisclosed 
you are the one that pulled daca, or did you forget? 
i like new england journal of medicine or the duke law review. 
nothing stormy is going to say or do will adversely affect @ realdonaldtrump's base. she's mainly pandering to increase her appearance fees+see if she can shake some more $$s out of trump loyalists & of course she's toy for you press types to get hyped up about on no news days. 
did donald trump block me from messaging him because i kept sending him chuck tingle novels or is it so hard and got away with it. 
imma big boy im not tryna blame or say stuff that isnt true jus to make myself look better. if some things my fault ill own up to it, dont act like your the damn scapegoat 
it's tough. although i am pro-meds, i struggled with whether or not to medicate my son, he was young. i thought about how i "managed" growing up; excuses, lists that i never stuck to, "organization"...i had to try at least everything. life long anxiety from that is awful 
mueller should only ask @ potus questions regarding the campaign nothing regarding his presidency or his alleged affair in 2006 
it’s worrying deb, it is. twitter has been good to me the couple of weeks and with everyone’s support it would actually make things harder if i couldn’t talk to people or if they couldn’t see me 
all social change is cut w satire and humor. as the kids said at the marches, of which i attended, they don’t give a shit about the “elites” or adults. they’re making the change themselves. and signs aren’t policy positions. what’s important is she was there, marching. were you? 
children being slaughtered by saudi arabia, whether by saudi planes,money funded terrorist groups or support 4 israel.yemeni, syrian & palestinian kids r being killed with help of saudi ,what people will say for money.u really have sold ur soul 2 the devil 
that's hysterical! i've previously knighted tracy kraft-tharp as colorado's queen of corruption. trying to select colorado's king of corruption. my finalists are sonnenberg, ray scott, hick, cory gardner, or tim neville. any thoughts on who the king is? 
oh cool, splatoon 2 just popped up a notification stating there would be server maintenence at 8:50 or something like that...didn't know they did that. 
@ gamblinghurts i personally think it is very easy for people to jump on a bandwagon and claim an addiction or as you said earlier a mental problem but in general is society that messed up? you’ll always find a way to spend your cash. 
have ppl not seen sinister or what 
expose a toddler challenge. #pubquiz tuesday... one who believes zim can have bullet trains / one who wears a scarf in sweltering heat / one who sleeps on the job or one who believes a rock can leak diesel to solve economic crisis 
is granny a member of the party, or does she send the party on this quest, or did the party embark on this quest because they all just love granny? 
also, i’m sorry you’ve had a rough day or two. sending much love and i hope everything eases up after april 1st. xx 
the latest locked on panthers includes a fresh daily mock draft using @ ndtscouting's board in honor or the release of his prospectus. check it out here: 
i’m always so nervous to say what i really think or feel, but after doing so it just feels good to get things off my chest 
anito or deities and spirits @national museum of anthropology 
very true. i actually think he's underated ... not saying he's at ruth, mays or bonds level, but he's at the next level. his arm was his only weakness, if he has one. 
but doikeep it liked or unlike 
hi there. don't worry, we'll look into this. can you dm us either your username or email address so we can check? /ju … 
i look forward to learning about your latest discoveries sometime, sir. i heard you have 12 phds, could i call you professor pines or dr. pines? 
you gone duck when i shoot or imma leave your body layin 
#modoseguidera #goodnightworld #a_m_or mañana les doy followback, seguro que si. 
tariffs are generating noise. i expect that the trend is driven by the expectation that interest rates are going up. i don't have time or skills or data necessary to confirm. 
r u basing whorey on what u see when ulook in the mirror or clothes? cause if it’s clothing i & i would guess many other people saw nothing wrong with her clothing, the show is called deadline: white house not what not 2wear, instead of making moronic critiques mind ur business 
i’m not sure about 17, 19, or 20 but misha is in 13x18, 13x21, 13x22, and i’m assuming 13x23 this is what i deserve 
writers, particularly those in the #amquerying trenches, keep a word or google doc full of all the good things that people say about your wip. if it's a rejection with a sprinkling of what they like, take the positive and add it in. revisit when you need a boost. #writetip 
no its the person mental state of aggression notoriety radical ideology the brain sends thoughts to the system the brain communicates to ego self direction. fight or flight fight with fists guns knives etc. the weapon is an inanimate object. 
1. this guy is such a tool.. hey suh the owner is a 1000x richer than you he doesn't want to hang out with you or teach you anything 2. owners don't hang out with players 3. does les salary cap snead not understand that isn't going to have any money in 2 years for other players? 
mercedes benz glc 300 coupe...without question, we offer the best mercedes deals in florida! contact us directly to buy or lease any new car, truck or suv! car shopping your way! | (844)444-5059 | #carshoppingyourway 
good luck with this presentation and please let us know how it goes. it is always political will that makes things happen or not. their local politics do not allow for student safety at this point. maybe sue to make them react and spend the funds as they were intended?? 
that's agreeable....lol. or else pick your top two and mash them up together 
question? do you have the skill to defeat an op4 @1600 yrds? remember they are coming to end you.... pretty simple yes or no.,. 
time to quickly remanage my weekly/monthly outgoings. might have to skimp on dope shirts for some new expenses. or start raiding charity shops. 
oooh can i get a nice fit sundress or those nice pants we almost got at urban planet pleaaase 
who's excited to watch @ roseanneonabc? retweet if your watching (or going to watch) @ reelmfishman @ therealroseanne #roseanne 
who in the world eats anything other than 3 or 4 … 
hello everyone my business pages is @ avon, leggings and j. elizabeth boutique by amanda patterson and @ buy avon and leggings with mz. amanda if u have like my pages or added my group u can do so right now here is the list of things... 
corporate handbooks can be boring and pieced together without much thought or they can be written by pr consulting. :) feedback from our client: "a community member read the handbook and said she thought it was beautifully done. yay!" #copywriting #bellingham 
some of these were close, either cause i liked both or had no real feelings towards either (like i really don't care for bolt but i've actually seen it unlike pete's dragon). bt the winner was a complete landslide easy decision for me 
uh, were they pygmy hippos, or regular sized ones. cause i would imagine getting too close to a baby hippo will get you extra trampled. 
i always get the collagen boosting ones from marshalls because they're fire! they come in pairs that are essentially presoaked cotton or gel pads you put under your eyes, leave on and then tap in the excess. 
he didn't start trashing you until after you called him that. he never said a single word to you, he never told you to fuck off or anything like that, until you called him that. all he did was stick to an opinion he was telling everyone, not just you, everyone. 
i do not know how to do this amazing feat. do you have a video or instructions you’d recommend? 
if the a10 or big east comes calling for lu, you answering? i’m not. valley is perfect fit. 
i still can't figure out if you know the deceit or if you're doubling down on an overtly flawed talking point simply because your ideological superiors fed it to you, and it feels like a winner. 
there is a thing called the army corps of engineer’s that is a military civilian entity that builds things abroad and at home or supervises contractors to do the design and building on there behalf. … 
z either them make money or barbeque too much sauce 
but does it damage trump or distract from his achievements? if not, it doesn’t fit the mocking-bird narrative. 
@ jefftufts4 any way i can watch or listen to the game? 
or wisconsin 
retweeted derrick johnson ( @ derricknaacp): the census must not serve as a mechanism for diluting political power of african-american communities or depriving them of their fair share of federal resources... … 
don't lewd lolis or else 
enter now for your chance to win a $500 or $50 amazon gift card! #ftw #giftcardsftw 
#lendingblock @ lendingblock lenders can be individuals or institutions #lendingblock @ lendingblock 
donald trump help me to go to the usa to work or enter the american army. brazil does not achieve anything. 
jajajajajaja same !or much better with oliver and felicity in their honeymoon and everybody in facetime talking jajajaj i mean why not 
f***ing injuries and you know that and everyone does (or not. everyone acts like they don't) 
20 rt or 20 followers and i’ll give out the codes #fortnitecodes #fortnitemobilecode 
welcome to the awakening chat! wu (warm-up): introduce yourself (first name only), your school, and a sentence or two about yourself. make sure to reply with "wu" at the start of your first tweet, and end all tweets w/the hashtag #kchopinchat 
don't talk to me or my safety scissors haircut ever again 
i'm always down to make something custom for someone! shoot me a message on here or on facebook on the steady lifted page. 
this is why i like “douche” as an insult. something or someone useless to women imposed on them by clueless male marketers. 
so seeing things as you wish they were, isn't just about bible verses or reading in general? 
bags of chips that are called "family size" or "party size" do little else but make you feel guilty when you finish the bag all by yourself. 
listen chris ima be 6th row at jiffy lube... so what do you prefer being thrown at you on stage? bras or panties? 
push and pull or “death match “ is the shit nowa days … 
if you're buying something and you're with someone who you're only fucking (meaning not committed to in any way) are you spending on them too or you consider that tricking ? 
rising artist of #yyent #anthonymontel previewing some new music ... how’s he sounding?! or … 
or die because you have no finances left. that is my current situation. our government murders tons of people every single day. they know this and they still do it. perhaps they enjoy it? i have no idea. 
anyone have experience using a sub to produce? is it worth it/helpful to have one, or just meh? 
your way too obvious, your a liberal shark for sure. i believe he will be kept until he screws up or his loyalties stray! i know you probably won't understand that, liberals are loyal to no one, lie to everyone! #keepinitreal 
quite obviously. don’t worry, the nazi’s won’t be around much longer. or they’ll be hiding in the shadows. 
he’s grown alright - all 28 years. i hope friends of @ davidhogg111 friends in high places scrub him before @ wltaskforce @ julianassannge @ kimdotcom @ thomas1774paine or some other concerned citizen digs up who he really is. 
ow... oke thanks fam. i'll do it. honestly i didn't have lastfm acc or app at all. 
bang chan is going to kindergarten or what. why the hell he is so cute. lol someone will kidnap him.]] 
oily or greasy foods are my eternal enemies, despite how much i wish otherwise. 
i've said 4 years do not be satisfied being a a conservative,tea party or libertarian-somebody with vision and backbone. kag! 
it’s called seditious conspiracy or treason mueller will let us know when he’s got the entire family charged. kushner for numerous financial crimes #fredotrumpjr for the treason charge for arranging a meeting with russian government officials then daddy chump after impeachment 
or that they perfectly understand that the modern republican party is the defenders of both monopolies and the surveillance state. 
twitter is that bbs where you quietly upload a file to atdt911 and then cd\|delete *.* and then get ready to be "flamed" or "banned" and then go have 10 drinks while watching fight club. there is no alt code for anarchy. i like the 60-minute time limit though... 
haha, listen to some soft music, or read a book. those usually get me to sleep! it's only 8 pm for me haha 
or be rape in the butt...which ever comes first and then we can ask if he tried closing his anus and if it worked 
if you weren’t at the game, and want to hear (or learn a little more) about rob rush, the interim pa announcer, here you go: 
we didn't give buhari any award — martin luther king's family … via @ daily_trust really? award for hire! fake or real, it doesn't matter? 
thiel says all options are on the table for increasing revenue for the city. he doesn't want to raise property taxes or eit, but he can't promise that he won't. he wants the city to look at a modified pilot program. 
@ ingrahamangle i've seen fb posts slamming you. don't be quick to apologise. hogg said he heard shots 3 miles away rode his bike to school making sure he had a camera? i'm around guns. 3 miles he knew where to go? he didn't call cops or first aid took camera? coconspirator! fishy 
exactly hun dont explain or say sorry your true supporters know that you will cross any mountain for yours. god bless 
@ christiankane01 or maybe you......wolfie 
#asection have been on patrol tonight in larne, supported by dva. numerous vehicles found at excess speed, with illegal exhausts, windows, suspension, fuel or tyres. offending drivers have been either reported for prosecution, issued fixed penalty notices or had mot revoked. jw. 
@ realmuckmaker @ abigailkjohnso5 i want to see a cover that says who the hell is trump? no pic. and then i never want to see him or his family or hear their names again. this is my easter fart. 
i want to see a cover that says who the hell is trump? no pic. and then i never want to see him or his family or hear their names again. this is my easter prayer. 
so.. does that mean she is in transition or...? — no … 
i work at an adult store and could get you a clone-a-willy, but i'm not sure if you would "fit", not sure if you use the tube or just mold like paper mache. but not the best for more mass production. indivdual sales yes, if you only need to mold yourself once. 
did anyone get video of the bellas’ performance or the mean girls’ christmas talent portion? they didn’t record for me. #rfar18 
well, i hope your candidates are running for sl and sheriff to win. (walking door-to-door with a winning message, collecting 1-5 support rankings, etc.) if they're not, they're useless, and you're "controlled opposition"(witting or otherwise). best wishes. … 
is @ cutesamanthafo2 a girl? yes or no! 
officer blane salamoni within 1 minute on scene with alton sterling before killing him: "put your hands on the car or i'm going to shoot you in your fucking head" … 
grief the idf or iof as they should be called, actually had the nerve to get a spokesperson to defend murdering non-jews ! israel a truly kafka planet... 
ain’t got time for little kid drama, or for anyone that ain’t down with me. i’m trying to move up in life. 
donate or volunteer with media research center. @ themrc successfully fought for and greatly helped hannity the last time @ mmfa went after him by exposing their conflicts and corruption. 
weird how that works....right? we say the left exists in a bubble or echo chamber. there it is. 
does using proactiv on one's face render one's brain incapable of researching a byline or facts to verify? does using proactiv on one's face result in a loss of iq points? 
i knew i taught you well. the way i deal with anything or anyone i dont plan on entertaining is by by simply saying "word". 
i really don't give a shit, but talk about a all male team all korean team and tell me that it's diversity... i don't give a damn about diversity but this is not what it looks like. or are we talking about diversity of personality? if so then diversity has never been an issue 
loyola is falling apart, either setting up an incredible narrative or just the crushing reality of the world 
to the store associate at #totalwine who may or may not have been flirting with me, i donated blood today so i'm exhausted and i am in need of a shower. if you're impressed by that, i promise you can cleeaan up, my friend. 
construction project engineer: position summary as a member of the corporate construction team reporting to either the u.s. construction manager or other senior project manager, the project engineer will work on capital projects including new… 
was it just me or was this month a drag? felt like we had 2 months inside of one month lmao. and we even lost an hour this month so idk what the deal was smh 
what can you do when your heart is broken? what should be read, seen or heard to make the initial pain of it more bearable? #healing suggestions are welcome. 
my question in this game in regards to the speard was whether or not loyola could match up with #wagner. currently that is a big fat no. 
the person gets boycotted or replaced or shunned, but their message, their virulent bullshit, remains. there's still a market for that ignorant bs, just not the suddenly unacceptable person. laura ingraham is garbage, but if she loses her job, new garbage will take her place. 2/ 
@ fortnitegame i play on console and this has been happing to a lot of people but why is it that when you try to swap between your weapons really fast it either freezes your inventory or it makes the gun float in mid air? i’m just curious and hope to see a response back! thanks! 
im sure ppl will not be attending #pax this year. quit fucking going through a box sentience and now i am more or less empathetic than usual. it doesn't make me a completely unironic, unsarcastic and legitimately 
whether it is in a listing agreement or on your advertising, spelling is key! #spellingbee #funny #buttno 
the bold & the beautiful we put all of these looks together from different essential, stylish available in our boutique or online … 
@ fortnitegame drop the bunny or you get the gunny 
colorado rapids v philadelphia union: game thread plus how to watch or stream 
there’s nothing for me to respond with on those. i can just say okay, yes or i agree. 
@ thomascookuk this is a crazy random question, i may be moving to the usa for a short while, i want to bring my gaming console with me, would it be allowed in my hand luggage to keep it safe? if it was in the weight limit? #xboxone or #ps4 
computer network defense (cnd) analyst: job purpose:monitor client networks, through the use of defensive measures and information collected from a variety of sources, to identify, analyze, and report events that occur or might occur within the network… 
hey - you finally got to see it. i worry that people, not knowing the history, will enjoy it - or see the connections to today (in russia and the us!). 
i need to see @ alissa_ashleyy in a @ fentyxpuma or @ fentybeauty campaign. preferably both. 
naked like really without anything or with diapers? … 
and the saddest fear comes creeping in, that you never loved me or her, or anyone, or anything. 
@ raeherington shows my boss every embarrassing picture or video she has of me 
i’m so done with the whole love triangle thing. they’re about to kiss n i bet the girlfriend is gonna be watching and she’s gonna cry or something 
i just did this or that on @ virginred! let's compare answers. 
snake oil pt 3 or maybe another conspiracy theory podcast?? 
trying to find out do women love you or just trying to control you. 
in my experience the only way to fully move past that feeling is to confront what or who is causing it and figure out how that feeling can go away other than that it’s the most draining feeling in the world 
gun control issue doesn't offer democrats much. i definitely don't think any new weapons technology should be legalized. bump stocks or anything else that speeds up gunfire should be banned by law. however, democrats need to hold the line on abortion, voting and union rights. 
#capricorn females would never cheat in a relationship. it's either in a relationship or out of it. 
idk i'm even fine w/ ppl treating it like it's a profound cultural poison or whatever, it's just that, fuckin' duh the lens through which it considers subject is wildly narrow and anyone who thought steven fucking spielberg would solve that is like...idk even i'm baffled 
just wanna go back a month or two 
take a look@this news written based on us sources,not uk's @ sadiqkhan has so many helpful works done i see, but some trumpists can't see that. their eyes are usually closed against good development in uk to show thanks god british ppl distinguish bad or good very well to vote … 
it's official @ chicagobulls. i will not watch any #bulls game next season if #bullsnation gets the 8th pick or higher. mgmt has not done enough to do what's best long term for this team. #firegarpax join me in protest @ waddleandsilvy @ thekapman @ chrisbleck @ twaddle87 @ coolbmwm9 
ah that's a rad idea! i already have these two on one of the arms so idk if i should put 1 or 2 of my other patches on the other arm 
toei should put old dragon ball on netflix. like, og dragon ball. with launch. or was it lunch? 
@ garyvee holy shit i'm doing it! can't say what or why and it's not even my idea but i did enough hustling and networking to get noticed and asked to be part of something. i think it's actually happening. i'll report back in a while and i can only hope by then we're #crushingit! 
go to work or get drunk with my family?? 
i bring up abortion, because it is a very good example of double standards. you demand unlimited rights to an abortion, but wish to severely curtail my god-given right, to own whatever property (or weapons) i choose 
yep...we got hit in ct also. cleaned a good 5 or so inches off my car mid-morning and a few hours later it was almost gone everywhere else. 
everybody is in a nasty mood rn and i’m just sitting here eating chips like back tf way from, idk if your shitty vibes or contagious 
the reaction i get when i play or send my friends @ scottyatl’s new song #ratchet is pretty priceless. 
one of the worst parts of having anxiety is when you're talking to someone and they take more than 5 minutes to respond and you begin to just did i say something wrong i probably shouldn't have said that maybe i need to find better words next time or maybe i'm just a loser or m 
good morning, please report by smsing the word “power” followed by your account number to 082 612 0333 or 44676 or provide us with a street number and name. 
not sure who makes us love them...the actors or writers 
is it just boring? or limiting? 
you forgot don’t eat pig, vegetables or seafood, yeah my list is a little long. love all chocolate and candy though. 
poor easter bunny said wtf but i gotta clap when the 1st third wife claps or i lose this gig. 
@ mrbeastyt since all of your videos need money this idea won't cost anything its called count to 300,000 or worst intros ever 
. @ realdonaldtrump look at $50,000.00 fee per employee per year 4 hiring illegal. call it fee or fine or tax. should help get rid of all them on their own. have irs collect it and ice write the tickets to employers. food for thought! @ seanhannity @ govmikehuckabee @ marklevinshow 
am i entitled to not feel loved or cared about? :| #blahmonday 
what about apostles? half of the church believes that these gifts are no longer necessary or even being dispersed. 
#ptg weekly analysis is back graphic just got bigger new #ptg select cards are nice but don’t really change anything atm as seasons end make sure to invest in high hype potential individuals, or else expect big price declines take profit when you can! 
#ilovebeingtransbc i have finally figured out how to be my true self. i can be confident and be proud! i am who i am, and no one can change that, not me or anyone else. to all in the trans community: you're seen, you're heard, and you're valid! 
i’m accepting new clients for personal training in metro detroit for the month of april. for all inquiries visit my website at and email or send a dm sumer time is less than 3 months away. let’s work. 
and all done without any stress or cruelty to the animals of course.. my big fat elephant ass says maybe not. manana manana, hope the elephants were stoned. bbc news - elephants loose on motorway in murcia, spain … 
and your labels are ok because i called you out for the evil bastard that you are : a comment which praises or glorifies terrorism is very different to a factual comment … 
hamas is a political party. any criticism by western media that it is “just a terrorist group” or “isis-like” is as fraudulent as possible. it literally is the anc model 
we’re gearing up for a busy sacramento summer! if you and your crew roll deep, make it a double or triple brew bike tour for 30-45 people! #sacbrewbike 
meanwhile, thousands in puerto rico still without power or running water... … 
bro any info on il elections yet or too soon the squirrels are curious. 
@ ffhitman i have cooks in a dynasty league. i'm excited about the trade to la.. should i be? or should i be worried about him being traded...again. 
thoughts and prayers don't cut it. oh! hey!! maybe next time all the teachers u arm can run over to the youtube building, or whatever public place is the next target, and they can stop this ongoing madness. or, better yet, armed guards at every public building in u.s.a!! 
#social_security and working: everything you need to know: #social_security and working: believe it or not, the two are more or less completely compatible with each other. you can absolutely get social security retirement benefits and work at the same… 
unless we get julio or odell what the fuck … 
you mean like not really expelling the 60 russian spies or as trump prefers to call them “comrades” 
will you? oh wait, you never dug into his human trafficking issues..but you were quick to dig up 30 year old stories on glenn...when will you look into bennet's past, how our next guv is avoiding paying his fair share or the corruption of hick? 
ronnies goal takes me back to when @ andrew6young delivered one for me to notch at f1 racing. got it or you dont 
or just have a big booty. … 
idk if i laughed harder at “unsecured wigs” or “pocahontas windy” 
they aren't playing to roman's strengths at all. he doesn't come across authentic at all. i'm optimistic that vince will no longer be head of creative in 15 years and maybe triple h or somebody else will be in charge of the product. 
what's better????? the bat flip of confidence??? or the broken heart and tears of disbelief of sucre??? 
my family would still be living in a trailer house or the south if it wasn’t for my dad working 70-90 hour weeks every single week when we were younger. he sacrificed his time & freedom to make sure my bro & i had a better life than he & my mom did. 
here’s another: play casual for 20 minutes and see how much time you spend actually playing the game. probably 8 or less 
sleep, art, sleep or art... why cant i sleep and art at the same time sigh 
oh i haven’t shared any of my new stuff yet, so it was probably something old but thank you so much!! (posting some new stuff later or tmr though) 
someone please record this episode that ally is in and upload it to youtube or something after its over bc i'm busy working on a project thx 
i hate fake shit no matter if its people or items 
@ gabrielzamora as i told you a couple of years ago... @ shanedawson will invite you to make a collab with you in a video or something! now, shane notices you! this is awesome gabry! this is so cool!! @ shanedawson it's your turn now! so, please! 
if it’s online i always go with the state or major city, but of course if i’m somewhere close to my hometown i go with that 
tell me i'm a brat or when i'm selling myself short. give me snacks. put my hand in your pocket. 
ppl like him if make a change himself or themselves 
grow it until you’re sure whether or not you want to cut it so that you don’t make a decision you regret 
that seems crazy though. either your battery was faulty/insufficient from the very start or you’ve been exposing it to severe usage under extreme heat. how can your battery in an iphone 7 already be compromised and showing signs of significant wear and tear? 
pointing at the door. “you can go, you clearly have some issues. friend or not, you have a wife. i have my own obligations.” … 
i miss y’all too! y’all gotta fly out here during the summer or sum 
if trump knew about economics he wouldn't have 5 bankruptcies or need russian rubles to survive. 
oh geez should have known ( not sure what i meant by this but it sounds funny, or not, now i'm rambling) 
or a human who looks like a gorgeous human. 
i think its a liberty or something like that.. i work with the guy and im gonna look at it more tomorrow 
large corporate business or small business ... no matter what business you got going on, please report all of your hired/payed employee's. #jacquelinealexis #a4a #business 
f me or finance me. of alle 3. 
or maybe it's just the ravens and every other team wit no fye starting qb 
look get right or get left that’s the bottom line 
i have a easter basket full of candy...should i smash or nah?? 
that's very impressive. i've only been going at it three years or so. still, i've had my share of courtroom battles. 
many people can't forgive you for the way you and your followers treated hrc after it was clear she would win the primary. fairly or not you get a lot of blame for trump who is a nightmare for poc. be humble in that truth 
did i or did i not post that shi on my story earlier today 
please @ kevfeige or #kathleenkennedy, maybe one of you can coax #peterweir out of apparent retirement. i wanted another witness or picnic at hanging rock, but for the notoriety he deserves, maybe one of y'all could give us his swan song? his would be a uniquely epic genre film 
i posted on another tweet, build the wall between ca and az, nv & or. may not need it if the"big one" hits! 
or to pressure newport against we. or vice versa. 
thinking about streaming flash games in an hour or so gotta watch the live event. 
it be charge my phone or listen to music lol i kinda don’t like this 
the only extent through which i can see firms doing that is if there is a productivity yield that they can capture or attract workers which they need. 
i bet you, just like me, wouldn’t want your mom or your kid or other loved ones to drink polluted water. i bet you don’t want to drink polluted water either. i’m sure we can find common ground here. 
be on my dick or give my number to your friend 
@ rickygervais if you love dogs. check out the video i made or not. … 
someone play duos ps4 or inv me to your squad please im bored psn: kidnameddelite 
i cannot stand bi-phobia. it’s not a ‘percent’. stop asking if it’s fifty-fifty or if i like one more than the other. it’s not anyone’s business. side note: this is really directed at quizzes saying that they’ll tell you how bisexual you are, or what percent you like each gender. 
congratulations to all coast tyre solutions maroochydore on their 2nd b'day celebration yesterday! if you are looking for new tyres or just want want some good, honest advice on tyres or... … 
i don’t believe in unlimited tolerance. for example, if kw came on board an every single article was about hanging women - i’d expect him to be fired or i’d stop following his work. 
to debut or just named? 
chill hudson. we all arent dr's in geography weather or whatever 
good on lucasfilm for casting phoebe waller-bridge as l3-37 but also could they please let her write a movie or tv series too??? … 
when the 19 stops on hurontario will it block one of the two lanes of traffic, or, will there be an area for the bus to pick up passengers similar to the route along burnhamthorpe rd. ? 
mine has been like this for a couple of days now. all of the most recent tweets are from an hour or more before 
@ angieslist whether it's #fakenews or #conspiracytheories or #outrightlies, i'm surprised your company allows its brand to be tarnished by strongly associating with the racism, sexism and mendacity peddled by @ seanhannity. please reconsider your position and #firehannity 
nope, take a look at the draft.. who’s picking 32? or take a look at the 2018 schedule & who’s gonna be playing opening night at home? so yes.. still relevant... 
don't wait for things to get easier, simpler, or better. goals will always be complicated! 
since when is it a property right to have a property rezoned without process ? metro council should never have allowed str2s in residential zones but they make it right and now the state preempts that! how is that fair or reasonable to the majority? 
no dude, its more like trying to spoon something onto my plate then having it drop on the floor or something 
humblebragging might be worse because it says something different about a person's character. not only are they still bragging, but they're being either insecure or passive-aggressive about it. 
it's really a shame that a professor would turn a potentially real question into grandstanding. maybe the question had a real question behind it, or maybe the future gynecologist wondered how the hell they would treat a dude who thinks he's a woman. 
bruh..... posting about how you’re so happy without him, or posting your glow up to upset a man after he’s cheated on you will never work. 
i mean most peoples chars are either themselves or who they aspire to be, and usually they are the most fun to make so i’d say start new. 
40 years? it better be a good fuckin’ adaptation or spielberg just wasted 40 years being greedy. 
regardless easy or not. it's you who is dealing with it. let's think positive that you will be fixed and up and running soon 
pont is welsh for bridge. follow us on twitter, facebook or instagram for more #welsh words 
i want to see a leafs series (hoping for tampa). both of your options are who i also wouldn't mind or one of the california cities. friend is coming with me from vancouver + me leaving here in toronto 
"why do gym rats like big women?" nigga who the fuck cares! that's the wrong question to ask! you should be asking which rolls you want me to bite on. your stomach, back, or neck rolls?! 
obscura open mic night, monday, 4/16, 4:30-7:30pm in the black box theater. come for the poetry and pizza, to listen or perform. full details in the flyer below. … 
you covering this for the athletic or there as a fan? 
trump's strategy, or youre stupid, or you havent gone back and read real news from when the cabinet was installed. because we've known this fact since the beginning. catch up or shut up. there's only one set of facts. youve just been schooled. 
the sad fact is that the world will continue to do nothing about syria or any other war crimes because "it's not our problem" is the mindset of leaders. 
or you can look up @ … 
so proud of my soon to be graduate @ truelovelyme i love my best friend this girl has been rocking with my crazy ass for 8 years and i couldn’t ask for a better friend i’m all emotional because of my hormones but me and your god son and or daughter are so happy for you 
anything on trump children costing us taxpayers $330,000 on ski trip to aspen last year or at least $73,000 this week on don jr & eric's trip to dubai? 
bro, i' m no pep supporter i just admire good football so let that sink in first. and for today i only saw a great derby match with little or no tactical influence, just some group of players fighting for pride and the hungrier one won. thanks 
is that beckham to denver for their pick or #2!for their pick plus+++++ 
indeed, i saw the fish poisoning theory too... no deep politics involved by russian or british or any other agents i've surmised for some time... or this young detective at home alone would have caught them for sure... … 
monday 4/9 5pm. first contact, first scheduled. call, text or email @charlotte reflexology 
when chyler said she was invited to a western does she mean the #legendsoftomorrow final or #wynonnaearp someone tell me 
the rationale answer is humans are pattern recognition machines and you just being human. the fun answer is you notice these patterns of what's called synchronicity bcause you awakening into your power. i'd suggest finding a shaman or witch mentor. good times. 
youre wrong. pizza does. and cheese. or is that just my life??? 
nothing will check your fucking ego quicker than realizing that the energy you are receiving from others is in direct correlation to how you are treating/carrying yourself. or what you are allowing. 
and if you don’t love him it’s okay you don’t have to, that’s the beauty of it. it’s not by force that’s why we have free will. and oh boy i know that my god is sooooo so so so good and so powerful and he will never ever let me down or leave me. 
the picture is misleading. it should have said whether these are the victims or the perpetrators. when it says nothing, then cnn is guilty of causing speculation. yes, i know people need to read the article first, but still. the picture should have explained who these 3 kids are! 
if so, he or she needs a couple months on dagobah with yoda. the force is not strong with this one. are you hearing it, too? 
fark. proving yet again why #metoo is necessary. so many deaf or tone deaf ears. nothing will ever get through to the worst of them. @ tonyrobbins irredeemable it would seem. embarrassing for him (and so much worse for others). brava to the woman who called him … 
yes sadly i wont be there as well yes your group was hector jay jay in 2016 i havent been to the track or ran any of the gigs since … 
absolutely correct, but i firmly believe certain politicians, internationally, have been bought off, intimidated or threatened into compliance by the nwo. it is hard to believe, that many people are so stupid. … 
watching toby slowly put together the pieces to expose bartlet’s secret is nerve-wracking because you know that if toby can do it, other people will be able to as well and that poses an immense obstacle to any white initiates or a bartlet campaign. s2e18 
it is horrible this happened!! that library needs to know it is not ok to mess with anyone who has autism or is on the spectrum!! they will pay for what they did!! #autismacceptance #autismawareness #autism #bekind 
i’m surprised no one in my group cast fly, misty step, or used their eagle whistle!! 
crna / anesthesiology / new jersey / locum or permanent / newark nj permanent & locums crna job openings for outpatient surgery job - ...... 
and here i just want to write good characters regardless of gender, race or orientation. 
need a new pinned: - dms always open - returning character (2 yrs exp.) - up for storylines - ships w/ chem - detailed as you are - looking for company - the - rt and follow or you'll make the list! 
hi if you need me to complete the mutual or want to be friends just like this tweet … 
slept funny. do it allot and it sucks. ice hot compress advil does the trick for me. or whiskey!!!! 
okay, now breathe. i suggest you ignore all political punditry between now and the beginning of 2020. try to amuse yourself with other things like tweet storm, your kids, or fights with the neighbours. 
the joke is on the democrats! one way or another trump is going to do what needs to be done! 
using impeachment to drive their base is going to be effective! democratic leadership has to figure out a way to drive voters without losing supporter or ignoring the reality of impeachment. they must show division on impeachment to get trump voters. 
and this is why you can never give the left an inch. never give into their talk of “common sense [fill in the blank].” join the @ nra, learn to shoot a weapon and join the fight for #2a . or this is what you’ll end up with. … 
i no longer have the time for fake friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. if i catch one wrong vibe, you’re cut 
for anyone who has not had jalapeño poppers, do yourself the favor, they're delicious. i may or may not have had 100 just now... 
i wonder if my kitten truly loves me, or just pretends to so he’ll be fed. 
interestingly, in our study looking at what happened when craigslist opened erotic services, we also examined the effect of the site’s appearance on whether a reviewed sw worked alone or for someone. craigslist made it 6% *more likely* she was independent. … 
you can get through anything with a good booty and hair flip am i right or am i right?! @ katyhearnfit 
i -think- i have my con setup all set, assuming the table isn't unusually short or anything. 
full or empty? 
it quality assurance analyst (no: it quality assurance analyst (no corp2corp!!!) infoweb has the following requirement for our direct client in iowa. if you?are a fit please send your word formatted resume to?mary at ************************ or call me… 
i want someone to press trump on the lack of sprinklers in trump tower just so he has to either explain that his negligence and greed caused that man’s death, or he has to admit he actually has no control over a building bearing his name, thus perpetrating the fraud. 
that i'm so proud of them and at how far they have come and i would say i love them( or i might not be able to talk) 
this is the 1st time in history, what will the gop say or not say about this? 
… don't know if i'd rather watch this or a jar jar binks standalone movie 
please support the campaign with stories or words of encouragement on we are not asking for donations just an act of kindness when people see a homeless person. a sandwich, a coffee, chat, even a smile read about it … 
i've always wondered what's more rare in an @ indians game: kluber cracking a smile? or tito not chewing gum? 
that moment when you think @ aljazeera or @ cnn is unbiased … 
democrats the party of 'no.' republicans .... the party of 'go' along. dump the rino herd or suffer the same fate. compromise = surrender. 
as the name suggests, this app will show you the lyrics of the song which is playing or any song that you are going to search manually. you might also be wondering that what’s different between quicklyric and the other apps available on the google play store like m... 
see how i tweet every second or min...magnerbyus ku cguru para bukas hehehe 
odd question, but has anyone else woken up to an unusual number of, or surprising selection of, new @ linkedin connection requests today? 
phew! thank god you discovered that! except...uh....hillary isn't the first female president or the 45th president so that doesn't work. try and discover something factual. 
idc what nobody say! #nickiminaj has been gon for 3.5 months before she posted and/or said anything! she gave everybody 3.5 whole months to shine! since she bout to drop now, she hatin on #cardib and don’t wanna see her shine? does #cardi and others need another 4 months? sheesh! 
i once saw an ep with a young ryan seacrest on as one of the daters. like in the hot tub, looking for love or fame or both. so, anything’s possible 
we are signing off for the evening. feel free to send us a tweet or email & we will respond in the morning. 
idgi why don't girls try to play w their boyfriends or watch them play i mean it can be fun yknow hahahahahaahahh ++ daming solid 2-player games sa steam 
on one hand i can't wait to get this scan over with to find the source of where this pain/sensation is coming from. on the other hand i'm scared. i don't want to be told it's something that requires an op or going to hospital. still got 9 days until my appointment 
i'm a big fan of muting idiot strangers, no need to block them cuz it's rare to see them again. i only block when someone is a mufo, because by the time you've angered me that much, i don't want to risk seeing any trace of you or i'll say problematic things in shared posts. 
is luke meeting the flash or something? #shadowhunterschat 
i refuse to get a tattoo until im at least 22 bc i know ill do something stupid and get a kaiju tattooed or somethjng. 
love to watch him hit it in the rc gap. triple or inside the parker. 
it’s either this or 
good ones that you don't mind losing... sunglasses always have a tendency of disappearing or breaking... 
@ kindaculty where is antman and the wasp timeline take place after infinity war or before 
why do and i get discouraged and then i don't feel like something because the fandom is bad doesn't mean the show or band or whatever is 
but we can't say mom and dad or lady and gentlemen... i'm lost !!! … 
like that fan.forgot his name.jt or jd 
there will be no free or freeing of willy, sirs. 
are marches happening only if mueller is fired? or are marches happening if rosenstein is fired? clarification needed as shit gets real. 
life is too short to care too much about what zuckerberg or some politician has to say. if you don't like the $ fb don't use it. 
i saw it too myself. beautifully done work. i'd say it skews more 'adult' animation than it does 'family/kids' similar to ethel & ernest (pg) or loving vincent (12a) in recent years...but 'adult/mature' in a non-crude south park kind of way. 
do you mean above the law as in grandpa joe with his mafia connections & bootlegging, or perhaps above the law as in chappaquidick? 
i've gotten to the point where i get home from work and i'm bored... like... i just sit around either hoping to fall asleep or drink till i'm in a chemically induced state to pass out... i think i want more from life but i don't know what... 
hope it’ll have some type of internship or positons where i can practice my knowledge in psych but also learn hip hop history to tie it to my love for music and the human mind 
small world af. are you guys working down here or in mass still? 
really? have your own wheels or save a grand? 
um yes hi you liked my tweet recently about me asking if you were practicing origami so idk if you are or not ?? miss you dude 
you sir are ignorant. or a sophist. anti-semitism & anti-zionism are definitely not the same. 
. @ abc roger is begging for a pardon. b4 donny is impeached and or arrested... 
it’s not letting me dm you but are you available tomorrow or friday ? 
i am still trying to decide whether it would be easier to stay up till 5am or wake up at 5... why zayn why 
hair bow, poker, handmade small 3 inch poker playing cards flower pin or hair clip (made2order) #etsy #supercrafters 
- it gave him comfort whether he realized it or not. he clung to her even in his sleep, unwilling to share or be parted from her. 
no (or well, last blood test year and a half ago and it was over pericarditis so probably didn't even check for that?) but i have no problem with finding people in my real personal connections attractive 
a boy in the library complimented my smile and asked for my name and instead of following my twitter or instagram he asked to connect with me on linkedin lol 
looking for an i phone 6 plus or higher (sprint). 
chico: chico's story: fosters needed arriving 4-14-18 chico has deformed hind legs, cryptorchid and will need surgery as well. he gets around just fine with his handicap! chico's info: breed: chihuahua mix size: small 25 lbs (11 kg) or less color:… 
teller - part-time - lebanon branch - citizens bank - lebanon, or 
today i tried retail therapy and spent a half an hour deciding on whether or not i should buy a painting of a dog with a mustache and a sombrero after i had already spent $200 on things i don’t need... why am i like this 
i am apparently very bad at responding to texts or showing up on time to anything. 
it’s days like this where i wish i could redo a chapter of my life because i’m upset about my decisions or the people in my life at that time 
i mostly just get breakouts on my forehead so i looked it up and apparently it’s usually a digestive issue or stress.........that’s me 
i think either one (probably me) or both of us have misunderstood. 
isn't it amazing that when you see a picture of a young person that passed away you see past what they're wearing or what they look like and just see their heart shining through. heart breaking. 
developer: back to jobs location: atlanta, ga, united states salary: doe posted: oct 12 reply asap to – ******************* or call at- ************ android application developer atlanta, ga hire-type: c2c/w2 responsibilities: work collaboratively with… 
patti bacchus: preserve or demolish? school boards face tough decisions 
spacex's president says we'll be able to take a rocket to shanghai — or mars — 'within a decade' - recode 
whoops @ govofco looks like you misspoke and said this waffling garbage instead of “regardless of cost, drug-testing snap recipients is an appalling affront to the dignity of the poor and has no place in this or any other state” … 
calling all makeup artists + hairstylists! volunteer opportunities: friday 5/11 prom makeovers in sf 1-4pm saturday 5/12 mother's day makeovers for underserved women in oakland 8-11am. message us here or email christine@solsisters.org thank you! 
bill, just when i think your tweets can't get any more wild or crazy, the sun sets & the sun rises to a brand new day of #scandal! every fucking day is a new #trumpscandal! #ohmygawd! chat w/ @ potus tonight @ presssec @ sarahhuckabee. we'll have ?'s for you tomorrow! @ … 
and they all lost the primary. big time. it's been a long time since a sitting president was unseated in a primary (or forced out). 
for those of you who think filipina women are docile...i have 14 years and counting of first hand experience. you don't want to mess with them, or their family. fierce fire women! … 
they stole them or paid?? you better be securing the bag... 
james comey "very persuasive" guy or traitor he leaked classified info.. he was a disgrace to the fbi.. i find it highly offensive the former fbi director comes out with a book bashing our president pee tape, oh please, comey is batshit crazy trying to push his book!! egomanic 
here we go lock into @ kissfmuk right now! i’m taking over for the next 60 mins! #joelcorryonkiss or stream on the kiss kube app 
car installment: rm560/month 1 year: 6,720.00 2 years: 13, 440.00 rm13, 440.00 is the figure i need (more or less) if i want to further my study (master). challenge accepted 
or are you missing someone 
if, or when, mueller decides he wants to talk to trump, trump doesn't get to choose not to. 
#casecerrado was so sad today. parents fighting over whether or not to tell their son he might only have up to a year to live. my god that’s awful. 
are they all new or 
the right one, left eye (or looking from the front like in the picture) just seems a bit off. the rest great job as always 
if you can't stop your target with 10 rounds or fewer, you shouldn't have a fuckin gun! like... where are those rounds going then? you know? 
the donald should tell those fake reporters that "" any more screaming or yelling of questions from any of you will eliminate the priviledge to be in the cabinet room for any more access."" they get carried away and do not know how to act. … 
#blackadderbot it's up to you. either you can shut up, or you can have your head cut off 
i need to win a free surgery or something i need this stomach gone. 
make sure you cancel your amazon prime membership if i'm late to make music or art or whatever i like aren't awful people. 
or how many people love a conspiracy? a lot . an awful lot . at what stage does a conspiracy gain credence? or is it you dislike it when the narrative begins to be dissected ? 
free people, size small, $28! - 602.354.5680 for questions or to buy! we ship! - the more… 
in ch 298 of hq and i just squinted at a panel trying to figure out whether a person on karasuno's sideline is suga or ...who the hell is that???? my lack of facial recognition is too real 
more charging or checks from behind than any other types of hits. #icepackhockey 
is it just me or did he call him the n word...? … 
uses of total reward strategy: 1-provides desired competitive position for each employee group 2-identifies appropriate labor market segments for each employee group 3-market is segmented according to industry, geographic location or performance #reward #strategy @ omarabedin 
one question, does “society” translate to systematic racism to you, or is there any degree of separation in the ‘library’ of your mind? 
"the mbta will no longer apply even after a catastrophic event such as the deepwater horizon oil spill that destroyed or injured up to a million birds." @ bydarrylfears @ dino_grandoni #protectthebirds … 
here is mines: would you rather shave your heals bald or not take a shower/bath for a whole year? 
would you rather eat cheese of @ pimpjuicek foot or @ freyyx 
why arent they replying, did they just learn that colour is on a continuum or something? 
the finger heart means sending love or i love you in korean culture 
pardoning libby, someone trump admitted he doesn’t know, is equivalent of a message from a mafia don—if you keep your mouth shut about obstruction, russia, et al and lie to fbi or to mueller, i’ll do the same for you, take care of you. … 
he better be cuz his offensive scheme is bland and he does not like to change or adjust when things don’t work … 
win a $500 visa gift card or 1 of 3 $100 gas cards. toyota sienna 
never 2 late 4 a nap am i right or am i right 
y’all dm me if you want me to send prom pics to you but also like buy a yearbook because we need more people to buy them or there won’t be one so like 
he is the best migo. i swear that fuckin dj akedemiks interview made everyone think he's a retard or some shit lmao 
maybe i shouldn’t of used the words “lie” in describing god. perhaps i should say a veil or a shadow of the truth. 
leads thee, or where most needs, whether to wind 
i’ll reserve judgment on whether that’s good or not. 
almost at the age when the men start acting right or at least get tired of playing games. 
mercy should have insta rez (or her old ult back) on uprising, trying to rez without rein's shield on hard and above is almost impossible 
nothing to do with tribal warfare, religious intolerance, medieval attitudes or sadistic dictators eh? 
u know like .... when he laughs a lot ... or is embarrassed ... he crouches down or clings onto someone or just crosses his han... — yes :((((( the cutest baby … 
mebbe so - sounds like you're surprised or something. 
it's one of my absolute favorites from the whole trip. so happy to see you. hopefully, we'll see each other again soon. are you going to eh con or earp-a-palooza? 
keep thinking about john boehner or baehner or whatever taking a hit on a homemade gravity bong. 
this old guy surely shared this picture via the sea or a rock maybe … 
having both 3ds remakes and both wii u remasters on the switch in one or 2 collections would be amazing 
still waiting for taeyong or ten to wear fishnets under ripped jeans 
don’t know if i wanna go back to the good old days or skip forward through these shitty days 
i don't care if you like wrestling or not, try like hell to catch the hbo special about andre the giant. i will never forget walking on to an airplane and seeing him taking up two 1st class seats. then seeing him stand by himself waiting for his ride in front of mci. 
oh, you meant "did he get money back on his taxes every year?" it's possible. all you have to do is overpay your estimated taxes (or lose enough money). 
@alfordteasternh whose ideology resembles your own that is currently in congress or past member of congress? i'd like to know prior to promoting your candidacy? 
maybe i'm bad natured or maybe i'm young i'm sorry, so sorry for what i've done 
looking to trade accounts hmu with offers or if you wanna buy my account im letting it go for $60 hmu 
i couldn't say mia - the penalty is for leaving the match before it ends and unfortunately there is no way for the server to know why you left so it has to issue the penalty or it could be abused ^kal 
i just want to know if i’m having a boy or a girl 
stuck between buying the toyota corolla or the camry 
and do what to deb or the awan brothers 
i wasn’t being literal. you may think so but i don’t think your scenario isn’t worth or makes any sense. agree to disagree. 
me ha gustado un vídeo de @ youtube - elliott smith - ballad of big nothing (from either/or)). 
report: digital will make or break your business. get out there and #disrupt or #lose.… 
trying to figure out when bartenders remember what you order and/or offer to buy you a drink is a good thing or a sign i go to the bar too much. 
not sure he even realuzes that there are things he can't buy or bluster his way out of. i wonder who is behind some of his moves; he's not smart enough to figure any of this out. we'll see whose patsy he is-maybe. 
@ peardeck if you're in student paced do they have to finish in one period or can they access it next day or following periods? will their work save? #peardeck 
anyone get a new battery for their iphone (older models 4,5 or 6) and they’re satisfied with it? 
i just heard that the gnats are on the way towards cincinnati on or about june 1st 2018. 
my mans j must have be sick or something here he has a better voice … 
the rehabilitation of angel sinclair angel sinclair plans to hit pine bluff, make amends and move on… until he meets maggie robertson. do age differences matter? or does love conquer all--if it’s written on the wall? 4/27/18 #troas #pinebluffnovels 
there’s no shame in being unable to produce the same quantity of work as your peers due to mental health and/or disabilities/learning differences. i’ve been tearing myself down over the past week for ‘failing’ but y’know what i did good. i didn’t fail at all. 
bro half the rappers aren’t even old enough to buy “bubbly” or let alone know how to fuck a bitch properly. they still live with their moms and record shit on their step dads old laptop 
duniya chahe jo v karo aap show ko vapis law ..purane formet me ...or khud v purane vale kapil ke jaisa karo ...mst sirf comedy ...and u r the best ..all tha best 
i hope they handle the superstar shakeup better than last year, where everyone just showed up on their new brand for no reason or introduction #raw 
or the rewards cards & coupons ...every single time 
ignore the liars. typical democratic spin. you can tell just how desperate their getting. who cares if he did or didn’t. he’s a lawyer and a damn good one. … 
me: he's a doctor or scientist or something. @ ali_hinchcliffe: well you do have a type. 
you say you can write but you can't read or do math? 1 you can't get an id when your 10 or younger 2 it clearly says march 11 2002 meaning i'm clearly 16 assuming someones childish makes you a child 
hope he moves back to kenya or takes a few flights on some russian airlines 
i hate when @ keithtpowers post a tweet and i click on the notfication and it say “tweet deleted” because he forgot to put a comma or something!!!!! thats still my baby though. 
one day we're lovers, next day we're friends don't know where it begins or it ends 
so i'm just going to assume that it's never going to be spring or summer. and this is how life's going to be until the human race dies.. and i'm giving myself anxiety. 
if you don’t think i made a point, it’s because you’re just not interested. you seem more intent on discounting or disregarding the original poster than in exchanging ideas. 
28 u.s. code § 455 - disqualification of justice, judge, or magistrate judge … 
if for some unknown reason miz cracker doesn't win season 10 and goes back for all stars her entrance line better be "okay its time for seconds" or else i am going to lose my entire mind 
can't go to my (non mortgaged) house in ireland, or dubai for a good year... #fuckprobation 
....or if you are hannity, ask cohn for legal advice....it's free 
“unearthed”? or was fed (leaked) info by the american stasi cabal. sick 
groups and movements are often more porous than they are presented. does the "a" stand for ace/asexuality or isn't that subgroup sometimes excluded? there's not even an "a" in the four letter version. 
the sun is shining. house is relatively clean. belly is full. dogs have been worn out. no kids. so i'm going to treat myself to an adult drink or 3, whichever. and binge watch some @ cw_spn ... why? because i'm an adult dammit! #noapologies #monday #longweek 
nigeria we r in trouble as those who went/go to school have no brain to differentiate what is right and what is wrong. how can a person that doesn't even know his fundamental rights to protect against someone or how can a person that choose to live in humiliation can have sense? 
if i pay for dinner, i’m not sucking dick or participating. imma just lay there. 
“at the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. you will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child or a parent.” #barbarabush 
i didn’t mind bf1’s campaign. even though it was more or less a tutorial for mp, it had some really cool moment. 
willy wonka slots freebies: collect 400,000 or more mobile friendly free credits n02 here! [apr 17] 
please california has more dead ppl voting then there are in hell . and ny, nj voters w/homes and/or businesses in florida & vice versa (mailing in absentee ballets) everyone knows (unless you live under a rock) been going for yrs 
crazy how 15 years from now it might be ur wedding or ur kids birthday but rn it's just a regular shitty day 
i have a business thingy at 2 or 3 my time so i'm ultra excited to see it come out today at 1cst. 
two months ago, a pro-trump facebook group posted my photo and asked its 72,000 members if they would "smash or pass." … via @ huffpostbiz 
following up on this tweet. 1. why would hannity choose cohen with all the nyc lawyers who are experienced in sophisticated real estate deals? 2. when did hannity choose cohen? when cohen worked for the trump organization or was an attorney who represented trump? did hannity call 
am here should u need any support or somebody 
please tell us your name, your school and/or school district, and how are you celebrating school library month. #mnitem 
hmmm.. just a theory but maybe (idk, maybe ..i’m legit not sure) by letting hip hop fizzle out completely. after everyone looks & sounds the same then hip hop will look refreshing thus regaining its appeal. or modernize battle rap to force a ride of passage, creating a filter 
i present at standard tomorrow i’m not nervous or anything i just don’t want to present. 
i just want to go home and like, write until i pass out tbh. i'm so tired of work. i'm so tired of all the things i have to do to live. i just want to write until every single first draft i never started because i was too tired or busy or scared to exists. 
i won the how do i fight like a pro? achievement in dead or alive 5 last round for 20 #trueachievement … 
if someone else's beliefs or way of thinking differ from yours, at least be an empath, for it is not and will never be a reason to disrespect anyone. cultures, society, the world and humans themselves are diverse in nature. 
i desperately want to watch you hurt your balls on skype or kik dm me #cbt #sph #findom @ rtfindom @ underdeskloser @ rtcunt @ rtmutt @ dirkhooper @ rtp1g @ rtfucker 
whatcha think hot or not #byanymeansnecessary #luekrative 
interesting read, i like how the church stance or attitude on sexual discussion or abuse is “to keep it in the family” i think that’s how they got to this point of view in the first place. was raised that i was going to hell if i did this or that, not how it works. 
tbh i'd prolly fit. please don't forget i'm around. if you get upset or bored, message me. i love you moreeeeeeeee thank you for existing. 
it would a “relief” pick for me. like phew, thank god it is not...moore, harrison, te, dt or a lb 
i liked a @ youtube video the fugees - ready or not 
“suspicious, or just a man of color sitting in his car?” same thing. 
you forgot roseburg, or. umpqua community college, oct 1, 2015. 
season or vacay? 
i did something & now am currently waiting for kass to get home to see if i’m either going to get yelled at or praised... stay tuned 
the fans in the old photo always look so well dressed. was there a turning point when they started dressing more casual or to be more blunt, sloppily? 
and what's the death of one more ordinary british citizen compared to the possibility of a seat in the house of lords, or a high profile sinecure? 
chrome will allow autoplay if the content is muted or if the user has clicked on the site or previously shown interest in media on it 
"you just don't luck into things as much as you'd like to think you do. you build step by step, whether it's friendships or opportunities." -barbara bush 
we can have messi for another 5 or 6 years if he gets in the xavi role..for that another good forward is needed 
#nowplaying 2pm - heartbeat -japanese ver.-(ao no exorcist) #tunein or #appstore power 945 
connect your website or process online through your personal virtual terminal. additional technology and digital invoicing available. for information click or call 866-245-8242 
nobody or nation can wipe away d name of israel from d face of d earth.the lord is his defence against hostile neighbours! … 
sonic adventure 2 good or bad game — flawed but still good … 
logic would dictate, z, that you're either saying "fuck yourself" or excluding yourself as working class. 
my coworker is always falling or tripping over something and i literally lose my shit every timei can’t with this clumsy girl 
have you ever tried couscous or quinoa 
made it through my second spin class! can’t decide if gary blanck really likes me or is trying to kill me! lol! — feeling energized at progress fitness … 
challenge me to a fight no matter how bleak the prospect? i hardly mind squash matches, but i thrill at the opportunity someone with real courage squares up between my toes. that, or just kissing my feet. :b 
2018 #booktomovie releases - read the book before you see the movie! or, be contrary - watch the movie then read the book. give them a go these holidays #thebookisalwaysbetter #librarianbias 
ppl asking me to give either a photograph of me or a self portrait 
if you celebrate 420 on 4/20 don't forget we have our version of healthy grass! you can have a shot or one of our famous grass smoothies the "green genie" !! 
my 2 are hug-a-bugs tooone or both are always on me, giving & getting kisses, snuggling up constant unconditional love 
that is a lot of really dark tribal tattoos! are they really his or for a role. i think he looks a little to thin. oh i want to see "demon" it looks good. 
he won’t fire rosenstein or mueller neither according to rosenstein is he target in any investigation 
not a wow its amazing or good just enjoyable tgat soubds like the show you watch when nothing else is on 
am i the only one who would like to know what is going to happen when either pat or vanna retire and/or die? #wheeloffortune #gameshow 
can someone pleeeeease take me on a date. preferably to a museum or art gallery?!? 
lol... no. you have no idea who or what i am. you call those with whom you disagree "bigots..." 
treat people with respect, or don’t come out of the house. 
i thought my guess would have been closer but i was waaay off. i hope the chick from ucf or the guy from tufts wins it. 
or you know take back the franchise and put them back on nintendo consoles that would be great 
the trashy & fear mongering comments that comes out of your mouth, or from your fingers, are so ridiculous. the border patrol is doing an excellent job. they are the professionals, the national guard are not. 
bf just said, “so if you buy all the makeup in the collection, does that unlock a secret door at sephora or something?” 
it's always the way. someone says something and then someone gives the information but no more likes or comments come because they really didn't want the information they just want to put down the people. 
no matter what i would let harvey go 6 or 7 today especially if mets are down big soon 
riley eisenberg’s pitching form is best defined as unique. but also strangely effective and nearly impossible to time and barrel up. highland now has 3 outs to find 3 or 4 runs to keep outright ccc title hopes alive 
i just had an idea. would this be option one or two or a different price? alec with his hands up to box or hit the punching bag but we’re looking at him straight on? that could be cool. 
its a big departure in some ways, but had a lot of great additions or modifications to make it motion control friendly. idk man ppl overlook it a lot 
can i be honest, if he is just going to drop passes after some contact or get intercepted by some shorter guy 8 times outta 10 then it’s not gonna make much of a difference. i’d rather have some tuning updates or changes to gameplay. why aren’t we getting that? seriously though 
so instead of making video about the pokemon trademark or a labo video like i should have, i made a video about smash bros! and in a way that might piss some people off...enjoy! #supersmashbrosswitch #smashbros #smashbrosswitch 
i'll retweet to see if any of my followers live in or near dallas … 
also you should probably mute me unless you want spoilers or me be annoying as hell on your tl for the next couple of hours 
i understand walter's eq isn't the best, but omfgggg i hate everyone on this fucking show. (paige is allowed to be upset so for her she's not in this bubble) everyone else can go choke. no loyalty or understanding. #scorpioncbs they annoy me so much 
he said he’s going to visit texas now because of me...and he also said i looked 15...what is going on lmao. he also called me ‘not skinny’ which idk if that’s a compliment or not but i’m a whole ass skinny legend... 
wisdom teeth removal surgery update: currently experiencing a major allergic reaction to either a. an antibiotic i took 5 hours ago or b. a protein shake i've never had before and drank only because the doctor told me to drink them since i can't eat hard foods right now. 
a person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is 
it was that or this uwu 
rummage sales, in the far dark corner of the school basement – if there is one or a storage room that has been long forgotten! oh ... maybe clean out your own basement or attic? :-) #stucentclass 
new bikini arrivals link in bio for more info or click on product tag 15% off purchase,… 
incumbent is not unelected. in britain the people are not allowed to vote for the upper house or the head of state and our constitution is unwritten!! you guys don't know how lucky you are. god bless america, liberty, and freedom. 
realit is what the mind makes of it. so would you rather believe the life you can see or the life you think is behind the curtain? 
i’ll eventually use them or give them to my sil or something “hey i noticed you’re... petite... i assumed that your ear canals are similarly dainty. here! ignore that like 10 pairs are missing” 
well there’s different dates but the one i can go to is in toronto on july 3rd. i’ll forewarn you that got7 is a kpop group so idk if that’ll turn you away or not 
lost the original source. it was described has having 1,126 responders, either from facebook or twitter or both. sounds shady, coz such methodology can easily be manipulated. 
#signsyoureinmyhometown 2 corinthians 12:10”yes, i am glad to be weak or insulted or mistreated or to have troubles and sufferings, if it is for christ. because when i am weak, i am strong.” @ holybibletoday @ potus @ vp @ flotus @ … 
seriously? ryan is as #crooked as #hillary or worse. he covered up for her! #lockhimup @ realdonaldtrump please take action against the dems 
can’t have a conversation with someone new without either my height or bird coming up 
@ highwaysengland you have closed m621 for new barriers what about new tarmac the pot holes are dangerous, or are the new barriers there incase you hit one and head into them. 
i was on the vinesauce twitch team im sure it's just a bug or something?????????? 
don’t really care. it’s part of the job. like when cops complain that pesky constitution makes their jobs more difficult. we’ll have to agree to disagree. other than outing agents in the field or directly putting troops in jeopardy, i don’t think anything needs to be classified. 
apologize or take responsibility for your action...you don’t deserve any exo members … 
18 days until exams and i crying because i eh start caribbean or envi but i relaxing rock back eating gyro watching tv. i does look for my shit. 
when you are waist deep in political bias, everyone not on your side looks like an extremist to you. or to put it another way, "when all you have is a sickle and hammer..." 
everyone comes through or to nc, yet no one thinks to stop by... 
i haven't feel happy in my life for 3 years: ") or 5 years i guess 
there’s the expected late start... sticking with my guns here, not “safe” or “risk free”, but i do think they should play approx 2 hours after scheduled 1st pitch. … …: there’s the expected late start... sticking with my guns here,… 
i turn the tv on, not one hero in sight. unless he dribble or he fiddle with mics 
is he the cutest or what 
dont get her mad or she will force you to have a baby with her 
come spring this team always gives up, no matter the coach, player or even the fucking management 
ica - a survey about preference for photos - robyn leboeuf - $0.30/minute or less - (none) 
far-left ? jimmy isn't far left , far right or far anything , he is far from dishonest , something you might want to try . 
what y'all think of that new j cole? or 
nice. now we just have to figure out how to spit them back out. or guess your next card. 
@ undisputed the saddest part of this nba finals is not the cavaliers going down 2 games eventually it is going to happen lebron doesn't always have a super star next to him kevin love is hit-or-miss same with jr and everyone else. it's the spurs being blown out every game 
"right" as in correct...or "right" as a political position.your business, just looking for clarity. 
guys we need a win...and not just a win but like a assured win...one with no ifs, buts or maybes... 
that's like 75% of what dbt boils down to ultimately lol 
#blackadderbot do i tell people that your brother harry is scared of spoons, or that your father has very small private parts? 
physicists' tests tell when something is a particle or a wave but nothing can be both yet light is sometimes a wave sometimes a stream of particles instantly accelerating to speed of light which is #impossible as it would take 'infinite energy' and take time. but now we know 
it's kinda funny/sad that there's a generation of journalists that feel it's normal to be booed, threatened or worse at a speech. 
medical student shree bose adds 3d to her presentations with windows 10 #bluechiptt #windows want to learn more? call us at (868) 653-2809 or send an email to 
woody allen for much serious accusations-that is just cynical hypocrisy and nothing else. however hindus do believe in indeed that no one can be entirely devoid of truth or divinity; no one is pure evil, there is no one who can live while lying all the 100% of the time (at + 
why do you say? i’m not sure what area... either close to portland or off the grid, close to french canada. 
yes but i have no resources for the last two acts of the play so i have no idea what the fuck is going on or what quotes to use - i might ask my teacher to give me some tomorrow but she’ll beat me up so bad for not asking sooner 
so, based on your lifetime of experience, you feel that having civilians carrying ar15’s is more or less safe than not having civilians carrying ar15’s? please try to be honest. 
or maybe those are the pay offs i don’t know. ‘western-styled schooling’ as a perquisite for entry into a corrupt class of thieving elites lol. 
oh for fucks sake! now you can't even answer a question without having to issue an apology because some don't like trump? so what!! and before that people didn't like bill clinton and pres obama!! just because we disagree/agree on policy doesn't make anyone a racist or bigot!! 
also, straws end up in our oceans, causing harm or even death to many marine animals. if that doesn’t convince you to give them up then idk what will. you can also buy reusable 
more what a tanker! at club ...and the question this week is which gun does the lee shoot? hull or turret? 
like, i wouldn't be able to function without my vyvanse, but i have to be very careful how i take it (always eat beforehand, never take more than 40mg per day, never skip a day or else i get crashing migraines for days after re-starting). and modafinil & ritalin were awful. 
"the world's rivers are all backed up, leaving fish with no place to go just keep swimming...", by dan robitzski, … ..."there is a dam or other manmade obstruction blocking the continent's rivers and streams every kilometer. " 
to all of @ bts_army if you are shopping for your 1st car or a new car please consider purchasing a @ hyundai_global @ hyundai. they have been supporting the cause against pediatric cancer. every time a hyundai vehicle is purchased, hyundai and its u.s. dealers make a donation to 
i wish people would understand that when you're depressed you can't just stop a "bad mood" or "just be happy". 
she looks like a vampire and melania or ivanka couldn’t hold a candle to michelle obama. 
fuck every last one of y’all who liked or retweeted but didn’t hmu. it was a beautiful day for ice cream 
connect your website or process online through your personal virtual terminal. no contracts no fees and a free terminal. additional technology and digital invoicing available. for more information click or call 866-245-8242 
there is ob n service in the tunnel, looks like there was either switchbacks or route changes made. nextbus indicates that next ob n will be at embarcadero in 12 minutes. 
the reason why i can’t wait to become something better than anyone who doubted or hated on me, just to flex on them 
amazing burgers and friendly staff. best onglet steak in st albans (while you did them)! such a shame you don’t them any more. cote brasserie could learn a thing or two 
who’s in on this wod with me this weekend in honor of danny dietz?? post your time or that you… 
going live! hurry over! or multistreaming 
ask anything and everything you wanna know! im an open book(or at least one with a relatively easy to open cover) <3 
it’s time to ban all vehicles, everywhere. they are used in terrorist attacks, and they are involved in thousands of deaths yearly due to drunk, inattentive, or careless drivers. … 
fellas, what’s the protocol if you see a man in the gym embarrassingly misusing a machine or apparatus. assuming you don’t want to be a d*ck & record it on your camera phone. **bonus** what if he’s clearly foreign born? 
there's something about a good challenge or that curiosity of knowing someone's true colors that puts you on edge. thrillist. 
alicia fox isn't on either, but i don't know if she's still injured or not. … 
if any of y’all see me with an alcohol or a carb in my hands this week plz punch me immediately 
depends on ur financial institution and if your actually vist a branch or do banking online...worst case scenario...never underestimate the power of tears!!!! lol...its amazing what they can do 
in many cases,abuse is hard to prove,especially in terms of emotional abuse. i had an ex that would gaslight me,cheat on me,abuse me mentally and emotionally, but since most of these things happened either face to face or by voice chat, i couldn't spend all my time recording him. 
@ spirit_4jesus hey tam!!! missy leatherwood here. i was wondering if you could do a video on the meaning of"seek & you shall find"? is it only referring to jesus & salvation or is it..... whatever you seek you shall find? ie: reading too much into things? make sense? 
i’m tryna do something dumb lol and you my ride or die so wassup? 
i need a beer...or 20 
first step is screenshots asap in case they or facebook take it down without it being properly reported. 
common practice of the left: flip the facts. what they are doing or have done, they accuse the innocent of doing. … 
can not wait for this weekend, gonna be an aunt and my best friend is getting ready to come hang out for a day or two 
i in no way shape or form believe what he did was acceptable, but why feel guilty, and put yourself down for being partially white? we’re assigned our skin color/race the second we’re born. all these “white shaming” posts iv been seeing are just adding to the problem. 
win or go home … 
if he had his way safaree and drake would've been hurt or dead. ppl forgot all the mess he was doing 
sign up for luno and get ngn 100.00 worth of bitcoin when you buy or sell ngn 5,000.00 (exchange excluded), using 
meek getting out moved the line 4pts or am i trippin?!? lol 
#explainmyhandle this page is literally a duplicate of my main account that got locked, succ machine 6.0. that name comes from an .io game that i played a year or two ago. 
#nowplaying " w. h. lung - want " on or #noshitmusic | #internetradio #d1radio 
ohh... i thought that was a tip for being cool. that was for a ticket? aka.. dm me your address and i’ll mail it.. or if you we can plot a meet up time. 
is that her? i barely recognize her. i'm seriously shocked...not trying to be a twitter asshole. is she on prednisone or something? 
@ randpaul ronny jackson will be appointed. here's how: repubs all vote yes except rand paul who will cry b4 the cameras for a couple of days. trump calls, gets him in line & a few stupid dems vote yes or present. done. new va boss 
if the judge has a toddler or baby in their family and that baby gets sick; will that baby be sentenced to death? let’s hope we don’t have to find out. #ukjudgesarechildkillers!!! 
unlike any #tradeshow or #conference i have ever been a part of... #arctank #acmpr. honoured to be alongside amazing canna peeps. @ _deepakanand @ mgarbuz @ mgorenst @ timeonproject @ arcviewgroup and so many others. @ lolalolalive … 
or you could make the argument that things haven't changed in 8 years. 
or i dead ass roll it up into a ball. idgafff shots good as fuck! 
standing in first row or in the last does "increase" prestige of a slave .. lol you will remain slave whatever line u stand in ... may be more loyal in line behind master and less in last row ... 
do y’all like not take girls on dates anymore? or 
not to say the movie is bad or anything (it’s a 90% on rotten tomatoes) but i want to go in with my own expectations intact. 
i thought i wanted to be a software engineer or a history professor. a few months after working at the plainsman, i realized journalism was what i wanted to do with my life. 
everything is better with polka dots! follow me on the app or click the link in… 
no but like what is the flavor difference between a lemon muffin or a lemon poppyseed is my point. 
how do you stay so cool. i'm such a uncool person always worrying always scared and anxious cramping up i'm not used to having fun or letting go 
remember when people were rioting and protesting in baltimore over freddie gray and obama called them “criminals and thugs”? or did y’all just conveniently forget that? 
either you don't know that dragons aren't real or don't know what a cyborg is either way let your workers unionize and pay them appropriately. … 
just thought to myself “ i could never be a hairstylist for the fear of making someone look bad” but here i am studying to be a nurse where it’s life or death 
somebody call or ft me at work i’m bored asf 
hillary can maybe take the tax deduction of losses on her clinton foundation/initiative taxes?? oh, wait there is no way that would or could ever happen, right? their 990 returns would prove that right? lookee lookee! 
power nap before the gym or na 
nationwide protests planned if president trump moves against mueller or rosenstein via @ tdonline 
we don’t specialize in majors it’s open for everyone with a 3.0 gpa or higher 
… sex while travelling<p>i always love to sleep naked, anytime in the day or night. i feel very much relaxed when i bathe and sleep nude without clothes.</p> 
this photo makes me happy :):) if you want to get yourself or someone you love a t-shirt like this, comment below with your size and color preference. i have a couple sweatshirts left as well. … 
#cosbyretrial jury is listening to previous testimony. once they’re done, we’re waiting to see if they will continue deliberating tonight or come back tomorrow. i’m live at 10 with the latest. @ 69news 
in real life, people tend to think of me as intelligent or smart, but they don't see the hours i spend every day studying and trying to learn... and they most certainly don't watch my stream where i do stupid stuff all the time! 
he hasn't called or said anything about the so-called hero because the shooter was a white man 
there’s some people that never call you right back when they said they would... like just say your busy or don’t pick up 
i'm sad which means i'm going to abuse food or sex 
do you view other fitness influencers as your peers or your competition? 
baker or barkley. no one else. #broncos #nfldraft 
hi wayne johan from way back+the bailout anyhow is mmt the current govt policy … or is money strill created via fed buying govt securities to underpin its chequeing account credit for the bankers running the fed/who resisted/denied u creating a new dev bank 
i’m glad they caught the guy but if they did this in an illegal or unethical way that is open to challenge then they fucked up the case . 
law enforcement found a murderer by uploading dna samples to a genealogy website (or perhaps more than one), since his relatives had previously uploaded their own dna. incredible. … 
patronage cheques are in the mail! members can access their account information, including patronage and equity, online through . select account to access or register for myufa. 
riley nash or bozak would fit that mold. 
sorry for the late reply, my dad pulled me away to do some chores if you told them do you think you'll have a positive or negative response? 
or he is stirring the waters to catch fish. a wise old man once told me. if you can’t say something in a language most people will understand, why say it at all. 
or that. 
getting off twitter until after the giants pick. rosen or barkley @ giants 
*huge announcement* new genygolf victoria partner moonah links golf club all genygolf members now get 10 free rounds including a round on either the open or legends course at this magnificent golf mecca on the mornington penninsula!!!! 
size 10 maroon new balances only $5.99! to hold or purchase an item, please call us at… 
my friend just because the fandom is bad doesn't mean the show or is that just a thing here in indiana 
literally the only thing i know about kanye west is that he did that gold digger song why do so many people idolize this guy or care what he says? 
what will the @ clevelandbrowns do with their first pick? will they go with @ joshallenqb or will his recent hs tweets cause his stock to slide? #gowyo #nfldraft 
same!!! i don’t know whether to laugh or cry 
@ vocmopenline re: lib harassment. i'm going to go out on a limb and say some of these mhas have either received little useful communication direction or have blatantly chose to ignore it. jesus in the garden. #nlpoli 
salah wins ballon'd'or 
hey @ bradcolbow would the artisul d13 or d16 work on a surface pro one? 
feeling truly lucky to be able to say that i love what i do. i can’t imagine picking a better or more rewarding career 
i am a tiny blonde girl, but i am trying to spread more love and have less patience for people who tweet at me or dm me and ask me to retweet their pinned tweet. i got 27 such requests today...if you want me to write about? i almost never take requests, so now is 
i called him crying so hard & he said some dumb shit, i don’t know if i was crying or laughing at that point 
i dont really understand why ppl get upset about players not extending their contracts immediately when the club wants them to. so often its the other way around or clubs just ship off players with contracts. emre has every right to “wait it out” & see what his best options are. 
to stay awake to watch life sentence live or to get some sleep is my struggle every week 
you’re agreeing that jesus is a construct? or are you defending the masses in their ignorance? 
whos better 95 line or 97 line? 
19 years ago today, ruff ryders ‘ryde or die vol.1’ was released featuring the tracks ‘what ya want’, ‘jigga my n*gga’, and ‘down bottom’. 
like this realllllllyyy butch girl just had nails. are you a man or woman? 
do you really support trump or is this more about the principal of power law 6: court attention at all cost? 
do you guys stare at the download screen until it finishes? or is that just me? #melrose… 
they were brought as minors with their parents and have grown up in this country. many didn't even know they were undocumented until they were graduating hs or looking for work for the first time. 
rise of the super commuter in #california. #sanjoaquincounty now leads the nation in its share of #commuters who spend 90 mins or more getting to work. and if you are reading this tweet on your drive home, please put down your phone! @ marisakendall 
#free #kindle #greatreads #ebook detox your mind: the effective 3 steps checklists. last day for free download 27 april 2018. don't miss this!!! are you overthinking ? fighting with anxiety? unable to fall asleep ? or keeps worrying about life? -- 
hey, i'm running for washoe county assessor. will appreciate your support in whatever fashion best suits you. for more information about the race, to donate or volunteer, go to thanks! 
more from the trail... a six mile round trip with about 1,600 feet or so in elevation gain! @… 
no one is a decent person if they push immoral things on you. hypocrisy is at an all time high. if you have to deceive people to gain power or to be heard, sit back down in your place where you belong. 
hey! i'm going to take just one minute of your time. if you happened to have a picture or video of you and i together, pleaseee send them to me via dm. its for a very important project! thank youuu 
which part of the constitution told roy moore to diddle children? which part of the constitution told paul ryan to try and kick millions off healthcare? which part of the constitution told trump to bomb syria without congressional approval or to try and ban muslims? 
equipment failure or actual finish guess we'll have to wait until monday to see what happened with the cage. #raw 
trump claims he wants to help dreamers time to put up or shut up 
things i promise i won’t do when im drunk at formal trying to have a good time: 1. check my email to see if my organic chemistry prof has finally responded to say whether or not she’ll round my 89.6 to a 90 2. coke 
what does “at times” mean? just certain dentists, or certain procedures? not attacking, just genuinely curious on the wording there. 
i think, if they make 5-4-1 block and 5-10 meter deeper, it would be hard to find space. tedesco(schalke @ s04) or kovac (frankfurt @ eintracht) show it already in … 
i think we're going to pick 1 or 2 so i'll narrow it to dahlin and svetch 
trump supporter said that they want peace nobel giving to trump as he succeed created two korean signed peace treaty can sweden make it happen? you don't know this peace treaty things are politics or military strategy created by both country 
ehh i really don't know thb.. i think it has something to do with copyright issues or something 
baseball is a game and you have to enjoy it. i see too many players who look like they are miserable on the field. i don’t care what age or what level, players that love to play the game are the best. … 
a lot of obama’s publicity was about him being born in kenya. it should trouble everybody, regardless of political affiliation, that many of the documents in his past are missing or sealed. but, parties only care about their party. gwashington penned it well in his farewell. 
#mh370 pilot z's call sign on youtube was "pbycatalina" - a flying boat - a seaplane - an aircraft designed to land on .. wait for it .. water. if he successfully landed his b777 in the ocean without breaking apart, it could have floated for hours or even days before sinking .. 
if you don't like must die or tsuki no shihai or broly's theme (god i wish dbfz had music titles) and reason it's cause you don't like the hammy heavy metal vocals that's fine but if you leave it at "it's shit" then you need to improve ya stance 
a huge backlog of miiverse so i can do it or anyuthing but do you guys know which stores are carrying the xy generations packs already 
why do i see myself on jin if ever i get any close contact from jimin?... lmao at this poiny, this is literally how i feel whenever i see jimin pics or videos (ofcourse with few... "yaaaa!" and fists clenching, agonizing noises here and there...) … 
i just can’t wrap my head around how people can cheat on someone...if you lose interest or find someone new just break up with them it’s not that hard 
i get along fine with some of the people in my fam...seeing them like....on christmas...and the rest of the fam...haven't seen them in 5 or 6 years. 
tiny step sister truth or dare … 
enter for your chance to win 1 of 3 $75 joe fresh gift cards or a grand prize $250 joe fresh gift card thanks to @ joefresh! #canwin #rewritetherules 
gonna have to disagree with you on that one nate. unless they challenge you, present ideas, wing man for you, or offer you value (other than sex) having a girl friend is a waste of time. … 
it doesn’t matter that it was a terminated employee or not. this has obviously been going on for several years which is a health hazard. cooks should be servsafe certified and know the potential health hazards this can cause and has caused. 
did he address the water in flint @ flintleadwater or just the usual hate speech and metrics, pathognomonic for extreme feelings of inadequacy? i expect he is so undone by @ michelleisawolf and her wealth jokes, that trumpf sends her his tax return. 
currently i’m living for her low pony or the long pony braid from the ntltc mv. … 
i ain’t 21, but i became cool w/ the owner of a store...now i get to buy liquor or beer w/o my id 
or when she's old enough let her decide if she wants to be vegan or not, either way 
i can literally be doing nothing but tell you i’m busy to avoid being otp or facetime 
was going to ask if you had ever visited (or were going to vist) međugorje. it's quite amazing that it is technically in bosnia, yet is regarded as croatian, because it's a catholic shrine. 
what about camouflaging between either bushes or crystals? 
all revelations, whether of mechanical or intellectual or moral science, are made not to communities, but to single persons. “the creative personality is always one that looks on the world as fit for change and on himself as an instrument for change" … 
never apologize with leftist extremist sociopaths like him or any other extremists. they'll continue to bully you because they think they gained power on you. you're a wonderful & certainly brilliant young woman who did nothing wrong. you're brave against all this hate. be proud! 
#htlwwgroup yay kids are back at school today. no more outings that result in stopping for a drink or ice-cream, no more fish n chips at the beach, no more unplanned shopping trips. was easier than i thought ordering a black coffee and salad, than a can of coke and crap 
why is there tinder for friends yet. like i want to make friends but not like of tinder or pof because then i’ll end up with all guy friends that just want to get laid ya know? 
david and other shepherds used slingshots and rocks. c. 1000bc that was a gun. muslims still use slingshots against the idf. today you can use a slingshot but you can also use a pistol or a rifle thanks to our second amendment to stop bad guys from harming you. 
actually saving the patient or growing the limb back without the surgeon is asking too much, according to you. your god is weak and puny - just as if they didn't exist. 
if you feel the need to constantly talk about others, or just be so damn negative in general, then something is wrong and all i can say is bless your hearts. 
no one gives a rat's ass about what you have to say or think. 
gambit is logan but without that absolute moral conpass - berserker rage or not 
i’m fucking tired of so many famous people being problematic i don’t know if i should unstan or just become a rock to stop suffering this much 
i noticed my sister peeled sam’s carrot. that is going a bit far. peeled or unpeeled? 
a very interesting thread, thanks. i personally don't think i'd ever cope with pairing. i can't deal having to code or think with others present. complete stage fright. having someone work on a problem with me literally prevents me from thinking... only way i can describe it. 
to me, he didn't feel like he was his own hero. the way he was trying to get with tony or maybe im trippin tbh … 
cada vez que aparece una publicidad en instagram - report ad - it’s scam or it’s misleading sumate a esta campaña 
or never bc u deserve better !!!!! 
rt @ justpublishing how to format an ebook for smashwords or kindle … advice for #amwriting #indieauthor #amwriting 
as great as they looked in the first 12 minutes or so, it feels like the lightning missed a huge chance to build off of that 5-on-3 pk. 
q: was what he did right or wrong? father of aborted baby gets probation for what he left at abortion clinic after it killed his child … … @ kinthenorthwest 
never wanted to be where everybody be or do what everybody doing 
would he have picked a rich noble family like the malfoys or a family more like the weasleys? 
why am i never posted #vinesauce streamer, do you automatically become attractive, or does vinny only leave you a tiny corner of the blanket 
i like to be alone a lot of the time because i feel like i don’t fit it and/or i don’t belong 
that's what i found too ... so i wrote my own self-help book. all the others i found were works-oriented, or didn't address abuse as a whole multifaceted strategy of sin. instead, they focused topically on "domestic violence" or "rape." they did not recognize abuse as a pattern. 
we got cut off, but we got right back on! join the conversation at (646) 668-8393 or listen in here! 
also...i think i need to pick up some donuts for tmrw night’s @ masterchefcda episode...thinking either from @ sanremobakeryto or @ gholedoughnuts! #donutaddict #masterchefcanada 
of that list it’s kyrie or simmons easy … 
i’ll respond to that argument if you clarify a little for me. is that 22% worldwide? or just in the u.s.? and what’s your source? thanks. 
they are pretty clear - if in doubt dont collect or share it. … is a very good starting summary. 
@ annabellelee119 nice! are you from the area or just visiting? 
rightttt, did grady judd ban birth control or something? 
can we please reunite at wings or mx or something like i’m like ty 
i have a cholesterol problem but i love a bacon an egg butty sometimes as a treat with a good dollop of dare i say brown sauce there i’ve said it , sorry have to go 10 big guys with riot gear banging on the door obviously missed their breakfast , smoked or unsmoked guys 
talk can be racist. racist talk fuels actions. or is your premise using the n word isn’t racist? classifying an entire race or religion isn’t? what number are we on now for the muslim ban? did you not read up on carsons actions? 
anyone with sleep paralysis: when you have an episode does it feel like something is weighing you down, or does it feel like you’re just laying down but immobile? 
understanding the law requires 2 things...reading and or believing what someone is told by an officer of the court ( lawyer) who knows and understands the statutes. his moronship trump does neither. 
not sure if i need weed, alcohol, backaz or a handle on my life and studies 
and i'm not saying it's that there's anything wrong with those books; i'm saying that in a given year (when i'm not having tons of mental health aggro at any rate), i read 50-ish books. only one or so of those can be vampire sexytimes or dudes with swords 
how cancelled is kanye? is her cancelled until the album and tour dates drops? or is it fuck him, he ain black no more, he’s officially died? 
or send music? i got some … 
y'know, i get the point kanye is trying to make. i'm not saying i agree or disagree, just that i understand what he's trying to say. shitty ass delivery though. 
time to decorate your mantel or bar? see what we have that’s new! … 
love live: - cute girls - it's a rhythm game, tbh i'm kinda surprised i havent jumped on it - is that where the nico nico nii girl comes from or am i mixing up animes again - feh syndrome where your faves never come home 
wow this is the moment that hey dont blink or you will be lost #fakeloveiscoming 
anyway here's hoping they get tired of walking and/or lost because 90% of them are from out of town 
why should i care if my opinion on a film is "offensive to others"? what's more offensive, my honesty or people trying to force me to like a series of bad movies? that's offensive to me. 
i don’t care if you go to university or community college. college is so freaking hard! 
get told by every uber driver that 100+ people move to nashville every day and they miss how it used to be. actually, whether or not that's your idea of "fun," it'll happen to you anyway. 
who the hell died and made you god to determine what kind of treatment would or would not work. go spew your superior attitude with someone who cares about anything you say, it certainly isn’t me. 
does anyone else look at their wrist and check a fake watch when trying to be sarcastic about time or is that just me? 
an angel, the devil, and a witch walked into a bar. the start to a bad joke or an awesome scene of supernatural? … 
or do you just not remember shit about it and @ kconover and i are the only ones obsessed with … 
you have his number or anything? 
ocare = disaster, because it tries to be half market/while subsidizes the other half. it doesn’t work. you need to go all one or the other. what i’m sayin isn’t ocare. it’s full gov. what i’m proposing is med for all being one option of many. aetna, cigna, bcbs, medicare, etc 1/2 
can your mom make these at our grad party or what 
because hrc was fully qualified to do the job. the imp you voted for has no qualifications whatsoever - either in business, politics, or relationships. he “succeeded” through nepotism, and lied his way to the top, even posing as other people to defraud and convince. 
if god came down and was like "look bitch, you can either have your dream man or your dream job, but not both" i'd pick the job every time. 
sacramento energetically rebuilt itself after each disastrous fire or flood. #amwriting #nonfiction 
everytime i hear if i could fly or just like randomly sing it, i burst into tears bc wtffff harry sang that song like 3 meters away from me and he smiled at me when he saw me crying and singing why is he like that im still so ughhhh 
or maybe it’s just a good day ;) 
my internal monologue is either an endless string of calculations, or maniacal laughter. there is no in-between. 
can i just copy and paste or whatttt?? 
please just turn roman heel. even if it's only for like 12 weeks or something. nobody honestly cares now and live crowds are just going to shit all over him from now until he dies if he isn't moved in a different direction. 
now a day you can’t do that or it’s reallllly rare … 
liberals are going to freak! if this catches on our citizens birth rates might become sustainable, or better! … 
marsha ambrosius - luh ya: #nowplaying on - @ marshaambrosius listen now! | download our mobile app or listen on the tunein app! 
good thing for you the celtics game is about to start. you can switch from the jv team to the varsity. watch the better sport. you know you want to. or watch capt america on usa. steve is going through basic training right now. 
i can see ya now poking your head outside his lamborghini or the porsche “ioweuzip” 
2> "kunst" goes back 2indoeur roots (see greek: words around "gnostic"). maybe "cunning", "cognoscenti" (both related) are droll too - but most get over it by using it, don't just hear it as alien. or "control", "country", "content", "con trick"... how often can one giggle? ;) 
i don't think most mexicans give 2 sh*ts about you eating tacos, drinking tequila, or wearing a sombrero on the 5th of may. 
lie, or tell the truth, the choice is not difficult. 
i just voted for #standwithfans on @ thetylt. share this and tylt the conversation. … or rt◢ 
when you named one of your child characters stacey and you find yourself going out of your way to not use the phrase "stacey's mom." she's jaxlynn, jax or mrs. connelly. #amwriting 
it is why many don’t vote & why candidates don’t campaign in places they know they won’t win, or only go there for big donors. 
or jas it wasn’t like that 
twitter is advising all 330 million users to change their passwords after a bug exposed them in plain text. there’s apparently no evidence of any breach or misuse, but you should change your password anyway. … 
is your dream home unicorn shaped? includes doors made of donuts frosting? or possibly a cage for your pet crocodile? these kids are dreaming big. are your home ownership dreams big? contact us at 909-373-0880 … 
mmm. i feel like making a chan or felix layout 
defined by oxford - excellence is "the quality of being outstanding or extremely good." a fitting definition! congratulations on this very well deserved recognition! 
i’m an accuracy queen- it’s either full glam or bare face if i can’t frost it to perfection i don’t deserve the cake 
reporters in that room have to hold press secretary accountable. if sarah doesn’t answer the question keep asking the same question. ask her is that the truth or is that a lie. stop letting her spin the bs. the public deserves the truth. … 
its more mattefying tbh. if youre looking for coverage i would try hourglass or make up for ever 
actually reporting news...whether they like was is the news or not.,whether they agree with it or not, whether they like the individuals upon whom they are supposed to report or not. 
noosa superfans need your help! join the cream of the crop and we will work together to reach 800k points this month so noosa can donate $5k to the charity we choose: be the match, pollinator partnership, or splash! 
or it ain’t that deep 
thank you! yeah i'm surprised they didn't send a cancellation email or something. i'm doing my best. thank you for being flexible! 
ep 23 pot roast - pot roast, or if you’re in colorado, roast. new video link… … 
family tv night or should i say streaming tv night without commercial interruption -- watching s1e1 of "i lucy" via @ primevideo on @ 
streaming simpsons then either neon maniacs (1986), contagion (2011), or i am legend (2007) here in 10 … 
so are you my real friend or 
please read this, as it’s the best article on ichiro’s retirem-ish that’s been written or will be written. … 
haha were they lucky guesses or are you just that politically engaged? and yeah, bounds green to be precise. you living in finsbury park?? 
it's happened again. somebody i thought of as reasonable has been taken in by something so blatantly beyond reason that i have to question their critical thinking skills. so, i either dismiss the hypocrisy, or raise my voice to proclaim rational truth knowing it will cost me: 
give thanks, have faith, get your weight up ... stack gold! (... and earn or purchase crypto-coins whole you're at it.) (user id lillienoir) 
also tryin to live a stress free life as much as possible so any negativity or bullshit, big or small, will not be tolerated or even entertained by me thank u! 
so should i square up with professor now or when i get back 
literally you will always catch me in oversized crewnecks or anything comfy af i realized i’m just ugly all around so fuck it amirite??? jejeje 
does anyone actually know the reason behind blackpink being treated like this by their company like are they just gonna be models or w/e......also they only have five songs and still managed to outstream everyone’s faves which is just further proof of how successful they are and 
great. until someone tries to use my fingerprint to buy or pay for something while i'm asleep or drunk. 
so @ david_hall6186 and i decided we wanted to be brigade fans (or it might've been blast fans i don't remember) and then we forgot all about them. if the games are fun i think i want to check it out 
school closure on big island. teachers and staff making sure all students get home safely via bus or picked up by family. kiddos mentioned cracks they saw in classroom walls. cannot confirm. #earthquake 
not to be bare minimum twitter or anything but it’s really so refreshing to witness a man who genuinely loves and cares about his girlfriend. 
my son had branched off into manga or chibi or anime or whatever. copic on… … 
is the line “he was a boy, she was a girl, can i make it any more obvious” from avril lavigne’s sk8r boi a commentary about straight assumptions in media or just plain homophobic 
ikimaru: couldn’t decide if it should have been the sky or sea so i guess now it’s both 
how about appointing ronald mcdonald or mayor mccheese. 
please be there for the rest of who wish to be there but can't for one reason or many victims dumped in rwandan rivers and waterways since 1959.we always remember them 
were any decisions taken or just given another date to move backlog to future date. knowing indian judicial system no outcome only future date 
6 months or 3 years, depending on how you look at it 
i dont trust anyone who doesnt like pickles or banana peppers 
corpus christi tx usa - insurance inspector - you will identify all hazards or concerns and provide photographs and meas #career #photography #job 
or give him more time and space 
facts. for some reason i start cleaning when i’m upset or get mad … 
as a self-proclaimed "inpar" (involuntary party non-invitee) i am offended by the party fun that clearly hasn't been equally distributed here. remember: next time you go to a party, take an "inpar" with you, no matter how dour or bitter he (we seem to only be men?!?) seems to be. 
#outsiders. dans 'free' tafe courses are a crock. $50 cert 1 or 11 courses won't get you any job @ _rebase @ timsmithmp @ theboltreport @ ritapanahi there are ts and conditions! 
or someone that always wants answers. like gtfo. i’m mosey but i do not be on peoples dicks. 
he also doesn’t know how bad that matchup is or how to di the footstool lol 
not that i would put it past mcshame, but.....every time i.g. is abt ready to finalize his report a new deep state operative is discovered or a new investigation opens, adding to it. for expediency, he has already recommended charges be filed on at least 5 individuals. 
dont @me if i took a video or photograph of you and you add your own edit to it because thats no longer my work . it made my hard work look disgusting 
train not only was it one of the most entertaining game is in modern day #nbaplayoffs history but it was only fitting i delivered the #bostonceltics +9 or moneyline +600+700+800 lol another winning week 
lol. i feel ya. that draft is burned in my head. yes vo or giannis would have been good. 
philly age is definitely showing in this series but brad stevens is probably a top 3 or 4 coach in the entire league 
if they don’t release more tickets or add another day they should just upgrade the venue that way everyone is happy 
it doesnt matter if there are links or not, we deserved to see those emails 
dsp to 4th (or ted's box), vrana to the top, shane to 3rd. 
based on the history of first seasons together like kd+ russ or steph + klay or wiggins, towns butler or wall beal, kyrie - waiters, i’d say they have a few years to learn. wayyy ahead of schedule here … 
frankie goes to hollywood starquake nebulus racing destruction set seuck zork bruce lee miami vice skate or die wizball sword of fargoal thrust blue meanies from outer space iridis alpha sacred armor of antiriad leather goddesses of phobos ik+ archon/archonii … 
have you played fire emblem before? if you haven't, awakening or birthright are your best starts. preferably awakening. 
why do you want me today? is it because you think you're wonderful or is it because you think you're worth less than nothing at all-+ beck + call by july talk … 
y’all only hype plus size women up if they’re thick in the legs with a flat or somewhat flat stomach !!!!!!! 
no need to hate or compare! positive vibes only! … 
i was originally going to try to make them do the sad forehead touch thing or the angsty putting hands up onto the divider glass thing but they're not supposed to steal the show when there are 24 other charas, 
*shrugs* idc anymore just come in or whatever 
i am allowed to think a genuinely funny tweet is funny also, here's the thing: adults aren't always right. you don't have to use my age (an arbitrary number) to determine whether or not i am mature. 
many businesses will go out of the way to make things right. they just went about it the wrong way. i would imagine an email, text or voicemail before heading out there would have worked. nothing to see here folks. 
can confirm i may or may not have known we had a high risk world that wasn't a pvp world. 
elites will always be able to get an abortion (abroad), adopt/get married as gay (abroad or de facto), move assets as to pay little taxes, or u know leave the whcd in a huff to tweet about elites from a limousine going to another fancier after-party organized by the media 2/ 
i dunno if i wanna be the backup dancer or her indeed … 
that’s supposed to be a sign or some 
i was watching this youtuber and whether she said nigga or not in this song determined whether or not i was subscribing and she passed, now i can love her. 
for some reason i always think doyoung is as old as taeil bc he gives off a mature vibe, but then i see him smile or make a dumb joke and i go ah yes. a baby. 
tavares, stastny or we riot!!! 
in my books, you are either hot or cold. this agnostic thing makes no sense to me. 
" @ comedybook2 scientific american had a article on junk dna. it actually is very, there is more complex regulati…" so you are going to stick with the no junk dna lie then you must believe there are amoeba that are 100 or >200 times more functional than humans 
i am believe it or not 
people that go to restaurants and get burgers or chicken fingers bother me... 
dm me some motivating memes or videos so i can get up and clean my damn house, plz and thnk u 
yknow that video clip where a cow or something is lowered into a river & the river appears to boil ferociously, & it’s raised again within seconds to show that the piranha have devoured it to the bone? put a pound of cherry tomatoes on my kitchen counter & walk away. same. 
all we get from you and your trolling friends is hate. we think you are hateful and don't understand how or why you could act the way you do. maybe you should try a new approach because you're failing miserably 
if u got 1 or 2 tickets for bts oakland dm me pls 
ken when you’ve too much hair and it wraps itself round your neck and starts choking ye or is that just me 
hello! what happens when you try to sign into your account with your phone? any messages or app issues? 
#momsknowbestwm #sweepstakes get help! from friends or relatives. it really does take a village. 
who wore it better olenna of house tyrell or @ arianagrande? ....the queen of thorns, duh. 
where was the poverty rate comparison b4 the states became right-to-work. how fast are the poverty rates changing and in what direction now? since they became right to work? i need a full set of facts b4 i vote one way or the other. 
new hit country music video coming soon. in the mean time enjoy some hip hop or whatever you call this! … 
my guess is that he may be trans, or just listened to someone else who has had periods. still a little odd though. 
i believe you started the back and forth. why don't you mind your own business? this is social media, i'll message whomever i please. don't like it? block me or mute me. 
kerry once boasted that he would be the next jfk. whether he meant it as a play on their identical initials or he really thought he was going to be elected president become another beloved jfk. thank fully, we will never know. 
i’m interested in a piece or two. 
weed, shit loads of weed! okay no. work out, tire yourself physically!! go to bed everyday at the same time, regardless of whether you are sleepy or not. do not eat before sleeping. no caffeine after 1 pm. try white noise. 
hey @ michelleobama & @ hillaryclinton if either of u were “successful women” maybe people would vote 4 you but no 1 did because you’re neither successful or electable! i’d vote 4 successful women like @ carlyfiorina @ nikkihaley @ sarahpalinusa in a heartbeat so please, just go … 
the convicted felon who can’t carry or own a firearm...great pick. 
oh i don’t think this is about whether or not pleading the fifth incriminates trump in a ct of law. rather, the implications of doing so in the ct of public opinion. opinion is based on perception after all. 
reassessing emotion in #climatechange communication -- really helpful article from @ dan_a_chapman and others. no surprise, but emotional appeals, whether attempting hope or fear or anything else, are complicated 
i like #clearskintwitter wait or is this … 
third: braised lamb posole w/ lamb breast, hominy & 3 chilis paired w/ @ thebruery or xata - blond ale 7.1% 
either kyle, or victor... my money is on victor. #yrinfinity 
we know that @ kellyannepolls is devoid of shame. and lacking in shame and/or pride. we also know she is aware of his dalliances but the allure of power has shown her true personality. ugly. 
completely agree pal & i’m not having a go at any club in particular.i just think it’s sad that players & managers come & go yet it’s the fans who have the passion loyalty & commitment.i get it’s a job people follow a career,but are they celebrating the shirt or the wage... 
am i excited to go to the cubs game or am i drunk stay tuned to find out 
or you could buy your own shitty guitar and smash the hell out of it. ;) 
the courier's email server is dead. we're asking all area coaches to please call or fax in your results tonight.. @ courier_sports 
“penis or vagina? let’s find out!!!” 
roger pielke jr. fascinating & important. the more educated you are & the more ideological (liberal or conservative), the more prejudice you display against people who don't share your politics. ht @ hdxacademy … 
i'm catholic, surrounded by those that are either catholic or raised catholic. nobody gives a shit, really. 
thread by @ aliasvaughn: "1. there are many big points in this report, but it's clear that to see those figures, mr. avenatti and his associates have to have obtained access to cohen's bank records. or vekselberg's/his cousin's. 2. i have no idea […]" … 
california is set to require solar panels on all newly built single-family houses and apartment buildings 3 stories or less. read more at 
jim get in touch with me if you need any bumpers or show intros 
yeah, a dozen or so people died in chicago a few years back when the fire dept used an evacuation stairwell to vent smoke as people evacuated. they suffocated :( 
previously in our blog: auto loan tips – car buying advice by credit score. should you buy new or used or lease? … 
don’t need to—whether @ iamcardib said it or not, does not negate who she is! 
are we a country or a joke? … 
all im saying is if mourinho or lowe had to deal with what our wc players perform like it would be a different story ! mourinho wouldnt have this look at pogba ! expectations are higher because of the money there on except it. 
oh my. please don't quit on us, @ iamnotchubs. if there is anything we can do for you, or you have any concern that you need us to handle, kindly let us know. we will be waiting for your response. thanks. 
you cute or whatever … 
nah, i ain’t gone say that but my shit will have somebody occupied..only words they can utter out is “shit!” “fuck!” or daddy 
if you want to watch k dramas that has engsubs already i suggest you watch it on :) they update every time a new kdrama or show airs :) 
not with fellaini, valencia or young. sometimes you just need to upgrade from 4s to 9s. 
sounds great, but the article doesn’t talk about whether or not these stores are profitable. or, at least, making enough money to stay open. … 
50/50 shot... holly looking at one set of legs, maybe because they're mom's or maybe because they're not there all the time. 
@ mexicanfunural how are you feeling? can i get you anything? such as a hug? or maybe some tea? 
pg- @ josh86511786 sg- taken sf- needed so please dm me or message pf- needed so please dm or message c- needed so please dm or message help us hit elite!!! @ 2kcrewfinder @ proamrecruiting @ nba2kprospects @ official2kproam @ 2kproamintel @2kfreeagents @ 2kcompgames #2kfreeagent 
i’m upset that caffeine/coffee does absolutely nothing for me. i’ve taken upwards of 6 shots at a time, drank cold brew like a crackhead with no water or milk, and i could fall asleep like a baby afterwards 
yeah that one. idk about going to the city one. not unless we ubber or lyft it 
article 17: to see if the town will vote to raise and appropriate, borrow, and/or transfer from available funds money to implement a capital improvement program. request is for $235,000. fin com: fav action 12-0-0. bos: fav action 4-0-0. capital budget: fav action 5-0-0. 
karen nodded, "good, cause my counterpart here needs you." she winked at him before handing him her business card. "however, if you ever change your mind, or decide to just take a sabbatical to build something, there will be a lab for you in my company." 
is she a pupper or a doggo? 
i really need to enter some chicken wing eating competitions this year... or just food eating competitions in general 
you see, the only reason i wake up early af is to prepare my breakfast with the sandwich press and drink coffee... (like triple or quad shot espresso) just so that i don't fall asleep later on and fuck up my (already fucked up) sleeping schedule even more. 
when people at work ask me what i recommend for a laptop... i just say "google," or "buy a desktop" 
"we support america, damn it. stand for the flag or get out" meanwhile, they shit all over the flag code and call it patriotism, lmao... 
rally august 18-19 2018 from 9 am to 1 pm please come and help save canada from trudeau. rally in ottawa parlamint hill!!!!canadian voice party!!media!!!lilyana!!!god harper!! !!!leader canadian voice party!!~ !!canadian patriot!!!no mistake!!!!peace!!or war!! share! 
you want it to? or are you feeling a little... oral first? … 
they would be a great dark horse win!!! i agree, they clearly love what they do. what really got me in the nf was the engagement with the audience and the audience's energy and excitement, wow! although, it looked more tame in the arena, or was that just the camera angles? 
light skin or brown skin … 
of all the things college taught me, probably the most valuable thing i learned was how to have thick skin. because not everyone is gunna like you, be kind to you or believe in you & that’s okay because the ones who do are all that matter 
have they ditched independent commissioner @ justine_nolan, or was it just not part of this announcement? agree with you - commissioner role is critical. … 
build around degrom,synderguard,conforto,nimmo good guy to keep . but you have to get machado , realmuto!! enough with this bullshit getting guys on the cheap , 2nd rate free agents ! we’re new york !! go big or go home!! otherwise you will always be the stepchild in this town! 
i love it when someone makes a statement, and it particularly is self congratulatory and they think the article they link to supports it, but it refutes. someone didn't really read it, did they? or are they just that dumb? 
i like the new arctic monkeys album ??? do people just not like interesting music or something ?? 
i drew a quick shoutout to all the show or band or whatever is great wow 
i have to wade until it's screening here or comes out. 
drinking coffee is an addiction don't start or you will never stop 
@ realdonaldtrump remind americans to register if they haven't yet or if they moved. remind americans to help friends & relatives to vote or vote absentee ballot. prepare now!! 
yeah my roommate pays her half of all our utilities with it and i end up splitting pizza or one of purchases with people so often i rarely bother withdrawing anything 
hey @ fraulubbers is it ok if i plug @ jakepaul or @ phillyd merch on your whiteboard i'll ask nicely i … 
“you’re young. if something or someone makes you unhappy, fuck it. it doesn’t matter. nothing is worth losing yourself” 
oh i am sure he will go high too. i just would take about 7 or 8 others before him personally 
easlily the best thing or the worst 
you realize @ zacksnyder takes franchise rapist tips from @ michaelbay right? or at least it seems he used to. 
#mothersdaychallenge my mom is a queen that was able to raise two boys on her owen without being employed, she has endured many hard ships some of them even as a result of her own seed but not once did she waver or show less live she has always been strong beautiful black mother 
because people from liverpool tend to be #everton fans. liverpool fans tend to come from london, surrey or norway. #itscomplicated #butnotreally 
when has trump been advised well, or taken any advice? 
whenever @ mr_clemson retweets or likes one of my tweets, i expect it to blow up...especially when it’s sports related 
if you think i am interested in a cookie or any other reward you might offer to my dismissal of the tea party is missing the importance of my comment. lack of compromise on ideological positions and castigation of those more center oriented than you will result in a lost cause. 
why is there a rule for everything? like... wait before you text them back? or don’t be too agressive? don’t order anything messy when you go out to eat? 
whats cuter short hair or long hair 
are you seriously comparing #kellypocha to omar khadr? how was she brainwashed or held and tortured for a decade? please help me understand your comment. you really need to lay off the american media. it's making you paranoid. 
earlier this week, we reported that the tampa bay lightning were getting pretty aggressive to make sure that no visiting caps fans can buy tickets or rock the red. in fact, the lightning are enforcing a dress code. 
i asked this guy who is going to win the raider 5k. he’s not sure but encourages you to join us tomorrow. just participating or volunteering gets you a chance at a free lunch!! $25 for students & staff//$30 for others on race day. 
but can they skate on the bike paths to get to the new oval? or do they have to cycle or take public transit? … 
keep reminding yourself that things happen for a reason, wether we understand them or not. we all love you cade 
idk if it’s the alcohol, queso, or the movie tangled, but something’s working. my bet is the queso 
i hate this about myself dude. it sounds weird but it’s so therapeutic to me. just to spend money. it makes me happy to just buy new stuff that i won’t ever wear or use. 
don't follow him, or latimore for that matter. neutral observer. i see by your avatar you like to play with yours. don't get out much? 
friday night poll! what temperature is the water when you shower or bathe? 
and what i really meant to say was, i’m not attracted to all white men. it’s only a select few. i prefer black over white. or hispanic over white. that’s just my taste. i’m not objectifying anything. 
and also this one from @ blondieofficial too that not many people know because it is i think unreleased in a record or too rare, but only played live in shows such as this one: … 
@ andyp792 loma or linares? loma rd 9 then we starting singing the blues to easter rd in a few hours! 
i hate these damn infinity war clips on youtube that skip a bunch of parts either post the whole thing or not at all!!!! 
most pokrmon games (well all ds and up) were announced b4 or after e3 so yea 
that's such a dumb question. do you believe it should be a human right or not? obviously, no one can wave a magic wand and make that happen. but she believes it -should- happen. do you believe it's a human right or not? the more people who believe that, the more likely it is. 
the future of conservatives relies on a population incapable of critical thought or analysis. know you’re abcs and go do your menial underpaid insecure job so you’ll rely on the meagre handouts they’ll dole out 
@ rclbeauty101 you always reply to people or not? 
"what kaché doing?" "kaché stripping or she a porn star?" kaché living her life bitch, not worried bout nan you ran through hoes. read my bio i'm an esthetician and a model. #getyolife #thanksfortheattention 
@ tacobueno it’s very frustrating when you make it a point to find/drive to a taco bueno to get one of the specials that were emailed to you only to find out you no longer even have the meal or the products to make the advertised meal. 
did the author of the dossier get information from russian sources? of course he did. whom else would give him information about donald trump in russia? the swiss or israel. the author of the dossier is former british intelligence. well respected btw. 
*narrows eyes* is that cute? or is it part of the lie? 
i donated mine to chegg. i’m not sure what they do with them—like if they sell them or not but that’s what i did. felt better than throwing them out. 
3) the war is over and the autobots won, leaving decepticons to either be criminals or reform which i would assume is what soundwave opted to do. other questions, i spotted cheetor so is beast wars a thing here? why do they jump all over in designs? (cont) 
no one debunked the leaked dnc or podesta emails the journalists caught choosing sides are still employed as journalists. are there any objective journalists - the hacks are in the media, and they're not russians 
man unlucky for us not hot girls who had to wait in line or got rejected cos there were guys with us 
well that sucks. is the rut a comfortable one that it's easier to be in than not, or is it one that rots your soul (which i recently had). 
russia was excluded one year. and i dont think they should be allowed to participate or host. russia is also killing people in the ukraine and imprisoning people for being homosexual. 
she's pretty and says things that a sizable portion of people want to be true. modern politics isn't about facts or truth. it's about narratives. the "immigrants are lazy and entitled" narrative helps people justify their racist thoughts. 
an impressive resume is not an excuse for despicable, irresponsible behavior nor is money. worse yet political success is no excuse either, in fact, political or religious leadership make that behavior more despicable. 
just curious!!!!! do u guys have any quotes or like pieces of advice that have stuck with you for a long time? i really love hearing about that sort of stuff 
my voting record is gop. and anyone who thinks u can or should govern w/o compromise should be voted out of office regardless of party. if ur not willing to listen and work w others u shouldnt be in office. we can “what about them “ forever its a govt for all not just a party 
rollin with bravo is about to start with lady sol & i! tune in for the jams! from the latest in independent music to all your favorite industry hits!! the show is stacked! tune in or stream music monster 92.7 ktpz / 6p-8p! #happymothersday 
soo im watching videos & youtube & the one im wwatching now is making me crack up cuz the narrator's voice fjsdfjkj like the way he reads or whatever 
let me know what you want me to review next!! comment below or dm… … 
please, for the love and care of your car... change your oil or your oil will be black instead of a dark brown... this oil change was from a @ kia #optima 2013 #turbo don't recall the miles but it was overdue for an #oilchange at @ 
bernie sanders did you ask hillary to apologize to you on twitter for rigging your primary with her so you had no chance of winning. how much did hillary pay you to keep quiet or did hillary pay off your wife’s legal fees. 
all good dont want them mad at you and talking like they have a life or social skills anyway lmao 
of course! i hope you have or had a great day. 
do you want me to take you out the date way or the assassin way? 
yeah sad thing is it doesn't matter about who unpopularity or who popularity lnp not in front of 2pp primary votes libs won't get elected what a joke the media are spin #newspoll pathetic 
or auditioning for @ cnn by vowing his allegiance to the #creepypornlawyer 
well that was at like the all star break or around then 
i had that happen to me i was on the way to toilet paper factory or the factories next to flush and had a bunch of loot fall on me i was so confused i though someone fell on me from the top of the mountain lol 
in your opinion why hasn’t he panned out yet??? or what’s the problem??? 
shit is aggy because the person that does this is usually the one that started the shit or it happens after you’ve heard them out and they won’t reciprocate 
but alfie was dying because the ventilation had been taken off and this caused the infection... do you understand what i say? alderhey caused die and infection. then they avoided treating infection because he was dying? this is demential thinks or they are killers! #defundnhs 
i agree to an extent. the number "666" is so take out of context, though; it's the number of a man, basically meaning that it's 3x the imperfections of the ones who wish to be in power. this "mark", whether it's a financial or religious mark, will affect the majority of people. 
if i love you, give you my time, and make you number 1, consider yourself lucky cuz this loyal chick will always ride for you. if you backstab me or hurt me, consider it misfortunate, cuz you just lost a real one. 
and as you said they were soliciting white house leaks...again in the most leaking administration in the history of the county wikileaks got nothing? not a single leaker sent them anything despite being whistle-blower central? or maybe they did and are deciding to sit on it? 
urgent: the senate votes on #netneutrality in less than 48 hours or call (513) 854-0120 to contact your reps these are key: @ lisamurkowski @ senjohnkennedy @ sendeanheller @ marcorubio @ orrinhatch @ lindseygrahamsc 
cause she looking real masculine or he need to gain weight either or she can forsure throw one lol 
in reality i know that colby and i will probably never meet or ya know date which is one reason why i’m happy that colby likes a girl, also because if colby’s happy then i’m happy, and all of the fans should feel the same 
“of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'it might have been.” ― john greenleaf whittier 
bet i’ll text ya day or to determine when but we def gonna go see the binches 
still, don't google it. finally you'll find cancer in your hairs or something :p 
check with melania or barron. 
i rather sing live or not sing at all. #rollingloud 
right? i remember when i had fewer than 2k followers i pretty much kept up w/ all my notifications, but then as i started getting invited into busy #resistance threads w/ 50 or so regulars tweeting all the time my notifications got out of control & i couldn't keep up w/ them all. 
is that good or bad? 
while i agree with you, mike is right at least about bovada. you gotta use btc or wait for a check that takes like 3 months. but i stand by nobody flies to vegas for sports gambling alone bc they can't do it anywhere else. 
love the show and never miss. tyrus and kat are awesome. they make me realize that my views are not out of the main cause i believe the same as you guys. that’s can be good or bad. don’t know who for thou. libs could never have a show like yours cause they can’t laugh at self. 
a person asked me how i think the world will end, or at least humanity. i honestly believe that we will destroy ourselves. for god sake we still kill people who have different religions 
the hawaii department of health reminds the public that its crisis line of hawaii is available for residents, visitors and anyone affected by the kilauea eruptions seeking help in coping with mental or emotional effects. … 
“i think society is a cluster fuck of everyone’s problems. though i think justin is more misunderstood than anyone else thinks sometimes. but anyway, i’m hannah. shopping? shoe spree or clothes?” 
if you can’t motivate me to better myself friendship or relationship wise i swear i will cut you out of my life 
felt confident enough with my skill level/etc lately to start running outside and on hills for the first time ever and um i love it?! this is actually so fun when no one is pushing you to run a mile in 5 minutes or sprinting their sweat glands off next to you on a treadmill???? 
@ qrsupport : request you to please help me on the same if she needs to collect the baggage in doha or directly in kolkata. can you please clarify. let me know if we need to send dm with ticket and bag tag details. 
i’m tired of these _____ or _____ tweets... literally just say you want attention and go 
when your mad or stressed remember to calm down. it makes everything better. 
i don't think atx or cmh are public transit ready like london. and therefore every stadium plan has to incorporate using cars as the primary transit option. the arena district in columbus works because of multiple parking garages and exit routes. i don't see that in atx plan 
as a guy do you ever just sit back and think how your future wife would look like? if your gonna like her food.? if she’s gonna like to clean the around the house or your gonna live in a pig hole? i mean i’m sure it’s like that with girls too. 
i hope this isn't construed as macho. i can't fight for shit, but i can articulate even when i'm on a can run around 1, and drunk people often back down when faced with reason. also, i've been punched in the face 3 or 4 times and it doesn't last that long tbh. 
i think what mike bloomberg said is profoundly important: ..."the greatest threat to american democracy isn't communism, jihadism or any other external force or foreign power. it's our own willingness to tolerate dishonesty in service of party and in pursuit of power." wow! 
is it just me or does fried chicken salad with extra ranch sound like a contradiction 
it seems that similar lactic acid bacteria are being added to the blue lid of the yogurt drink which was in the refrigerator of anna nicole smithpage 49 or 52annⅰhad always pink-dink, tho♪ 
she's mentally ill - bipolar or whatever. 
facebook says it deleted or added warnings to about 29 million posts that broke its rules on hate speech, graphic violence, terrorism and sex, over the first three months of the year #ai #algorithm #facebook facebook details scale of abuse on its site … 
guys who pee all over the toilet seat should be kept in small cages forever with no food or water 
why buy hella eyelashes when you can get extensions or am i thinking wrong 
same folks who say eye-talian..they either don't realise they sound lile idiots or they just do it on purpose. 
what question would definitely not answer in a game of truth or dare? — honestly i’m pretty open there’s not much that can shock me into silence … 
‘keep on’ is a phrasal verb using the verb form of ‘keep’. it is commonly used with a gerund clause, which contains a verb used as a noun ending in –ing. used this way, it has the meaning of continuing on or persist in doing something without any intention of stopping. 
kenny, scottish beef or british beef. what can charge a premium price? 
you're not going to "get" every piece of media, especially when you're dealing with media from a specific culture with culturally-specific issues it's working through that doesn't make it impenetrable, or you a bad viewer. it means there's an experience barrier, as with most art 
it's not top of the news because there are, what, at least two or three other stories that are also bad -- trump's financial disclosures, the north korea summit on the rocks, jr's seeming lying to congress about the extent of the trump tower meeting. 
why would someone do this? there are already so many totally legit accounts that hate on misha or try to destroy his charity just bc he's a friend with j2 there is totally no need for starting a new one, a link would be just enough 
i am sure he could recall all the times his daddy called black &brown people sub-human & animals! analysis | 54 things donald trump jr. couldn’t ‘recall’ or ‘remember’ in his testimony … 
tom ford tobacco vanille or oud wood … 
"it's like i have espn or something. my breasts can tell when it's gonna rain." 
@ themilkmendt i know not rookie related, but who would you bring in out of whitfield, blakely or sicily? all 3 are the same price... cheers gents! 
omg @ shellbell_xo i can't believe how he talked to you..or tweeted...that's crazy...so sorry 
don't let anyone hold you back or make you feel bad about following the callings of your soul. 
i never learned how to program a vcr. prob still blinking 12:00 in a land full somewhere. or “don’t touch the tv, your dad is taping something.” 
coop, say you love the guitar solo in suck my kiss or i'm unfollowing. 
the 3rd paragraph makes the most important point for those wondering if it's worth getting an #mba "the degree isn't a golden ticket to fame or fortune" besides saying incorrectly that an mba is a terminal degree, it's a very complete & informative article #gradschool #highered 
day 15 - i ate 2 oz of mashed taters and am very confused about if i'm full or not. 
how about riddler or penguin no one has ever put them in a game #sweepstakes 
north korea is dismantling its nuclear site, but is it abandoning its arsenal or hiding evidence? … 
skyway somco's one calling number: (02) 318-toll or (02) 318-8655; email address: 
the real question tho is it yanny or laurel? 
sorry for the confusion! at the deadpool double feature in imax, cine 1 or cine capri, you will receive your a tiny deadpool figurine. hope this helps! 
oh i thought u had heard leaks or smth.... hehe 
he made it pretty clear the first time people just don’t want to except it. he does say a lot of dumb or wrongly worded shit but he’s right on this one 
that was my parents generation. i am over 60 and never met anyone in my generation who had or cared about complete sets of dinnerware. neither can any if them get their kids to take their parents' set. 
i literally said two months ago that harden should be the mvp but somehow steph or lebron would win bc of their name … 
ryan mitterling from nagle athletic surfaces says track surface is 7 years old, work would last 8 or 9 years. last done in 2013. @bobkripplebaur, facilities manager, says 2015 price was $140,000, do district is being offered a discount. 
still nehru is responsible for anything which will happen in future or happened in past. 
oh my best friend or my beautiful sister, you will stay in my heart forever, we will differentiate places،but my love for you will not go away،i will miss you my donkey @ iiiin7s . 
yeap! today is the day!! but sadly i couldn't be there in time when the mv and album is being release as i am working afternoon shift today and couldn't change it as well but i will catch it up after work or maybe at my work place when i have the time too 
understand tha, from a psychological stand point, the absence of eyes can symbolize a number of things and none of them are, what you would call, "good" or "fine", but at the same time its not alarming 
don’t need or want that dirty money! god said “you will earn all your money with your sweat and tears” 
@ buzzrothfield will be ' appearing ' @ 2gb873 on saturday with his mates pictured right here while the lovely @ erin_molan has time off to do something or other 
there's always foster care or sending them to relatives in their home countries!! careful what you ask for @ housedemocrats @ senatedems 
floral, or danny … 
@ stageamerican pseudodipteral falsely or imperfectly dipteral as a temple w1526601740711 
dab nab it. #add asked question, my attention flickered, and i didn't realize for a while of my mom talking that it was her answering. never comes off well. wish ppl wd believe it's not/wouldn't insist it's rudeness or under my control, but their interpretation tends to be locked 
50% off 60 minute signature, aromatherapy, hot stone, or deep tissue massage at lavenvelle spa- 
good things are happening and i’m a mixed bowl of emotions and i don’t know what or how to calm down. send help. please. 
jesse used to think that the moon was an eye. maybe she's always wanted to just be noticed or looked at? 
damn you’re still in my mentions thinking you’re gonna prove a point or something? no ones cares. you don’t even make sense go do something with your life besides defend someone who doesn’t even care or know you exist. 
me after every game of fortnite. win or lose. 
if you ever doubt if i’m a good friend or not just know i would walk through flooded water to make it to your graduation 
and truthfully, i’ve been looking for a way to get out of new orleans for the past year. i’m at a point where i really want to pack my shit up, put it in storage or sell it and buy a one way ticket out of here. going to africa would’ve killed two birds with one stone. 
lmao. isn’t it weird how hazard is the only one that talks about hazard winning a ballon d’or? … 
all for one and one for all, or so we hope. 60 minutes until all is revealed @ marvel #agentofshield season final 
drunk or high? 
closed street or sidewalk cleaning request at 346 austin st . case resolved. pickup 
@ lordmesa are you gonna come through with the #blacklightning art or nah 
i didn’t get these expensive ass hair extensions to wear for only one night. idgaf i’m wearing em to school or even around the house n i don’t wanna hear shit 
does "luxury" in this case mean that i can slowly break it in over years of daily wear and it will never go out of style? or does it mean a delicate gender that i need to save for special occasions? 
im trying to get to 1400 #savelucifer #pickuplucifer tweets before midnight. that'll give me over 200 per day. i think i started on sat or sun of last week. this makes 1388! 
sadly 2022. unless he resigns first or is stupid enough to run for president. 
for latest traffic updates,download the southern tollways app from playstore. available on android or visit ,,,, 
if i ever feel this way i know i’ve reached enlightenment or had a stroke. (and j i know you read these so i’ll remind you not to amore me before checking for brain activity.) … 
that is what postmodernism is though, be it in the arts and architecture, or in society and political though; it is the rejection of any judgment and objective standard; ultimate subjectivism 
yep every time i see, hear or read him all i think of is a self obsessed media hungry bully. his whole mo seems to be what controversial conservative crap can he say now to get him in the news and give the nut job right wing more ammunition to hate. end game: “look at me”. 
“the bible isn’t a newspaper where we get headlines and it isn’t a magic 8 ball that can tell us the future or what we should do. it is god’s truth that is spoken to all nations at all times.” @ elysefitz @ rivchurch #delightingintheword 
time to leave and live without fear or favour is here. living the life of my head, finally. #werock! 
couldn’t wait to leave college but honestly going to miss my ags so much they are the stupidest but soundest lads i’ve ever met. never let you down for a laugh or a sesh. 
30ty pounds or better is how we do this ...oh… … 
wonderfully sad ending. great tv show, especially in the last seasons. great characters too; the fact they’ve not been seen or at the very least mentioned in the mcu is a real shame... #coulsonlives 
israel is going down for killing countries n mining them into diamonds and i don't want you associated wit that or the un or nato eu they are all going sir 
#kag2020 - is america senseless or defenseless- you decide- #maga2020 
except they inviegle themselves into positions of power and have been sent to represent the country without any kind of qualifications,skills or experience. 
when you're alone at night and need somebody by your side no matter wrong or right sayin' it's gonna be alright no one'll hold you tight, no one'll look you in your eyes as if it ain't okay to cry, try to be the tough guy 
whenever i hear someone say, “i read somewhere...,” i know that what they’re about to say is completely made up or at least taken out of context. 
i love when people who have never helped me pay a bill or fed me question the methods in which i earn money. 
i’m an old school analog girl. and i’ve gone to concerts where dudes like him are a dime a dozen. dripping condescension and arrogance with their “music knowledge” , fantasizing about being in their own indie band, but not having the balls or talent to do much about it. the + 
vault | 20jan17: underscores or hyphens in the urls of images? q&a: #dsqlive #seo 
either black really dnt crack or i'm aging backwards cause i know i dnt look like i have a 4yr old son when he's my grandson and i'm knocking on 5yrs myself 
first up is the worldbuilding aoa arc, if that does well we'll smack dat season 2...then comes any shorts or specials with aoa i guess, checking out some old dbz games, a buu's fury playthrough, some more storytime vids and shit... 
not sure tbh. dunno if he's' officially signed to matchroom or if its just brook getting his mate on his card. prob the latter. prob a more marketable fight but it doesn't really take carl anywhere does it? i wouldn't be completely shocked if they had to resort to that though. 
maybe get @ unpunkcrock to help or someone he is really good 
burn marshmallows to a crisp with a blowtorch (culinary or otherwise) and float on top. drop in cherries, and randomly stab the fuck out of everything with cocktail swords. enjoy! 
been stuck in the almost successful place for 3 seasons now. similar under harry not so long ago. the next step is either to win cl or pl or top 4 and a domestic cup! can’t do that with the same transfer policy we have been doing tbh 
police should be able to anonymously file a complaint that will be investigated by an outside agency....but then, dt and gop... the thing is, no decent cop wants to work with the cop who is a screwup or crazy. at this point, only the cops can change this culture. :/ how? … 
it’s like you need to come to work high or sumn when you’re working retail cause these customers man 
unfortunately, most instances of fictional disabilities are written by non-disabled authors who often do stuff that is (usually unintentionally) ableist or otherwise falls short. 
is it just america’s number or ww? 
guys give me à link or livestream i need to see my queen ariana #bbmas 
y’all come and see or watch online we’re here for you. … 
someone supply me with pictures of manager sejin from today or i will snap 
really don't know if i'm tired or if my body is just tired from drinking yesterday 
my son usually wants to be held or rocked to sleep he put himself to sleep and i'm like slow it down big mac 
so great for anyone with babes or toddlers. #dropstopper … 
my mom just guessed 58 or 59 
should i go see @ _kayydash or sit this one out 
pls show film. reformed animal shelters using no kill equation not only save more lives, but are better places to work & volunteer, help make cities more liveable, accountable to donors & taxpayers, see "redemption" film, or even better, show it on cbc! 
is this a first world problem or what? 
it’s gonna be weird to watch barça next season without iniesta or xavi playing at all since we are used to watch their beautiful football. 
our king viewing from his kingdom or rather his balcony #mumbai #homeweethome @ 
@ tylerthecreator you tryna hook your boy up in paypal with a smooth $500 so he can go see his girl in the uk after a bunch of shit happened? i mean.. i really don't expect you to see this or if you do that you'll reply, but, i mean, its worth a shot. just wanna see her man. :/ 
these deluded morons who attack our president are not capable of evaluating facts, do not know history or how to actually, think, reason & decide issues on their on. they listen to 
are we talking about season one or two? i’m in season two, episode 10 right now 
help wanted - medi grill - portland, or job portland 
“i ride or die for four lokos” - jarrod dunn 
do y’all not read or what? it says she has malpractice lawsuits against her … 
i vote flint or mental health. both are underexposed and not enough resources devoted. 
*texts this to the person reading 
do you actually not know how to pose thick women or ? … 
will they or won’t they. one of two episodes dropped today. … 
or maybe a friendly country like england is already handling it ! crossing all fingers and toes ! 
so earlier i tweeted do we really pay attention to the signs that individuals show when they are depressed or sad? 
or leaving the empty milk bag in the jug that was returned back to the fridge 
zaina stfu or i'll block mn my life please you are the snake 5la9 the actual one and you are the only snake out there you do shit gdam wjh alnasss w you are amazing you are dangerous 
put marr0 in here! people rooting for him and know hes a solid player, soo clean, put him in or riot on your front lawn 
btw thala wants to be resurrected or otherwise given new life if she dies. she has shit to do. that's her will, "i'm not done yet put me back" 
i'm sorry but if you put her on the air - i change the channel. if she came on and told the truth (even if i didn't like or agree with it ) i would watch. i don't have any time for lies. 
never change how i feel about you near or far 
was former cia officer kevin mallory cultivating ties to china to get information for his fellow american agents? or was he a chinese spy? … via @ wsj 
the biggest question i have right now: is @ cythefox's hair brown or dirty blonde? 
i can't believe [wotc/sheldon] ruined commander by [un/banning a card, not/changing a rule, not/making a certain legendary creature or how it was/n't made] they are slapping all commander players in the face. i've played commander for [x] years and this made me quit. 
ebay: 1970 mercedes-benz 200-series 1970 mercedes benz 250c parts or rebuild-able only 
forreal, really tell the people you appreciate that you appreciate them it is definitely a comfort thing. that’s dope way to think about it. some people are not yet comfortable with their potential or ideas, and in turn shy away from it says a lot about the power of parenting 
im telling you who would suck your blood take it or leabe it 
$10 says the dnc or soros paid blankenship to screw up the senate race in west virginia. 
me i'm obsessed with coffee or you can’t stand it there is only one throne and that’s god's … 
if anyone wants to go clubbing or like out out where i gotta dress like i'm actually going out (and not just drinking and getting tacos) in the next ten days, ya gotta tell me like by tomorrow bc there is a suitcase in my closet and i am officially packing #jacquk 
should i continue the flood of content to clear my storage or should i wait 
it doesn’t have to be so complicated. give the “kicking” team the option to have the “receiving” team take possession on th 20 or do a traditional kick. with this setup they would only pick kick when they need an onside kick. 
grasping for straws... either you're being purposefully dense, or you dont know the definition of journalism nor unemployed... get that money tho, i guess 
if u need a good rebound show check out barry or killing eve. 2 of the best shows on tv 
or does he mean these are the steaks? 
nevermind. it's runoffs for dems or people out of my area. i thought i missed it! 
i wonder if i should take this lil girl scout camp counseling job or not ..it’s only for a month 
i do it, because my feet get cold, i have a tendency to fall (so i wear grippy socks), and i don’t like the feeling of dirt or grit on my feet. 
3 winners! win a 3-month subscription to the wild salmon box, a month of the wild seafood box or a month of the wild fish box! 
please be aware that not all people on newstart are “bludgers”. people studying receive newstart and some people with disabilities that aren’t deemed permanent or serious enough to be placed on a disabled pension. 
i started crying reading the message. he left the school after a year. i never thought i'd see or hear from him again. 
are you a morning person or night person? — نايت … 
but the remover doesn't just appear, debbie. you have to buy it. in a store. with people, debbie. or, you know, online or whatever. 
for real? if so, isn't this a @ scotus case in the making? ann, this isn't going to end with our tweets. we've got to march, to yell, to demand. we've got to be awakened or it's over. why haven't conservatives organized?? why?? 
terts. or was that just a time inc thing? shorthand for “tertiary quotes.” accidentally used it in a sentence to a non-journo friend and she wanted to know why i needed to get turds. 
his or hers? 
exactly!! who cares if they graduate. where do these brats get the idea that they can make stupid threats to get their way? sorry kiddos thats not the way life works. you play by the rules or you lose the game. get off kyle's ass and get over your jealosy. 
or or or you come to phoenix because we have tons of eli and elli's here to adventure with. 
i don't need ur pity... but thanks for the offer!! are you only here to bash trump or did you want to learn something?? 
does anyone know where i could watch it? i know they said we could watch it live on youtube or facebook but is there a certain link??? 
my irony radar is more or less permanently out of commission but i think it stirred a little at this reply... 
day after day, i see you spout nonsense about what dems think, feel, want, and plan. i'm a dem and you're dead wrong. maybe if you read or watched something o/t state-run media like fox et al, you'd find out what's going on in the world. 
and or an invoice? 
we just got out of federal court, where the @ aclu and @ basicrights asked a judge to toss out the discriminatory anti-trans lawsuit against the dallas school district. the law is on our 
lrt love ‘em or hate ‘em, you can’t deny that was one of the greatest catches of all time. 
i'm alive or plushie, check this out: all proceeds go to our charity, pcrf! 
yall check this out, this fucking slaps or in this case smacks … 
that cop or top flight got what he deserved … 
i just got a free owl emote on twitch chat. did someone gave it to me or... did i just get it? o-o it's no free gpu but hey!... it's owlhiiiiiiiiiiiiighnooooooooon 
or when he smirks singing ‘if you are looking for someone to write your break up songs about’ i’ve had enough of him 
or my saturday night with the mrs! 
shit i got myself confused to sorry. if you’re into guy to or only girls — lmao that’s why i was confused bc that’s not a yes or no question but just girls lmaoo … 
nor should he be. or ever be for that matter. 
lmao. my wife deals with the same thing. you would figure guys would learn a thing or two about women while dating. 
13/ and as i noted earlier today, there are many other ways prosecutors can maintain leverage over defendants post-conviction: probation, suspended sentences, deferred sentences, sentencing conditions, or even agreements between the parties that occur adjacent to the sentencing. 
yourbigsisnissi: my worth as a black woman is not measured by my ability to be a black man’s backbone or... 
not to be dramatic but i need sushi soon or i might die 
right. but it still doesn’t make sense if you can’t actually do it. because you won’t ever have to. that isn’t really your moral objection - it can’t be because you don’t even know what it entails or what it would be like. 
sit back and relax. they come to you and fit audio systems and lots more. at home or at work. #derby #derbyshire #motoring #audio 5333 … via @ alderbyshireg 
dg tv have the knowledge and skills to install your aerial or #satellite dish. they can also improve poor reception! #chesterfield #tv #derbyshire 6134 … via @ alderbyshireg 
2pm or bust … 
i maybe know one or two names but aside from casual chat in the break room when there’s free donuts i don’t talk to them 
shouldn’t be in the country is rather strong sentiment in my view. people who don’t stand for the flag or anthem shouldn’t be in the country but people who commit crimes against it, blue and white collar, should be allowed to remain? what’s the greater threat or disrespect? 
you are going to be next entrepreneur or professional blogger, and i don’t want you to ruin your career by choosing free hosting for wordpress. i recommend you to go for inexpensive trusted wordpress hosting because free hosts offer limited features and can s ... 
1368. you are top priority. vaca or not, you will be held accountable for all of the identity theft u pulled off. starting with the late missy bevers fakes. all in the #justicesoonmissy blog. u betcha there r "fresh eyes". #ennglemannspruce is on 
oop after seeing your number i’m wrong lol. he won another 20k or so. 7 days $164k! 
is it me or do the roommates not know the phone numbers of their significant others @ jerseyshore? they have a phone book with numbers in it??? 
a moment where the player has the spotlight in a good way. something dramatic or cool. epic battle moves, skillful negotiation, solving a puzzle, etc. 
humbled or showing humility… 
that doesn't mean we as fans have to like it or support it. that's america 
you have to tell people how you feel while they are still here because it will make the grieving process even more painful if you don't.don't let your friends or family think they're alone. 
a cop could deescalate a situation which is the opposite of aggression. i worked in security for years with no gun, taser, or mace. i had to escort hundreds of angry intoxicated people over the years with deescalation skills. not one of my customers ended up dead. 
most of us have real jobs. we don’t make millions. we don’t act like children at work. we follow the rules laid out by the employer or we find another job. its really is that simple. your time protest all u want. on the job go to work. 
me @12am (or tomorrow if i'm asleep) listening to the new pusha t album 
"it would seem so. . ." diane mumbled softly, or a gazing towards the male, hands fumbling with each other. he could obviously tell she was nervous. she hadn't seen him since the. . . she shook her head of the thought. years visibly had their effect, being of similar age. … 
just for a example i see no reason to keep shipping the reylo thing. given all that has now happened in the two films there. in but you know what i wont step on some ones buzz. just because i think it does not work i dont ever want to be stuck in my own bubble. love or hate wyw 
yea don't watch ms 13 or the illegal are all the killing or drugs in houston!! @ dloesch yea that's a #1 target !! i got a 1000 says pc is a dem! just shooting from the … 
“i know that we could leave our love in ruins or maybe we should both be unafraid” 
@ inzayn or do something to take down the shitty ones that are clearly left on purpose :/ … 
if we only talk when i see you out in public or at the club we not really friends lol just saying 
i have it off. is it off or on by default? 
may is myalgic encephalomyelitis (m.e.) awareness month. you can help by re-tweeting and/or liking this image. day #26 #myalgice #myalgicencephalomyelitis 
you are both antifa. i wouldn't expect you to agree with me or consider other points of view. 
/ i can't deal with people like this "hey you gotta be like...online everyday!!" no, i've got other things to do. i get busy, i get tired, sometimes i'm not in the mood. i take my writing seriously & if i'm feeling ill or whatever then i am not giving my 100%. its either wait -> 
i drew a bmx bike and i was doing sick tricks and i get no sleep or if i sleep 10 hours a night, i always feel tired 
which are your favorite van halen tracks? van halen’s me wise magic or can't get this stuff no more? #vanhalen 
we always welcome new or experienced dancers and musicians we pride ourselves on being a friendly side. #highpeak #derbyshire #dance @ powderkegsdance 1096 … via @ alderbyshireg 
these morris men have been dancing for over 40 years and their still not tired. join them as a dancer or musician! @ chapelmorrismen #derbyshire #dancing #chapelenlefrith 6300 … via @ alderbyshireg 
why only fiction ? why not mythology or ecology 
hi have a great day or night wherever you are 
i don’t think ren and snoke are sith since they didn’t have sith teachers, they are just dark side users or are telling themselves they are siths, but none of them have darth in front of their names so there’s that. 
i heard something and wanted to share. "you can't choose the hand that god has dealt you and either glorify him or waste his gifts. it is what you do with it that matters." 
this is pretty deep.....to hate people this much to say "look we don't even want your money or your jobs here in this country, beat it" … 
i am waiting for that (glorious) day, when a nigeria politicians, be it at lg, state or national assembly level would voluntarily declare to not seek re-election. that will be renaissance, genuine rebirth!!! … 
apparently they will also have to block all of europe or pay a fine. it's interesting and our new era needs to be questioned and fought against. 
gene partner. and stop stealing my mediterranean or asian matches black guy. 
@ elonmusk hey elon, are you sleeping or what?! please pick up the phone, we have urgent situation in gigafactory! 
i have no freaking energy to even try to feel good about myself or anyone else at the moment 
i liked a @ youtube video eos - is a delay imminent, or will buggy software be released on mainnet? 
it's ok though dude we we're all lied to in health class, i used to believe the same as you. we we're all mislead into believing that we all have an equal risk of getting aids or hiv, but that's just 100% statically inaccurate. 
when your tongue go numb you know it’s love or drugs 
need help. can't sell shirts or bags to save our lives. trying to keep the doors open so we can continue to help for free.... support! here's the link: … 
going live! hurry over! or 
liberal media already has the headlines lined up. "trump presence hampering rescue logistics" or "trump doesn't care enough to visit gulf coast". … 
1. it's a woman's body. 2. we live in a patriarchy, men are often still "the head of the households" and often get final say in decisions. 3. you're saying there wld be situations where a man could force a woman to abort or force her to carry and birth a child she doesn't want? 
a distinct early whiff or it could be our year.... … 
@ krystleitara welcome to domino’s tweet ordering! tweet #easyorder or to @ dominos to start placing your easy order [19:59:58 edt] 
i’m not hating we used to do what the warriors been doing to y’all back in the day but just in the second or first round 
right, and any analysis of economics, scientific or otherwise, requires the assumption that humans act. 
or, both. we all know bob had some black in him. how else did he get his hair? 
@ zacefron #zacefron not normally a body person, anyone can get a toned or muscular body if they work for it, but with that face and body = my perfection 
would you rather wear flip flops with socks or boots without socks? — boots without socks … 
anywhere in houston or san antonio have a show july 11/12th? 
poll: over the next 48 hours, will $ btc go #bullish or #bearish? current: 7,330 $ eth $ ltc $ xmr $ ada $ neo $ xlm $ eos $ xrp $ ast $ nano $ nem $ icn $ ncash $ iota $ dash $ tron $ trx $ lsk $ ven $ etc $ icn $ qtum $ btg $ xrb $ ppt $ zec $ omg $ bnb $ xvg $ ada $ snt $ sc $ strat $ bts $ kcs $ aug $ zrx 
once a scammer always a scammer and you never even made me a thumbnail or anything for free like gg 
confused: when the conductor says that (for example) “the f-train is running along the q-train track this weekend,” does that mean that it’s actually a q-train? or does it have an inherent f-ness that can’t be eradicated by its occupation of q-ness in all but name? 
if you are a #ccm doc @ caepc4 or @ cancaresociety or on the @ cccforum or @ cancritcarerev pls rt and fill out the survey sent by our clinical director @ critcaresociety dr. dominique piquette 
am i your dad or something 
and what's misogynistic about it is that this decision has nothing to do with you. you're a man. you don't have to risk your life, mental health, or well-being by carrying a fetus or delivering a baby. until you can, sit down and keep your mouth shut. 
is the #evjunction a pop-up space or is it always there? missed this one today :( 
i’m not sure what kind of help you may be referring to here but that’s besides the point. he’s not just relying on you. he’s relying on people who are supposed to be his friends. either you are one of those, you aren’t or you don’t really want to be. choose a position and stay. 
that time a girl liked a pic of me and graham then followed him on insta and before he got a chance to accept or decline her request she had messaged him “what’s up x” … 
allison, fekir, neves, dembele or pulisic 
it's either organic / no-gmo and farmed, or it's wild ! 
what does love look like? we spend a half-hour or so looking at that question. 
something something egypt something something evil spirits something something cards am i describing stardust crusaders, or yu-gi-oh? 
i want a fucking knights gauntlet. or red vs green. 
no more excuses for her. or for any of them. #itsonpurpose 
either the pain will end or i, myself will end, but it's soothing to know that there will be an ending 
i can’t tell if you’re serious or not because i wasn’t haha 
your father is pulling children out of the arms of their parents....and you have the balls to post a picture holding your child. how insensitive are you? or is that you're just as ignorant as 45. 
@ megatjp cleveland or boston? 
post or pre schrute wedding ? ? ? 
what do you think of american accents ? turn on or turn off — … 
the lady is either hanging with black people or just laying on the beach with them super close. she’d know she’d lose an incredible amount of favorability with the onlookers/supporters if she dropped the n bomb. 
i’ll draw a variant cover or crossover with new zealand’s supernatural “the almighty johnsons” 
i need a drink or two 
back home safe and sound and although señorito stiffler didn’t sleep at all, he was super well behaved and enjoyed the flight! “he is so good” a passenger said and i couldn’t be prouder (or more relief ) #travel 
streaming either edge of tomorrow (2014) or devil (2010), simpsons is only a maybe due to time constraints, but will be live here in 10 … 
are you retired or active military? did you… … 
most of y'all don't even acknowledge being mexican until el dia de la independencia or el mundial lmaoo … 
yeah i've said the same about lallana, we also have i'd out until oct/nov, suppose klopp will more or less write him off as a regular until new year with a lack of conditioning, so yeah lallana probs stays. 
oh no this does not apply with table games or machines haha 
mr. president, we don’t need a new yorker telling californians how to improve our state. we already made a huge mistake with nunes, that i trust will be voted out or down, when dems takeover the house!! 
gucci flipflops or pink??.. sara call mine jesus shoes lol.. yep it was a fun kinda day 
well u cant say islands u missing alot of em and u neva met women from skb or nevis and vi woman dem u gon learn … 
you jealous or something? 
i only get thirsty an maybe an hour or two before iftar and i drink like a camel 
me having a phone is useless i don’t text no one or snap anyone so i’m thinking about letting this bitch turn off 
arrest this man. in 2018, men are not allowed or permitted to show any form of interest or affection toward women. where's the consistency? one man touches the shoulder of a colleague and is shamed, arrested et al. then this occurrs and no-one bats an eye lid. outrage i say. … 
obviously not everyone agrees or we wouldn't have to ask … 
lol guys i’m sorry but exams are swallowing me. whole. i need a drink or 7 
all i get is the run around on how it’s supposedly a glitch or a power outage. ridiculous. 
i’m no fan of political correctness however, & anybody who knows me will laugh their ass off, there is discretion. roseanne’s show was always in the crosshairs of those searching for any excuse (real or imagined) to attack. sadly, she gave the network an excuse. 
uhmmmm it don’t work like that orrr or or or is there diff gay rules?? 
debating on whether or not i should order a pizza. 
is this fic in wattpad or ao3? 
no one ever accused roseanne or @ donaldjtrumpjr of being intelligent. not sure who is more stupid but it's a race to the 
i’d say hi and wish all the blessings god has in store for you to come through with no more hinderance or delays. 
the baby was found dead in a diaper box near the house and the mom was arrested or is a suspect. 
ejjj you went too far. who are you to tell me what should i do? are you some kind of professor or history techer? thank you i dont need it. low mind person... 
nfl players quietly and respectfully kneeling in protest of violent & negative treatment towards people of color by law enforcement & others treating them as less than their white counterparts roseanne=racist hate filled tweets how is this hypocrisy or even relatively similar? 
from : city of mesa new bid opportunity: 2018 or newer light duty 3/4-ton pickup trucks 
it's a good time for ppl to download the startracker app or sumn. the full moon isn't in sag. it's in ophiuchus. just use the app 
we live in a land of laws? you mean laws only matter if you're conservative? tell us, oh brilliant one, why should we listen to your take? going to push for hrc's indictment based on break laws that avg. joe would get indicted & sent to prison for or are you just saying words? 
but yep the apes were superior and was shocked when one of the astronauts spoke or wrote down words 
it's a culture of totalitarianism and groupthink. if you go against this then you are labeled "problematic". people aren't allowed to make jokes anymore. you have to constantly walk on eggshells or else you might find your entire life ruined in the name of protecting fee-fees. 
planning to travel? should your pet stay or go? #travel 
mid wont work... baka as sub and jorginho or seri alongside fekir and kante ... dembele (barca) -icardi-hazard .. 
what happens if he just forgets whether he is or isn’t imposing tariffs from one speech to another? mr pres., matlock’s not real, so you can’t hire him.. roseanne is free now so yes, she can be your new press secretary.. 
na, wouldn't trust that duterte is still in the right mind. that's being kind. no president will brazenly protect a crook in his own cabinet & call corruption sheer good luck of his crony. how does he make clean people in govt feel? or any decent, hardworking filipino? tangina. 
it's white, not golden brown, when de-panned. i don't know how it cuts or tastes yet. but i did use a softer flour this time and a tad less cream of tartar. husbo told me not to worry about it. how does he think great food happens? by not worrying about it? 
does oregon have 4 seasons? i think i'm ready for a spring or autumn. 
probably too tame. or i was just too busy. last two years have been crazy for me life-wise. oh, there was all that time i spent looking into ice giants and planets. also destroying a planet, like, what it would take to destroy the earth. i'm not an evil villain, i swear. 
then don't watch. nobody gives a crap if you do or don't 
obey me, or feel the hammer of justice! 
yup… it's hard to understand what popular means (or rather, to what extent its meaning is significant) in a world of balkanized echo chambers, i guess. 
@ renoomokri , have you heard this, what's your take? this is the first time they would go on national representation without having money or allowance issues. kindly share your opinion on the matter. thanks. … 
good for you !! i can’t watch an entire episode in one day cause i would get distracted or i would get sleepy 
is this dude trying to grow a beard badly or just too lazy to maintain half decent grooming standards? 
ncaa tourney or bust!! 
you really think they care about innocent children or is this just another excuse to act racist 
eh. once or twice. 
that’s probably partly because i’ve never had a “murder hobo” group or anything like that, and i have a low-rules preference for social stuff. i’ll check out those games, though, and see what i’m missing. 
nfl player: 'we won't allow the nfl or trump to bully us' | breitbart … via @ breitbartnews 
once again, it doesn’t fucking matter on how much followers you have to be considered important or “better” than others, all that matters is if your a good hearted person inside and on the outside . 
and if people like the way he talks then why r they offended if jay z or whomever says the same things? 
some app the camp developed or something of the sort. 
ionno who my friends or my enemies but i know who my family is. 
remove the humanely part and he sounds a lot like the taliban or isis members . 
life goes on.. with or without you. 
you're not getting the point, none of those things mean that igbos are ashamed of their language. it doesn't matter if an igbo person rules or not 
is this the most soft dog or what?: via @ youtube 
hahah yeah i checked the reviews and they’re either like this is amazing or this rwview hidden due to spoilers (i assume in ref to the plot points that bother me) 
a hawk + kara collaboration. photo by hawk, heartistic tweaks by moi. so grey here the last few days that i just want to jump into oversaturated color! and some sun would be great. or, well, more sun than just the few break thrus now and again. su… 
playita or whatever it is hahaha 
oh geez. that does not look good at all for trevor harris, or the redblacks. not good at all. #cfl 
the many virtues of exercising . also to increase mithochondrial function one can aslo take pau d' arco as a precursor of nad+ or alternatively take nicotinamide riboside … 
technically the governor appoints the officers who then organize the citizens who bring their own firearms which should be well regulated. not the same as the guard or reserves which are part of the standing army. 
no movies or tv drama series either. 
instead of blaming @ potus or @ barackobama for current immigration laws, why doesn't @ iamsambee and @ sally_field take their fat, white, privileged asses down to the border and help these poor people. 
i think you or i would have left one. so we have that for solace. 
surprised on why jamal@is not on the no fly listing or have is passports confiscated. and what about the arrest warrant? issued ? 
i feel sorry for them; they were played. what wld i say to them? that they're wrong - ppl are ppl, and they have no more right to belittle, oppress, or kill them than others have to do such things to them. 
it is kind of amazing to me that not one person has put in a bid or purchased a raffle ticket to win a chance to witness history. here are the tickets. we aren't pulling any scam. all proceeds benefit @ parr_ottb. details on bidding/buying are here: 
or he will be another jd martinez hitting 18 hrs on the team were playing this weekend. 
ain’t no substitution for the truth, either it is or it isn’t. 
going live shortly! playing ffxiv! doing dungeons and such! hope everyone will stop by and chat, have fun or even lurk! #rnsgc 
well i personally think it is dumb to taunt someone you can not guard or stop or outscore. that is what the original tweet was about and i agree 
hawaii warns residents in path of lava: get out now or face arrest … 
but who is that? is she part of his team or? 
dan, here are some more hits in the #jeopardydrinkinggame. when alex speaks french. when alex raps. when the category is canada or the answer is canadian. #jeopardy 
the same things i used to look down on other people for participating in or doing, happened in my life so be careful with the words you utter bc karma is real 
ha. maybe if you have testosterone you'd take problem more seriously. try testosterone injections for a while then tell me how you feel about sex. good luck getting 20-year old guys to act like old man or woman. delusional. 
black ops 4 giveaway chat for details | 570+ total wins come help me grow or … 
new 12x24 garage just in at our elberton location. please call or text 864-392-3167 for more details or to place your order 
streaming simpsons then either pitch black (2000), liquid sky (1982), or falling down (1993) here in 10 … 
my uncle be asking me to go to his wife's zumba classes to see all ladies in there. i believe everything he says about them women being thick. he knows i be on some nigga shit but i don't want to embarrass him or his wife 
[dense fog advisory] a dense fog advisory is in effect for the south coast, cape and islands into saturday morning. visibility will be reduced to one quarter of a mile or less at times. drive with extra caution. 
please ‘stop judging’ whether yourself or others focus on your business onlyyyyyyyyy 
can we verify @ avxry please @ verified @ twitter this needs to happen or he will sauce your god damn nan. nerds. 
just a little warning that my race team, momiji racing team still has open positions! the members so far are: @mrt_tamamo (me) @ snappyclubplays @ pullmay @mawia_chan and gus, which seems to not have twitter, or at least i don't have it. his psn is "bertasvo". 
the economy has changed. it would be wonderful if baby boomers could appreciate that and not get defensive about progress that is coming wether you like it or not. 
me: yo! you got $20 on you? her: yes me: good, cause you takin me to applebee's whether you like it or not. 
opened street or sidewalk cleaning request via iphone at 2247 mission st . trash bag on 
sana could be a ravenclaw, too. she seems like the most open-minded. tzuyu is either a ravenclaw or a slytherin bc she's witty but she uses her wit in things like savage remarks and stuffs. 
that or fritos bean dip 
something is telling me this game might have a little bite, but i have no idea why going to say 2-1 mexico or a draw this is a good warm up game, regardless what the majority think #eltrieng 
would you rather be barren for life or be gang raped and still be able to give birth? … 
last night, someone who'd just met me told me i had "great energy." after the dark energy in my head the last year or so, this was the greatest compliment i could get <3 
central or eastern? 
pusha’s wife fool or i think fiancée 
raise your kids or someone else will. #protip … 
its sunday that means bexana content and for love or for money updates today god bless sunday 
you can never leave your stuff at home without it being moved, misplaced, or broken .. … 
moss has no clue about sports. winning also brings more value to your players come trading deadline. does he want to get better or worse? we get better if we can get back prospects for martin, fiers, liriano, greene, iggy. if they suck, we get nothing. also, winning is exciting 
cooky omg kabsjasbakanj or anything i just want one to hug while i sleep 
artists can submit videos, songs, or mixtapes/albums to be reviewed by jaywan inc. and over 500,000+ fans at the daily grind: 
well there’s gloria’s if u feel like going the distance or there’s phoenix lounge on chelsea avenue and there’s white bones 
come @ speakerryan. show us you care enough to put lives over political donations. it's about demonstrating whether or not you have integrity. … 
or i can be the unicorn! you be the gorgeous rainbow!!! 
i could have done that too, i could have sold my words and fed my soul with just a bunch of joy whilst others parish and i would feel a little a more 4 u ; instead i am back to conquer rome and paris, and then give it back, but yall not so ready.. or are yall? show me. shadows. 
why have i been shadow banned? i don’t get a notification when someone mentions me but i do when someone likes or retweets something 
the thought had crossed my mind a time or two. 
so far tonight i’ve been judged by how i like to dress and the fact i’m not in college or have a job at the moment... love it 
i beat ganon too early, but i almost never replay games; i may never see the two divine beasts i didn't get to or even finish the photo album 
worst at bat or the weekend? 
when ppl block or unfollow him bots show up to fill in his #'s. he actually has no clue when that happens-it's done by his handlers. 
lol i’m a dumbass. *deleted tweet* is it just you apartment or is it the area? 
that explains why he was not in lineup or even warming up in indy for the railriders game today. … 
sometimes i get so caught up in my head, i forget about the people around me, but it doesn't mean i'm upset or angry. my thoughts just consume me. 
idk what's better. my joke or the iconic colorful dps omg … 
not one mention of zak or lisa in the lochlan killer spoilers. so should be safe 
good things come to those who wait. i mean just look at meeks, 6th round pick, he did his waiting in college getting no snaps or yards.... 
i doubt j prince gonna stop promoting or protecting drake if he go against him on this...plus if he do drake can hire his own shooters. this nigga came for ya fam...he not even related to j prince. 
when you shaved your legs and then later discover a big ass patch or line you missed <<< 
i’m confused if this is meant to be a patrotiotic pakistani account or a parody account 
where's the dumbass pirate asking for proof of this claim? when agents/ officers are off duty, we have no way of knowing who they are, or if they're carrying. 
do not sexualize minors or non minors in general! it’s disgusting!! 
still for sale!! lookin for a trade, dirt bike 150 and up, or $1000 cash takes it. need this thing gone … 
in full agreement - i see the struggle with our teachers- lesson design and inquiry are key. i often ask them which is more important process or product - trick question- they are both important/balance is essential. 
spaghetti and meatballs + #whyxlost (or in this case won) = great sunday night #notkalishmath @ davidbloomberg @ jessicalewis89 
every time i casually talk about someone i end up running into them or they reach out to me in some way, never fails. my magnetic force is on point 
50/50 chance i either drove away with my phone on my car or some bum ass stole it. either way fawk thisss 
that’s scripture, it could be more or less... i said be prepared to die, everyone and anybody.. old or young. europe don’t think you’re comfy like we can’t move tectonic plates around 
finally upgrading my phone! getting the galaxy s9 either wednesday or thursday. \o/ 
can we get a @ deadendhiphop discussion on everybody's top 5 or 10 video games of all time?? 
you’re not allowed to be around me because you disagree, this is partisan era. i only like or want to be around people that agree with me. i am not equipped and too weak minded to debate, but if i must i’ll bring you all the superlatives until you leave me alone. 
i find that if i don’t read outside of our discipline, or a current project, i begin to harbor feelings of contempt. 
old people love b'day and/or 4 because my mom is bopping to the beyoncé experience at this moment 
rip, everything is either acoustic or piano... 
not only will a facebook algorithm decide for us what is real or fake, smart phones can prioritize the same data for design decisions, ui, how other companies interact with them, etc. we end up vulnerable culturally and morally because we’re not making informed decisions anymore. 
@ jokes4lifex when do you think rb world 3 should be released, this month, this week, or maybe some time in the summer? 
well.... looks like the next kiss tour will be a three year tour. works me as long as they either come to greeley, denver or cheyenne 
you are way off base. i don't recall anyone being arrested for not standing. if you don't respect our flag or our anthem, and what they stand for, than it's likely you don't respect our whitehouse and what it stands for, because they are one and the same. so stay out. 
the evolution or devolution of #trump's political thought. the art of the self pardon, a totally new institution that he has invented to ensure lack of accountability. interesting line of reasoning, as following impeachment and conviction, the president would be removed 
#bots #troll #racismmustfall be aware and don't fall for everything you see or hear. … 
i lived many years in high desert oregon; really developed a love for salmon. we caught it so fresh in columbia river or had it fresh smoked near coast. i could eat it every day in some form or other. wonderful it is so good for us 
they are so perfect..no one can match their chemistry !!!! can’t explain it or understand it!!!! … 
what actor played their character so well that you can’t watch them in any other show or movie without seeing that character? — brent spiner. he'll always be 'data' to me, no matter what role he plays. … 
rich people are the stupidest and least hard working of all the classes. our society would lose no greatness or ability by taking away their money and redistributing it. 
all in all the goal of so-called "bathroom bills" is this: conservatives (yes, i include terfs in this) petition a bathroom bill in the bullshit cover of "women's safety" or "think of the children" in order to force trans women to use male only restrooms. why? 
is it just me, or was @ cbseveningnews rather graphic in the details of how kate spade was found? right down to the color of the scarf. it felt oddly disrespectful, but i’m not sure why. 
i can’t decide if people who wear pajamas in public have given upon life or are living it to the fullest.... 
i'm not familiar with it, i'm afraid. could you explain or send a link? 
is this shitposting..... or are they being serious? 
@ evanrobertswfan u mentioned 7 runs this morning.. was that 2nite,the series or the week?? 
song of the day bon jovi - wanted dead or alive 
it’s not a huge deal for me bc i wasnt interested in the lahn creation event but i still can’t access the beauty album or screenshot gallery :/ 
ooh ooh, i want to do this too. i liked solo a lot and had fun but i never cared to see the kessel run come to life or needed to know how he got his name. 
should earth remain a member of the solar system, or leave the solar system? yes no #stupidquestionsforaliens 
or maybe a r-rated "hellblazer" with all the swearing, black magic and some of the s.w. manor stuff in it? just a suggestion... 
to starbucks coffee or to not starbucks coffee? 
mr rogers on peace: “what really matters is whether the alphabet is used for the declaration of war or for the description of a sunrise.” 
it’s hard to put a finger on exactly when the hate started. some people live in the past. imho, much of this stares or cane to light during the bho years. the leftist have been trying to create a divided country. united we stand, divided we fall ! cont....... 
@ tmortimerftbl i will be in baku between 7 jun and 14 jun. could you or your followers please recommend any kind of sports event to watch? i'm open to almost literally anything! thanks in advance! 
well i lost it lol that’s why and idk if the dentist has a copy mold or something 
value people in your life who deserves it, don’t give them a cent percent of more value/time/love they are giving to you. or they will left you alone and will ignore you. 
i keep seeing the same handful of tweets on my tl. but not in the same order it’s tripping me out idk if it’s just twitter or if it is just happening. 
for sale -> 2003 #toyotatacoma in #clackamas, or #carsforsale … 
you got me on this no social thing. starting slow. been a week or two without snap and ig it’s hella refreshing lol 
they gone accept me or they not , fuck them . this my world 
bruh my sister thought boo’d up was by sza. but when you think about it sza would have killed boo’d up a remix or something 
what planet do you live on? racist? ask #alicejohnson if that is true. lowest unemployment ever! isis is all but a memory. jobs are coming back. yet you call him a maniac? sounds like you are projecting or just flat lying. grow up. 
prices are subject to, whether this were collected same day or not. had this been the case and collection/purchase made before the price change, there would be no need for this conversation. as it was not, there is simply nothing we can do. 
they don't give a fuck about nothing or nobody but themselves. they selfish af and trifling as fuck!! 
under @ bradlander's proposed legislation, this vehicle could have been booted or impounded due to its 6 camera violations from march 30, 2015 to february 22, 2016. 
an awesome or should i say outta this world. drawing of #theorville cast. great skills robert... what do you all think? - … 
or is he? our boy gets thirsty when he’s overseas 
also, is it just me or did charlie kkkirk get a cool guy carwash makeover? 
he's a model and a poser. he likes to be admired. not picked up or cuddled, just centre of attention at all times 
clearly mark u did not read the thread or any of his threads. if you had u would not have sent that. the "bullshit" sources are the actual text messages & emails they sent back and forth u dumdum. sorry but ignorance may be bliss but its also embarrassing. wake up space boy! 
side note. be thankful to your streamers you watch. do not harass, put down because they wiped, belittle, or be an ass. be thankful that they chose to stream their progs for you to see. without them you wouldn’t know a shred of what you already know now. so thank them and be nice 
called it. knew bishop was either an abductee or was related to someone who'd been kidnapped 
parking and camera violation tickets for #ny_t659381c, cont'd: 1 | no parking - except hotel loading 1 | inspection sticker expired or missing 1 | no parking - taxi stand 
ugh i know! or those couples who have a joint facebook account. like, why? 
that's hard to do - based on the roster, you basically need to find a taker for one of jv or serge or both powell and miles. with no salary returning (ibaka could return a small ~7m salary). in any case, this all assumes cleveland wants to play along rather than try to keep lbj. 
i’m the type of female that will randomly hype someone up whether i know them or not. i’m just that girl that wants others to know everyone deserves to hear compliment every once in awhile. 
someone said trying to whistle??? or my thought was maybe his hands were cold?? 
some people are just stuck on the need to learn the hard way...brit’s or not. #2a #2ashallnotbeinfringed #americathebeautiful 
i ate a lot of things tempt me to give either a photograph of me or a self portrait 
or the woman invited to the white house. famous for releasing a sextape 
i can not believe i woke up this early for either jennie or lisa's teaser omg 
how do you even let yourself get this high maintenance as a person?? seriously how little self awareness can you possibly have - or how awful do you have to be - that you get to the point where you think this is okay? … 
i read this and had to share it..... how can i make everybody in the world go vegan and stop animals from getting hurt or killed? katie cummins katie cummins, likes to write updated aug 21 2017 well first of all,... … 
i’m assuming it will probably have a slight taste of either or 
let's see if the #caps win their first #stanleycup or if vegas forces a game six. like to see the former though. 
and the one route that really kinda works for me, bus or redline to the blueline. but the blueline usually ends up being a traveling adventure especially later in the evening. with blueline cars stopping & going out of service & then catching another 1 to continue back to la. 
i have had 2 days worth of bad problems not just for me either for ppl i know and care about i think i must of been cursed or something ugh 
"poor putin" is unnecessary invective 2characterize skepticism about your motives for how you chose to present this. given americans aren't exactly known for honesty, integrity, or non-violence, you should probably ask yourself how your editorial choices look in that context. 
do you sigh or get butterflies when i facetime with my butters smile 
good luck !!! share notes ? or live tweets? 
editing a video at the last minute instead of the day or days before but i mostly got over that by taking a 2 day break to just edit but now e3 is here i need 7 videos done to be able to keep up on those 5 days & i'm short & lacking variety from my current selection of videos. 
"how you like your eggs? fried or fertilized" 
who is the justice department really trying to help? real justice or the justice dept? if one stays alive the other will stay alive. if one dies... … 
either i'm reeeeeally tired and not noticing some kind of typo i made (which is possible) or @ wowhead's search algorithm is a little... 
it’s on either fox sports radio farmington (1340 am) or vertical radio (88.9 fm) 
i'm not in the uk or i would. … 
nice try paul. she was already well known in her city as an mc and she wasn’t in a rap group with wayne or drake, unlike camilla, which automatically gave her a fan base. next caller 
this is one of the best damn interviews i’ve ever heard or experienced in my life! thank you so much for being my inspiration! … 
or is it ivanka’s company?? 
see? you’ve prayed more than you thought! last time i spoke to jesus he told me to watch my mouth. i don’t know how the armadillo, the motorcycle or i survived that high speed speed-bump, but i thanked him for checking in anyway. 
sex dont mean nothing dick get hard for anybody. a nigga can be deep inside you & still not feel you. stop bragging on how many times you fucked a nigga & count how many times that nigga been there for you when shit got rough or held you up when you was outta place 
i don't know if i should be insulted or loved. 
i mean..... they’re severely lacking resources to properly analyze the validity of the claims. for example, they have no emotional intelligence or cognizance of the adverse impact they have on us and themselves. so they have a few hurdles to get over before they have a chance 
it’s either some self-congratulatory twitter marketing or the start of an elaboratedly themed series of murders. 
if you or someone you know is experiencing an emotional crisis, to include suicidal thoughts, please call 1-800-273-8255. don’t feel like talking on the phone? text the word connect to 741741. 
maaaan what happened to good customer service? it’s missing in almost every aspect! people just don’t get it #customerservice will make or break your brand or business 
i am not exquisitely beautiful my words are far from rhyme i am not overly confident or really confident at all. i make mistakes, i apologize often i explain myself all the time i am not exquisitely beautiful i am not her 
can we lower the drinking age for military members or what 
& you aren’t alone b! i’m a phone call or text away ! 
it is obvious that nichole wallace has never listened to @ ivankatrump or @ flotus both are extremely smart and well spoken. it’s a shame that a female reporter disrespects two of the finest women around. if they were on 5th ave shopping they would be geniuses to her. 
nick is in the top 20 in the world in kills for all platforms (pc included) and has won thousands of dollars in tournaments and you don’t think he could hang in console... are you drunk? or are you not reading what you’re writing? 
that's ok, but rest up whenever you get the time. keeping a healthy body is important for everyone, youtube celebrity or not. 
depending on your political point of view, trump could be brandishing a blade of defiance against the status quo, or being a complete dickhead ruining a lifetime of international alliances to make him look big. … 
samsung galaxy s8 for parts or not broken lcd and bad esn 
so here's s story i rode the bus in la the otherday as to the oldblackman who sat and sipped on his "johnniewalker red" miniature bottle as he was returning home from his job of "34yrs"...giving gospel to all those onboardmost people ignore him or i'msure thought he was crazy 
my sticking point its the moral code they use to make moral judgements, its doesn't exist. there's no explained premise why an animal has equal or greater rights than a human. no deep explaination why personhood should be attached to animals. if you ask the bigot card is coming 
you've been told so many times that comparing local proxy data to hemispheric proxy reconstructions isn't valid that i begin to have difficulty ruling out incidental ignorance or stupidity as explanations for why you persist in doing it, mini me. 
song or not i got the munchies now tf 
i know, at least say due to circumstances out of their control or something. everything has to be so dam secret with this company. 
listen. i am not here to kill you or fight you alright. 
it’s sad how she feels “awkward” like her being uncomfortable or not having her nails finished actually matters when someone is literally being ripped from their home and having their life turned upside down... but it’s “awkward” for her. i hate this bitch. 
sometimes i just get that urge to stab myself so either i need a piercing or a tattoo asap 
dont wanna judge or anything, but i just saw a guy on a lap around the block walking a cat in his arms like it was a baby. then he stopped to look down at it and comfort it more. 
new website for reflections of grace outreach ministries inc. you're invited to view it and provide feedback or words of encouragement. we are thinking innovatively, but with very traditional values and teachings. 
if you are karl asking for help with contact doors, your email is bouncing - please ping me on twitter or try another email so i can assist! 
i’m failing to see what your point is? if they were not british citizens then why would they be allowed to vote in a uk referendum. i’m not allowed to vote in france, spain, germany or any other eu country. i’m still an eu citizen at the moment. 
maybe if they dipped the broccoli in chocolate? or deep fried it? 
we sprinkle cow urin in the house with the help of mango leaves to al rooms to dis infect germs or remove bad devils present in the house. this good old days traditional we still fallow. this practice followed all hindus irr respect of belief or no belief simply fallow … 
first, ppl can post whatever they want. if you have an issue with whatever someone posts on their acct, you can mute, unfollow, block or simply ignore. don't be rude to others. 
arms be bout to fall tf awff rt @ nepri_jamesss: i want it to be known that doing your natural hair and slicking it into some type of bun or ponytail is literally a full workout. 
i wonder if sekiro will have a customization mc or not. 
i accidentally made one of my coworkers cry today. not with anything i said or did, but b/c 75% of the time, my subordinates perform out of their desire to impress me. so this one started getting overwhelmed on bar and i stepped in to help & she thought it meant she failed. 
all of these kids in “bands” or make music let that shit get to their heads wayyy to quickly hahaha 
these slavs could keep making all the games imo. american studios are mostly dead or moved to north to tax haven canada. 
i do get you, 10 or 12 years ago it was the festival and seemed a bit dangerous. was probably quite the experience.. 
go to jail or wait for hanging to get voted in,all anc bosses steal, it is political+ they get protected. 
hoshi isnt here to joke or play “take them out without even a teaser” that’s us dying from the performance when we got no warning “you worry about paying for the food now give it away this is out year” ohohohohohohoh cr @/17s_diary_en !! 
see, when i look at my account on my phone its still telling me only just over 7,000 tweets, like it was doing on here before the 120 or so came back. where did they go, and why, and why arent they back on my phone? 
this is the last night of st. gabriel's fesitval! come out to see disco inferno and buy a raffle ticket! parlay a $5.00 raffle ticket to a new car or jeep lease or $20,000! in just 1.5 hours away, fr. fred... … 
whether or not a person returns a shopping cart tells me everything i ever needed to know about them. 
i thank jesus for wisdom, experience and maturity. i'm not really sure if they're the same thing or different strains of patience...but either way. i'm thankful for them all. 
and if something had happened to me tonight you bet your ass it would be my fault. because i was stretching in a way that was "too sexy". because i made eye contact. or for any other motherfucking reason possible. why didn't she say no? because no doesnt cut it anymore. 
after a while, i ran out of name for my cds, soni starting writing stuff like “ur mother!”, or just write the date. glad i put the date on some. 
that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it... 
do you follow carto or anyone, he has stated on his streams for the past month about the plans! 
also why does every "post-grunge" song sound like a drunk white man's bitter, self-pitying voicemail to his ex or estranged family member 
pics or it didn’t happen 
lol, listen to all of you justifying the fact that someone you blindly stood up for and praised her intelligence and perspective literally a week ago admitted she was wrong. you just say she’s either crazy, or facetious, or misinformed now that she no longer agrees. pathetic 
right. simply delivering risk information is not enough to drive behavior change - regardless if its genetic risk or other type of risk information. need to learn how best to deliver that information to engage, enable, and motivate change. 
here's waht "news week" says about larry kudlow's words on cnn. i say, trudeau is not responable for what trump sas or soes while with kim jong un. it's all on trumps stupid shoulders. … 
nobody slap this nigga get that shit straight! just went there. you niggas shoo shoo niggas! so what he lying or you lying? 
and with the official loss of net neutrality, i see less and less that can be fixed or stopped as the days go by. fuck america. fuck its people for ruining what could've been a half-way decent idea, up until we starting fucking natives over. 
@ primeelebron do you even know who lebron played in 07 to get to the finals or do you just blindly follow lebron. he beat a pathetic wizards team, a .500 nets team, and a pistons team without ben wallace. wow. 
download gummy pop now from apple app store or google play store for free! 
one of them is literally a ps+ game this month. not sure if it’s the most recent one or a game back 
you don’t whiskey or pickle juice??!! 
im sick in bed with a cinnamon roll on the side or is that just a game like the sims r something 
our safety is in the hands of a man who can neither spell missile or stopped. kiss your loved ones goodbye. … 
i realize @ cortessteve is paid to fluff trump but i’ve never seen that much ass-kissing outside a pornography store (or inside one, for that matter) 
• " whether it's right or wrong , people will sacrifice their integrity , loyalty & morals for a quick come up - there's ways of doin' it w. out compromisin' who you are as person ... stay solid " - @ ceddyjay_ #raaaquotes 
@ fastestcar on @ netflix is fuckin remedial... these ain't real sleeper cars bitch. u can clearly tell they're fast. either find real sleeper cars or call them something else 
honestly i don't believe that neither' models nor supporters realize the stress that they put on them selves as a community & that is from both perspectives! im convinced that even being financially capable all ready or supportively could suffice being % emotionally 
20 or 30 before we say it's *too* much. 
no movement is perfect, but #metoo gives a platform to so many women (and men) that have been silenced or shamed by society because of the nature of what happened to them. these conversations are important and should continue to happen. 
i read that they did get they're guns back back some 10 yrs. later or something. was that wrong? still no guns in australia? 
trailwork tuesday june 12th some shaping and tuning where needed, flood control, shenanigans and whatever other fun stuff we can find. meet at the shelter in the main parking lot around 5:50pm, we leave promptly or shortly after 6pm.... 
sum guys have misconceptions about dis,they think ladies who dance like babes wodumo @ de club diya ntsha ko bedroom & are wrong,kereya banyana ba dikobo,ba kereke ya postolo or ausies baba quite like thuli madonsela.hey wena!otla botsa bo-malome hore wa nyala this coming weekend 
and. sonic and tails were meant to be in melee but they didn’t make it because time constraints. so maybe in 2018 tails might have his chance to believe in himself and fight next to or fight his best buddy! 
nobody. believes. you. care. do something or shut up about it. it’s your job, if you weren’t aware 
this summer walk your dog early in the morning or at sunset time, don’t forget the floor is too hot for their little paws 
gemini venus, and i always wanted to be a doctor or a lawyer lmaooo 
oh who has that clip - thats totally going in sterling or scully if someone has it? please 
now i get it. i thought he was some kind of flower lover or something... ok, got it. hope in mark, restored. 
gender doesn’t matter liking someone (or what was the ravi quote again) 
2/3: they also voted for the power-hungry jellyfish in #congress who are allowing him to continue destroying democracy because they agree with him. and the folks who could have helped stymie the vote stayed home or voted for someone who would never win. i hate to say it, but... 
is that a canadian brand or german. 
geek-o, nerdy leopard gecko pin/ button/ badge for reptile or video game lovers via @ etsy 
apparently if some at work now says they don't agree or support lgbt, because someone who is brings it up and is openly talking about it and asks people their opinions. that person can just say this person is being homophobic and get them fired? no actual offense on their end 
try listen to asap ferg - plain jane or shabba, i’d be surprised if you don’t like either! and try asap rocky hey big spender, that’s an old banger 
yes. the game will essentially start on fd or smashville and whenever i lose a game, triple-platform stages (all grouped as one bannable selection) are banned 90% of the time. 
@ notrobertdeniro tell me one thing that he has done that you don't like or support he's done more so far since any other president 
“we can either rain check or make plans “ … 
i mean tbh kim all my experiences at raves or in general tell me that you’re right so idk what this chick is on about 
@ barackobama ! when did you ever give a damn about anyone or thing but yourself! lying, thieving, narcissistic, killing hypocrite … 
but the more popular meaning that kids want to be labelled as because they think it's edgy is a perspn who is capable of doing extroverted things but doesnt like it as much, or is very selective to be it in layman's. it's a bit superfluous, and all over the place 
“i’m either saving my money for lip injections or a surfboard” 
i don't care what anyone else thinks or says but this is a fact. jose mourinho will leave manchester united in a much better state than what van gaal and moyes left behind. hate him or like him but this is fact. 
i spent about six months after the election going behind people's facebook posts from truelibertyblog or wtf ever and explaining calmly and factually why they were incorrect. i stopped because it didn't matter, they didn't care about reality. 
@ realdonaldtrump you heard it right here! admitting they are not representing us or america! … 
connect your website or process online through your personal virtual terminal. additional technology and digital invoicing available. no contracts no cancellation fees. for information click or call 866-245-8242 
lord knows i do not wanna workout or eat right lol 
or guntersville how did i miss this?? … 
everytime i see kid the wiz videos or other talented people on subways it's always people sitting there unenthused. if this was detroit everybody on that bitch woulda been hype as hell. … 
some of you may not have enough self respect or maybe your so caught up in how you benefit more than others do in the community off superficial shit that you don't care enough but plz get it together. (damn i sound big mad, but i have a reason so ) 
well, apparently they sway about 50 percent, +-. if media were merely neutral, his ratings would be in the 60’s at least. the media gives him no credit. they under report many of his accomplishments while playing down or outright criticizing major accomplishments! outrageous. 
i'm attending a @ theactionnet event: lunchtime for change -- virtual event for families belong together. rsvp here: … check website for event near you, or participate virtually thursday, june 14th to demand action! 
gray does ethans or the opposite and emma does your makeup and the best team wins 
or an emergency... i guess you would have to hope for a miracle … 
holy crap, dick. the only time i change wfan is when ann gives her golf or tennis updates. your show is like the macy’s fireworks compared to her. hey, is your new book available on amazon? 
let me say this. regardless of one's feelings on @ realcandaceo or @ charliekirk11, this is a pretty dumb argument. i have 2 college degrees - i don't think i could do that touring … 
was he the beast master, or more of a meat baster? thank you, goodnight. 
think about all the superfluous labour which is encompassed by the state or capitalism (money) which could be removed to allow people to follow more individualistic dreams, not what "pays the bills". 
#blackadderbot ask them who they'd rather meet, squadron commander flasheart or the man who cleans out the public toilets in... 1/2 
i don’t agree i observe differently. lol from my eyes sometimes i think people are either afraid of me or not interested what so ever. 
if anyone in my circle has extra tickets to the caleb tribute or ends up having to back out, shoot my friend @ loricidedoom a note … 
i left the church because i knew my options were heaven or hell. i couldn’t see myself spending eternity in heaven with someone who would willingly send me to hell, so i chose hell and left. i still believe i’m going to hell and it keeps me up most nights. 
by the skillful and sustained use of propaganda, one can make a people see even heaven as hell or an extremely wretched life as paradise. adolf hitler 
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: circa 1965 carl art gold filled pin or hat clip. … via @ poshmarkapp #shopmycloset 
i was thinking about doing that tonight but since i have work & a doctors appt in the morning, don’t need to be hung over or gain any more weight 
need a good striker though , a good forward like kasper dolberg or timo werner 
i might even take out the second mirage caller for a second divine hymn or something. 
the soldiers yes. he claims that thousands of people approached him at campaign rallies begging him to bring their sons' remains home. parents of those soldiers. they would be around 99 or older now. how many do you think attended his rallies? 
call your senator and ask him or her to support s. 3036 - keeping families together act - or thank them for cosponsoring it. call every day. it takes two seconds. you can find your senator's contact info at: … 
am i the best or am i the best 
or ravioli, it’s kind of growing on me lol idk 
i seriously don’t know how people can go around smelling like unwashed booty all day like fuck dude go jump in a river or something 
a little girl suicide because of bullying a year ago and this makes me f*cking mad about it. the bullying should have stopped or something. the girl was so precious and a cheerleader. i saw it on the news. the sadder thing is she was the only child. 
they did say they're screened when they're brought in for up to 3 days, but how thoroughly is an open question, and some of the smaller ones won't be talking either because they can't or because trauma prevents them. nor would they all know what to say if they could. 
when reading "should i download that app?" i realized i had never even considered reaching out to developers who create the apps we use. it's an easy way to tell them what you want or need in their app. #parkedtech 
i honestly don't know if i've seen the first incredibles movie or not and even though i have a good long-term memory i don't know why anyone my age would remember anything that happened in a movie they watched over 10 years ago. 
any moderately decent reserved seats in there? or, wait, are usoc matches all-ga? 
i believe he labeled one of his tweets “day 30” so i’m pretty sure he has a calendar on his phone or something 
new music next month or so. 
what am i supposed to say now? i've been here for a year straight while everyone, and i mean everyone, was away for several months or weeks without saying anything. it breaks my heart to see how my daughter's story doesn't continue. i just want to get the first chapter done. 
me if i ever meet zaza or kawhi's uncle … 
i pray god’s justice prevails-his, not doj’s full of too many bureaucrats tied to the shadow gov’t/left and the crooked fbi. in high school i wanted to be fbi. i wouldn’t go near it now. no ethics, morals or patriotism; no idea of selfless service. thank you trey . 
rouse him, and learn the principle of his activity or inactivity. force him to reveal himself, so as to find out his vulnerable spots. 
spotted at @ atlairport! share your best beach ever sightings with me... or, tell me where you're taking your copy this summer! #summerreading 
he had entered your number in broad cast list. just to wish. or just sent the message to all contacts 
“biggest insignificant” but you’re triggered enough by my comments to respond. also, it’s not trolling because you guys get challenged on things or because i banter about teams. spare me the faux outrage. don’t like my tweets? don’t look at them or respond. 
it's taking everything in me not to curl up into a ball and scream. or sob. or both. i have shit to do, brain! 
somewhere i have never travelled,gladly beyond any experience,your eyes have their silence: in your most frail gesture are things which enclose me, or which i cannot touch because they are too near e.e. cummings written for gillovny lol 
don't be the guy who picks othello or it'll be the last time you get invited to your friend's house 
& they better not be doing the nasty . idgaf if they’re married or not .. 
why was he running? why was everything blurry? oh, it’s because he’s crying. but why? everything is confusing. all he knows is that dazai was going to hurt him, or was he? nothing felt right anymore. memories were merely and blur, and all chuuya knew to do was run, and that — 
lol or when they leave and you say “have a good one” and they reply with “yep” like thank you i’ll have a good one too 
speaking of shit weeks...it's shot night! yaaaayyyyy or whatever 
@ marksimoneny please make time for drug crisis discussion crazy drug testing policy puts at risk citizens into unintended choice. do i choose pot (test effective back 30 days) or herion ( test effective back 3 days). wow 
the worst feeling is not knowing if you should wait or give up 
#saveshadowhunters #notourlasthunt please @ freeformtv if you can't afford to produce shadowhunters, air 3b in august then give the rights to a streaming service or network that can. there's no point in holding hostage a show that so many want simply because you can. cruel. 
i don’t know if i want to be cheryl or veronica @ cw_riverdale 
no one in congress or doj has the balls to gi after theae career criminals. we elected trump and “republicans” to drain the swamp! well drain the fu@king swamp! the clock is ticking, act now, or the dems will get away with their crimes forever! … 
goodness everyone has been loving the crackshot or the black knight more 
interesting. personally i think popular music has and always will deteriorate as it gets more and more swallowed up in celebrity culture over time. tho i do think the crop of pop artists we have rn may be better than, say, 5 or 6 years ago 
for safety reasons alone, i have zero problem with multimillion and billionaires living in mansions within gated communities as of now. in a true post currency future, one doesn't own land or a home. shouldn't we start on the communities and housing for the rest of us, right now 
rare opportunity-beachfront 11room b&b or family estate las tunas todos santos … 
i’m trippin or hov talkin bout tune? 
cracks knuckles. police station or not he's about to start swinging -- 
bisexuality is and always has been the attraction to two or more genders bye 
your supporters are brainless idiots like their leader. i am counting the day before you are impeached or you drop dead from your poor diet and lack of exercise ...eat another cheese burger, oh, great orange one! … 
i agree! it should be setup to test every aspect of a players mental capacity and actual skill. or they could play it how it was at the turn of century 1/2” hoc on greens, goats grazing fairways, and bunkers in their natural state-unraked... that would be even better! 
hey john, how many living with you and how many are you an your wife supporting? or is it just stupid bluster? i am pretty sure i know the answer to that. 
right. there will be. halsey said that luna is in love with rosa. but the focus shouldn’t be in their sexuality since that’s not the point of the story anyways. it’s representation in one way or the other. 
dwp minister: “use of the find a job website is not compulsory for claimants of jobseeker’s allowance (jsa) or universal credit (uc)” | frank zola … 
as long as you or ben don’t break the law you won’t be separated. what is so hard about that to understand i believe the left have completely lost their minds. 
i’m starting to learn that networking everywhere you go is such an important factor in you and/or your business being successful. the lady that set up my newest savings account @the bank is about to hire me (hogoholics) to come kill pigs on her land, then her neighbors land 
soo can i still write ihop on my resume or do i have to change it to ihob 
america remains the world's leader therefore building america strong is like building the entire world stronger. regardless of your party, race or color join hands together with mr president trump to make america remain the dream nation and the best country to live in globally. … 
hysteria by def leppard is now playing on breakin' ballz radio! tune in at or download the live365 app! 
do any of you guys have sinus infection or ‘disease’ ???? i needs to ask something 
if anyone is interested in ftb infinity evolved servers or any other minecraft server join 
switzerland did what they had to do to get a tie. when you're looked at as one of the best players, you're going to be marked. play through it or be better. 
i had forgotten about that match. let's hope they're the main, or rosemont will bury roman and jindar. 
and gizelle wouldn't have worn that tax audit shirt to shade karen. none of these women are friends or give a damn about one another from one episode to the next. #rhop 
my parents and i just had the awkward sitcom moment where the waitress brought the check and all three of us reached for it at the same time then all said "no i insist" more or less at the same time 
yo don’t be talking about mr. worldwide ... just cause he’s not on soundcloud or whatever underground site you get your shit from now doesn’t mean he doesn’t put out bangers 
i am not a hipster. i don’t wear chuck taylor shoes, have holes in my jeans or put funky milk in my coffee, let alone drink it with a straw. #factsmatter 
et tu, scaramucci? kelly did not make the law or the federal court order that said in 2015 kids cannot be put with adults in jail. come lillegally, you are a felon and treated accordingly. if they came to a legal port of entry or embassy, they could stay together. 
its the kids fault for being born in shithole countries and not nude models, rusian hookers, playboy bunnies or porn stars. wrong skin color @ flotus @ potus @ gop 
can artistic accomplishment and good parenting co-exist? for father's day, some examples of paternal warmth that remake the image of the remote genius in his study or studio. … 
also leading to either a roman or dean heel turn when seth beats brock. 
i think liberals know a thing or two about separating kids from their parents. they’ve put 50 million dead babies in trash cans. 
then y’all be hanging w. hoes y’all done faught or use to talk about … 
i'll never know what it's like to have a relationship with a barber or stylist, but i imagine it's like the relationship i have with the guys who make my gyros on sundays. 
passing on a solid line or blind corner or sume texting going on i hope texting was not the case but from little i see it's the case 
hope everyone had a great father’s day! my own father up and ditched my sisters and i about ten years ago, for really know reason or explanation, we are adults but it has hurt my girls a lot. i would have taken his passing after a loving relationship better. 
or lozano/pavon/gelson as potentially cheaper alternatives to malcom. 
dog some people are truly fearless. like what does the flight attendant say or do? 
sorry ash, but calum choking me is something that needs to happen before i die or kill myself ha yeet 
i can't stress enough how much i would like to get my skype just fav this or something and i couldn't get it out. 
i think if he was just gay & in closet or just had ru$ in campaign he wouldn’t be this complicit. how about underage boys...that would keep most in line because felony 
twitter's frivolous banning ruled unconscionable! … cal judge ruled that twitter’s policy of banning users “at any time for any reason or for no reason” may constitute an “unconscionable contract”, a lawsuit by jared taylor may proceed... #thebrooksbrown 
first thing you do, is tell your daughter you will support her in whatever choices she makes. listen to what she has to say without being judgmental. ask if she wants to come out in public or keep her transition private. support her choices. 
welcome to all !! or tear down the statue of liberty ! … these #usa gals do not put out any pussy !! for nerds !! says @ safetymentalst pls #rt 
i completely agree with you julia. i think abc presenters do an excellent job and there is fairness in the questions and the people invited. i don’t watch commercial tv or listen to commercial radio because all i hear is the presenters opinion. i prefer expert opinions. 
plus, if any of my mutuals agree with this kind of statement, and/or support xxx regardless of his past actions, you’re getting softblocked. this negative news is only getting me aggravated more, and that could only add to it. 
or they could have just drafted wentz or watson 
two young street urchins i met during one of my usual under bridge ministry now have a business.. i bought grinding machine for one and vulcanising tools for the other.. they now have boys they train.. looks like i wasting food or just preaching, these things mean a lot.. 
who was telling the truth @ comey or mccabe? … 
it really is true. you have to sell your soul to align with or work for @ realdonaldtrump. once you do there is a permanent #taint you can never wash off. it's irreversible. 
isn’t there a call of duty about this type of shit or something … 
doctors say i will never get better or go into remission...i am not giving up, but i want to make others aware. a nap won't help. i am not lazy. i am on meds. i struggle with pain, mobility issues and fatigue every... … 
maybe potus isn’t being served well...or maybe he’s just not mentally well! or probably both! 
alien just means belonging to a foreign country or nation. 
that’s weird but also same i guess. or they go and tell everyone but me lol. 
when best western and/or the gorge poisons your entire group 
sunaina will be there in another week or so, nutan naidu is fine but people cornered him and today nutan did better job, kushal today minus points unnecessary arguing when did mistake, but he needs to be there to fight against samrat / tanish / teju bitch 
any indie studios out there looking for either a narrative writer or qa analyst? i've got a friend i'd highly recommend who's looking right now, hit me up. dm's always open <3 
i don’t care if you’re pro-life or pro-choice, there’s nothing similar about abortion and ripping migrant kids away from their parents... 
just a casual tuesday...or wednesday time zones are weird whatever lmao 
there very well should be. i absolutely agree with that! also there was no outrage when obama did the same or when bill clinton signed the flores agreement 
am i flying to london for rep tour or someone else? cause i cannot believe.... @ taylorswift13 @ taylornation13 … 
do you mean euro 2008 or the 2010 world cup? 
@ destinythegame could you guys please add robes or capes for the titan class? like the one that lord saladin has. thx :) 
you back in jail or just imprisoned in all these tweets come back to haunt you? 
severe thunderstorm 8 miles w of timpas or 21 miles w of la junta moving e at 25 mph. the complex of storms is over a boundary that is moving north, which may cause a weak tornado, hence the tornado tag. large... #cowx … 
word mavens @ reddotscribble and @ amelioratrix, when i write “in my defence”, do i spell it with a c or s? i thought it was s, but in my defense, my computer always autocorrects me 
my answer to is it true that the saas market is a boom in our country, or not? … 
im so nervous for the rize liveshow i don’t know what to expect or how the app works this is going to be a whole mess watch 
i'm all for 'brown' people making a living, and welcome anyone here that want a better life! do you know how many come here legally? we can't take the whole earth in, we need some control over who does! it's not racist or evil no matter you've been told! 
weed = liberals conservatives don't use marijuana for medical or recreational purposes … 
the color of someone’s skin or the origin of their nationality is not a factor as to how you should treat them. period. 
there’s a lot of debate over what qualifies and what makes overlap but pan: sexual attraction occurs regardless of gender bisexual: sexual attraction occurs towards two (in some definitions “two or more”) genders. this can be any combination of genders. 
somebody buy me an apple watch. or go half on it lol 
boosters are made from hemp or bamboo and add extra absorbency for overnight use or if your baby is a heavy wetter. they are laid flat along the length of the nappy, or folded over to target absorbency at the front for a boy or between the legs for a girl. 
review by: mary anne mousecalls responds to questions or problems very quickly.. always helpful. thanks for the grea 
attn speakers of spanish or any latin american indigenous languages ~ i got an email asking for volunteers for the following: 
he is so desperately over the top with they way he speaks, his emotions, etc. ps this is the first thing i responded after 4 days with no internet connection or way to access humanity. 
“white people who are quiet about #racism might not plant the seed, but their silence is sunlight... inequality would disappear by next friday if every white person in america used his or her #privilege to eliminate … 
warning! please do not consider this man or his wife to be heroes or champions of human rights. it took weeks for either donald trump or melania trump to condemn this practice. ever heard the saying too little too... … 
i do not show a query from a first name bonnie or last name clark. did you submit under another name? if not, please re-try. 
i encourage everyone who has dealt or continues to deal with self-loathing due to their bodies to read this book. actually lahat dapat basahin to e para magets niyo consequences ng fat-shaming. 
elisa cummings either isn't smart enough to figure out twitter, or only wants his opinion heard--none the less, he has become just a big crybaby & has no real interest in fixing the illegal immigration situation. time to get that boy out of office and all like him. term limits. 
ivanka what is daddy going to do about the 2300 kids who are in "summer camps"? are you or daddy going to throw a party at mara largo or trump tower when you reunite them with their parents. you are worse than daddy. 
thinking about marriage in these days it is so hard because you don't want to live here or bring kids in such a terrible environment and also you're in need of partner someone who supports you in tough times that you are going through. 
@ chris_stuckmann what would be your lowest possible grade on a movie that would still be considered a "fresh" tomato on rt? like, for example, would a c+ be fresh or rotten in your book? 
then your are not foreigner who speaks chinese with accent... or local who has strong accent 
is that my hair or cat hair 
, why are you running? or are you chasing the money lmaoooo 
kinda wish we were back in the old days our parents talk about. where you talk to each other in person rather then behind a screen all the time, or made plans in person and followed through with them. 
i need suggestions for a new show on netflix or hulu 
just another human being saying nonsensical shit these days to get attention or clicks. 
i didn't read the spoilers i was praying that the trailers were misleading i was horrified watching the movie but i was hoping and still am that loki isn't dead or will be ressurected. 
will luka doncic be dirk nowitzki or martin muursepp? #mavs #nbadraft 
i’ve been dealing with so much lately and honestly i’m so thankful for the people who take time to message me daily or just think of me enough to shoot me a message occasionally. the people who do keep me going and make getting up, even on my worst days, worthwhile. 
"all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good people do nothing." edmund burke that's why action is not optional and complacency may be the most dangerous thing. furthermore, if you think that we can or we can't influence the future, either way, you're right ;-) 
did alex avila homer or do i have heat stroke? 
the thought of working a job for the rest of my life that i hate or that i just don’t feel fulfilled in, gives me severe anxiety 
when it comes to weight loss, which does more...exercise or food? #itsthefood exercise is always important, but choosing the right whole plant based food is the real secret! 
idk if i wanna do a fill-in or redo my full set entirely... 
... are we talking about spices or making the food we're going to consume undead? because there is only one of those that i will be okay with. 
i wondered the same, he's probably threatened to get rid of her if she leaves or doesn't do what he says. fking prick! 
yup! or post like screen shooter facebook pictures but don’t crop out like the names etc, come on bro you knew here? or half their pictures are selfies with head phones in on the train 
oh. leave like 10 minutes between 10 rts or tweets to avoid getting shadowbanned. @ … 
i am truly upset at dts racism . he does not speak or act for me and most americans ! 
i wonder if you protest at #doj #allisonhrabar if they would kick those protesters out while allison is working. i would bet #allisonhrabar would demand protection and/or police to remove protestor. 
idk what’s worse my twitter dm’s or instagram 
with or with out dreads i’ll pop up on a clown ass nigga 
paul ryan is a has been traitor. he does not stand up for america or americans. throw the bum out! vote blue!!!! 
@ nickelback i saw hero on a set list for your tour you’re on right now, i didn’t hear it when you guys were in vegas or kc. what the hell guys?? i thought maybe, just maybe it was because it was just chad, but noooooo! 
either that 'dont' be johnny texting or doyoung is being dumbbbbb please tell me its the former one, at least i wont have to keep scolding doyoung in this fic … 
thatll be 3 future 1st or we taking him tyvm 
i'm not sure "both these series involve x, therefore if a person likes one series, they'll like the other" is the best method for getting people into anime or anything else. 
streaming simpsons then either liquid sky (1982), the wolverine (2013), deadly friend (1986), or tyler perry's acrimony (2018) here in 10 … 
for those still complaining about recruiting: would you rather have a lot of early commits who end up flipping and few visits, or would you rather have few early commits but a ton of high profile visits that end up actually signing with uf? june commits don't mean anything. 
do you mean like tonight or on a daily basis 
it clearly says that their sex is hardly "binary" and defies the binary you have claimed. i am still waiting for your citations, craig. either give them, or just concede. 
well, i was half right, americans don't want quite a number of those jobs according to the article. or they don't have the skills necessary. 
do the habs tree down? or do they take kotkaniemi? 
we firmly believe everyone should be welcome and treated with respect at our stores. our policies strictly prohibit any form of discrimination or racial profiling, and the employees involved in this incident are no longer employed at the company. 
it’s booteam or no team :) 
next week! probably monday or tuesday :) 
most of us didn't see the degree to which the communists were getting a foothold. i can't envision another leader besides trump with the strength & chutzpah to take them on. there weren't desirable or viable choices to take them out until he was ready. we will rise victorious. 
bader hit well, but it’s june, not april or may. he’s not hitting right now. 
or any of them. that was apparently the point, it seems. 
an idea - kids tell a story, whatever story they want, and adults produce it into a short film whether it be animation or live action, we as viewers learn more than we expect to because life through the eyes of children is enlightening to those who have grown up. 
feminism that excludes sex workers or transgender people isn’t feminism 
bad religion rules but i’m not in any way going to abandon my beliefs or way of living just because it’s the “new thing”. cowards jump ship 
george will. . . . or as he is better known by his stage name. . . george will not (succeed) 
not like i exist or anything :/ 
manafort's lawyers ask judge to bar references to 'trump' and their 'relationship'. wonder if it's to protect paul or donny? 
deciding wether i want to stream or not tonight, it’s gonna depend on my mood tonight 
i'm live on twitch with @ madcowjy- watch me at or maddy at 
i always thought they were fists or palms facing forward. 
fight for what you love or live as you hate. fighting for what you love brings you the passion and creates all the opportunities to be at the best shape of what you want be. don't compare your life story to someone's els, your not them. your just you! with a heart of steel. 
it’s really men out here worshiping the ground they girls walk on. won’t like other girls pictures & i mean won’t even look another female way, make sure she good at all times, communicates, never lets her go to bed upset or wondering... like man i refuse to settle. 
the shameless left is on a roll. this came to mind- tyranny- adjective 1) of or characteristic of a tyrant. 2) unjustly cruel, harsh, or severe; arbitrary or oppressive; despotic: … 
@ potus has chemistry with communists and dictators but not our allies or @ unhumanrights or @ nato got it he’s also ok with hiding giving our military toxic water @ starsandstripes … 
there were no hormones or drive-thrus hundreds of thousands of years ago. … 
journalism is dead...how dare you side with a business that judges customers on what they do for a living or who they work for. if she worked for obama , you would have lost your minds. can't wait till nov when the rest of the swamp is drained 
if it’s not i’m rejecting any invite or question i get 
do you mean pizza slices or like whole pizzas bc i'm pretty sure eating four whole pizzas is way more impressive than eating a box of waffles 
crazy! its still all to play for. sweden or germany can still make it through. if sweden beat mexico, only goal difference will settle it. this #worldcup is madness! 
all these bitches not about to leave me single and everybody looking at me like i have leprosy or something 
your destination is a choice within yourself will you rise or become a slave 
hickey? panty wetting? or australian? 
the only way to keep track of them would be by how many are here on green cards which they are here legally at the time, or by how much money is wired home. and now we have crypto currencies which they will have no idea who's spending what 
or keep going i can’t tell anymore 
"red hen" owner is a #hero . reminds of granny's stories about waitressing . people who bitched or were known to be horrible were served an extra portion of spit. wonder how many fast food meals ole #liarinchief has devoured not knowing what extras were included. :-) 
if my future shawty’s dad doesn’t like sports or doesn’t talk about sports i honestly have no idea what me and him are going to routinely talk about. “what nice weather we’re having...yep”... 
i hate seeing babies in their walking stage still having a damn pacifier i personally feel like they don’t need them or needa be out that habit at 4-5 months. but i’m not a parent 
or wait for season 3!! 
should i react positively or violently fren??? e pwedi kaku la migmana kagandahan? 
biggest baseball weekend takeaway? @ maddogunleashed is high saying that the @ yankees will win the division by eight or nine games over the @ redsox. i don’t see that coming close to happening. 
early mountain five forks 2017 - $25. can be bought via online store or in the tr: #ecwinechat 
“i want to spend another 20 years in this profession. i do not want to burn out, get cynical, or despise administrators (and their processes). i knew i needed a personal survival tool.” 
luchador by @ robsloantattoo @ 13feet_tattoo ・・・ luchador on my mate @ lucyjambo dad bigslevs ************************************** for appointments dm me here or email… … 
you can vote on their website or download the soribada music app. … … 1. sign up for mobile app @ rvsmtown #dafbama2018redvelvet 
just like any other business refuse to bake a cake or sell flowers to gays? or it only works one way? 
i'm gunna get some setup stuff situated first but in the next 2-4 weeks or so, i will be streaming fortnite regularly. if you'd like to subscribe to the channel ahead of time, here it is :) … 
forgot to reboot the shirts because i don't have the time to do it for this or not. 
if the year runs out i'll show 2 or 3 per day 
ingrown toe nails are the only proof i need that god is either real and cruel, or imaginary and therefore meaningless. 
by “knew” i mean “first hand acquaintance”... not just fictional characters or famous people. 
i entered for the chance to win a book of my choice worth $12 from book depository or wordery!! @ amynikitawords … 
anyone ever had kitchen 32 or wtf chef? how was it? 
and ra9 isn't actually a "cause" of deviancy, because none of the deviants you play or that are apart of jericho ever really mention ra9. i think some deviants, like some humans, are theists or athiests, ra9ers or non-ra9ers if you will 
illegal immigration and immigrant responsibility act of 1996 signed by pres clinton provides "expedited removal" for non-asylum seekers or those determined to not have a "credible fear." expedited removal orders are not appealable but may be reconsidered. … 
sugar, alcohol and sleep, is there a link or am i crazy? … via @ wordpressdotcom 
i'm shocked. not. he has obviously been laundering russian money for 15 years or more. … 
i heard this woman tell her 6 or 7 year old son “you keep acting up and you won’t be allowed to play fortnite” skjsksjsjssjsjsj 
the democratic agenda: russia or racism. she has been screaming impeach since the moment hillary lost. traitor to our democracy! 
you’re either 12 y/o or new to hockey. sakic is doing a fine job. some even argued that he should’ve been nominated for gm of the year after what @ sportsnet analysts called “the best trade of the post-lockout era” (dealing duchene for 7 pieces in november) so eat shit 
is it just me or does the m in the middle just pop out,,, go blue!!! 
does he support ripping families apart and caging them too? did they see the cost of gas today over last year? how bout that stock market today? how bout harley davidson being forced out of the usa or the reports of upcoming recession, or the cuts in social security and medicare? 
i really don’t allow fear to control me anymore. when i feel it creeping i stop and do what i’m going to do or say what i’m going to say anyways. 
there is no win or lose hahahahaha but welll they dropped photo teaser... nice! 
maybe the real #plur was the friends that add you to their cell plan so you get a 20l5 sony pvm or a 14l5 
you learn and adjust over time. the biggest ones i see are restaurants with faulty equipment holding things at improper temps and them not regularly cleaning the can opener or ice machines. people don't think to clean them. 
different yes, genius no. it feels forced, obvious, and pandering to the recent agenda prevelant within the bbc. i hope those that can ignore, or fail to recognise this, will enjoy the show in its present re-boot. 
sony vegas is having problems opening up converted mkv to mp4 files and it’s pissing me off... trying one last thing or i’ll have to go to plan z 
& u didnt even consult me or let me know??? wow ok 
from here on out if you not calling me about no job, no money, or nothing productive period don’t even call my phone i do not wanna talk. 
what so,, are people just like ????? recreating these?? or … 
yo @ billyembody did you go to any shirt games? or just skins? 
i don’t agree but this was cute or whatever … 
nope, just learned to disregard it i have noticed though that i often have a dozen or more drafts for the same email listed in the gmail web interface. it's like saves a new draft each time instead of replacing the previous one. 
anyone could say yep that's mine. we did change him after season two (which was four years ago) why pipe up now and make shit that no one wants or cares about. your on ps4 and don't even use the fucking name, get a life. 
more or less too afraid to openly condemn them. deep down, they might be all for it. but i guess that makes me an islamophobe for saying that. but they're not gonna speak against their own ppl. 
#snowflakking you are a #useful idiot. dirk everyone knows it's you. we don't know because some silly conspiracy theory type nonsense. about who's initials, or who said what common acronym. if you think i'm bothered by that idocracy wtf am i blowing it like there's no tomorrow? … 
wardrobe (and intelligence level) suggestion to blend in out in the western ks boonies. i should know - i grew up out there. (i'm not above accepting pity. or i'd be happy with a well-paying job in colorado if you can manage that for me.) 
galatians or saint therese ? (qt ni hershtel) — saint therese mas enjoy!!!! … 
“nya~ or something...” 
i'm streaming #thecrew2, let's check it out! cars transform into boats, that transform into planes that transform into cars...only downside is i don't have missiles or optimus prime's voice. and why can't you transform into a robot??? stream: 
my bias is chanyeol bias wrecker is junmyeon, oh no baekhyun and sehun and kyungsoo also jungdae,jongin, or minseok or lay actually all of them are my bias wrecker my #teenchoice for #teenchoiceinternationalartist is #exo @ … 
imho it's possible. but pretty much just once. either you can't iterate fast enough due to tech debt or the market rejects you. 
these @ waypoint e3 podcasts would be great to listen to if anyone would let each other fucking speak. every 2 sentences someone interjects with quip or “funny joke”. good lord. 
because i'm curious how oklahomans will vote for or against it. i have my personal opinion, as you well know. 
this is troubling. when the core values of what the country represents are under attack and children, children, are being abused by your govt. and in your name you either get involved or you're lazy and don't care. either way, it's not the country's fault, it's your fault! … 
we're rolling up on july now. elections are about 4 months away. i still haven't seen any coherent message or plan from the democrats. 
hey, social media peeps, looking for a teaching job online for english or creative writing or children's literature. anyone know of anyone looking? have experience and a ma in children's lit! let me know if you know of any! thanks! 
hey, got a like from the man himself! thanks @ williamshatner ! we really enjoyed the show in phoenix the other night. but we won't tell anyone if you are a folder or wadder. that's just between us. 
sure, but the 20 state lawsuit isn’t suing for universal or single payer or a pathway to it, the suit charges that the aca is illegal which would leave us with nothing. 
or the deodorant aisle. 
nope. screw the @ gop hypocrites. no scotus pick until after the midterms or maybe after their dear leader is no longer under investigation. 
that is a flat out lie. hc worked all her career to help the less fortunate regardless of skin color, religion or socioeconomic background. we have never had a more qualified woman to lead this country. 
i’m livid to the point that i can’t even look at ppl who voted 3rd party, stayed home or voted for trump the same way. … 
imagine how mad peole would get if they didnt bring it back but i have a feeling they will bring it back later today or tomorrow with the week 9 challenges 
trying to stay positive but it’s hard when every visit or test brings more questions and disheartening news instead of answers and treatment. i can only say i’m glad i came home because even though this is all costing a lot of money, us care would have cost 1000 x more. (no joke) 
why is he starting in this game again? cc or gray could have started. i don’t care if it’s an inter-league game. cessa isn’t a starter!!! 
add the finishing touches to your outdoor patio or sunroom with an all weather area rug! which one of these indoor/outdoor area rugs from surya do you like best? #whatsyourstyle 
@ senblumenthal please stiffen that spine of yours! i’m beginning to wonder if our own democratic senators are on our side or have what it takes to protect their constituents! … 
#doctors your killing your patienc there body is tramatized by you your readings ar all fals your treating your own victims #doctors pleas get this clu befor you kill any mor innocent peopl da body has a separat intelligenc you can't se it or read it you can only feel it on insid 
would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 6 with an amazing personality? 
how's your day going so far? — absolutely wonderful or just relaxed, thank you for your concern! … 
they won't have a voice because they voted or protest-voted their voices away in nov 2016. gop is in full control. … 
yeah my vote is conservative. we dont need a california style 9th circus court on federal issues or u will ruin freedom and america. 
does the sign say gun free zone inside? or pull a finger? … 
hope you’re not counting on manchin or heitkamp. 
lolol first off, that was too epic. i feel. i could not spend my immortal life living around teens. also right? you know about different eras and have spent a ton of time around adults. bro, i think you need to just be an adult or just travel the world lol. 
we can’t control the challenges that life throws at us, but we can choose whether we want to overcome them or not. 
20180627: tom blackwell: canada’s dairy industry is stumbling block to nafta deal, not trump or mexico: top u.s. trade official … 
i don’t care who you are, what you think you’re doing or what you think you know - these are the 5 things you need if you want to live the life you want to it’s maximum. 5 things, explained while too... … 
yes put up or shut up 
dunno if i’m disgusted or impressed that i have 4 closets, about 6 sets of drawers and they’re all full to the brim with clothes:))) will i clear out though? absolutely not 
easy call when you ask the question “ what violence?”. i never said and or implied that there is not blame to go around for both sides. however the current outbursts and in your face protests are coming from one side. 
sorry dude. there’s so much fantasy stuff out there. i’m sure @dff_stephaine or @ thefantasymm would love to hear your fantasy podcast ideas. 
or both 
do i panic or cry right now because i feel like i'm probably going to do both 
@ liamgallagher at trnsmt this week canna for for him to sing ah the songs hid brother wrote for him,n , the talentless bam might even play the tambourine or something, #buzzing 
speak good or remain silent. 
41- i have seen the tom snyder segment, and it wasn’t that bad. he did not say great things about my school, or the people who ran it, but his criticism was far more general about schools as i remember it than my school in particular. and its not like he didn’t have a point. 
reminder that as friends, i am not your mother or significant other to have to reach out to you to ask about your well being. i am not a genie, and i have my own shit going on. buttt if you really need someone reach out to me and i will 100% give you my best attention. 
i heard an obscure fact about this painting. or, rather, i heard an art-i-fact. haha 
you need to study anything except that left wing garbage putout by 90% of the fake news brainwashed media. it doesn't matter if it's one or one hundred dummy supply side economics work.socialism is great until you run out of other people's money! you're a stooge and a trader 
this will not change until a house or senate legislator gets the panicked phone call from their child's school..."there has been a shooting at the school. please come quickly." this is the call every parent dreads, but only a handful of parents can do anything to prevent it. 
it’s the last day of term, and in the past, me and/or my brother would be allowed to stay home. but there’s no gratification here, even if the day’s short and there’s no point in going, i still want to go 
prominit (proh-mee-neet) is roughly "excuse me" you could try that when asking for an interview... or maybe i should just introduce you to @ kiramke 
please explain the judicial eatch revelations about the irs scandal and his involvement or his involvement with bs dossier? may have been a war hero early in life, but ended up a political zero. 
woohoo! any one (1) 24lb or larger bag of nature’s recipe dry dog food, any variety… 
to be clear: obviously i think this should happen. but the idea that the gop is going to act with any honour or integrity is laughable. 
i’m so stressed about everything i can’t sleep. i’m tired all the time. i’m losing my hair way too much. and portions of it are turning white/blond. doctors don’t know what’s going on but i’m not going well and it’s killing me. i can’t even work or rest properly. 
pics or it didn’t happen: who run barter town? 
retweeted chase oaks church ( @ chaseoaks): summer moms connection in july, are you pregnant and/or have pre-school aged children and want a little break this summer? we are offering moms connection in the summer! we... … 
@ rachel__nichols i love your show, i watch the jump almost everyday but theres a bad audio problem your show has with either the mics or audio feedback. always an echo whether i watch the show on youtube or espn live. just thought you should know 
yep you're right, we can't. she knows that. it doesn't change the fact that you and i are both accomplices in the destruction of the earth, its wildlife, and its resources. vegan or not, were all part of that destruction. she understands that. you obviously don't. 
found this app to let you earn micro-scholarships. these are scholarships that are awarded based on doing good in school, having community service hours, being in an extra curricular activity, or other activities. use my referral link if you check it out 
some one needs to put ddaeng on apple music or something 
or death the kid 
these dangerous pricks like . @ billyeichner calling for mob harassment on people they disagree w/politically is really deranged. i hope they get a taste of what they’re advocating visited upon them while they’re out at dinner or just in public, perhaps then they’ll knock it off! … 
so you not fw after dark or sunmer games? 
ill be the good guy or the bad guy, sometimes it’s better to be the bad guy because now you really know what people think of you if you are the good guy they like you but you don’t know if they really like you i’ll be the bad guy 
very well said, there's a few so-called scottish indy supporters who could learn a thing or two from you & your son about commitment to the cause. … 
lee seunghyun, 01liner, my bassist boy. or his brother lee seokcheol, 00liner. 
this modern trope that enginering or science is equivalent to magic is anti- science. magic has nothing to do with science. they are opposites. you become more embarrassing every day. 
that phrase doesn’t encapsulate the minimum requisite of sadness or frustration 
how is this allowed on twitter, @ jack ?? does it depend on who you abuse, whether you are suspended or not? @ dbongino (gotta read down and see the abusive language, by a troll) … 
i don't think they should be afraid...be proud and be brave....and shoot the first bastard that tries to attack you or your family.....do not run away and hide.....we must stand up to bullies..... 
think meadows or clemens has the chance to be that guy 
please, a vlog or something behind the scenes of your celeb/student life. 
good god! the gop proves it's nuts all the way to the top? (or bottom) 
50 cent or the game … 
biphobia or homophobia in parents can have deadly consequences for #lgbtiq kids. you don’t even have to be physically violent, just rejecting kids for who they are has serious outcomes! #loveyourkids no matter who they are & just let them be their #authenticself … 
should read "abolish the trumpky morphed ice" the ice 2day is not what it should or has been. 
is it family reunion day today or some) 
does anyone wanna rabit a movie tonight or anything 
if your project is as big as kingdom hearts and/or fallout, you know you're doing something great! keep it up, buddy! 
who is the bigger adams apple laura ingram’s or ann coulter 
like srsly they're so stupid i can't tell if it's the food they made early or the shit they're saying but i feel sick 
they are, in fact, twats. night mode or no mode. they can fuck off. 
or not ???????????????? 
the dnc needs to issue a statement. 1. no resources, endorsement or assistance, financial or otherwise, for any dem voting for trumps scotus pick. 2. revocation of any committee appointments currently held for any dem voting for a trump scotus pick. 
i just love seeing this, vicky! ... if you experience any little "dips" in mood, just tell yourself you don't need to panic because it will be better tomorrow! everyone, mh issues or not, always experience changes in mood - up and down!! go girl! ... love this!! 
none but if ppl don’t believe trump lies i honestly think they not listening to trump or paying attention to him. like some one having to have brand name shoes even though they can’t walk in them but they like the brand and the status that comes with saying they have the. 
are you for or against weed legalization? — ewan ko po eheh … 
now playing: tomorrow forever dropping down - get the 23 indie radio player app - see for details or 
give me the studio version of anna or give me death 
those that want to get pregnant best hope that the notion that life begins at conception doesn’t become law or in vetro fertilization will be illegal as well. 
it says the 1v1 started already or were you talking about 2v 
blonde hair is a genetic mutation likely brought about as a way of combating vitamin d defiency in colder regions of the world which is why it really only exists as the norm in the nords and their diaspora everywhere else or popping up as rarity on other continents … 
my decisions are weather or not i have enough gas and money to drive to get food and buy food … 
are you done or are you done? 
we totally get that, and we’re working hard to find common ground with univision communications inc. to see if you can get univision & unimás for free using an over the air antenna, (send us a private message or respond to this message) with #localsarefree. -jg 
i’m a little confused by the take it easy thing. take it easy, or what? what are you saying exactly? that you’re going to turn yourself in to robert mueller?what? 
this is not america we are living in now. when the government rips children away from their parents, and puts them in cages or foster homes, away from their families. this is what some of you voted for, you are evil. 
i mean bc i learnt nsfw style from hentai dousing so the focus is always ‘girl in sexy sex man barely in frame’ so when it’s girl/girl i don’t know which girl to focus on or be the self insert.+ 
second feature of the year on @ southdakota’s instagram page. i may or may not be starting to enjoy this place 
on keita: "weve known about him so weve seen him play11" like no you fucking havent, english fans watch no other league. watching 1 or 2 leipzig games in january doesnt make you an expert on keita. … 
considering how close they are to the second wild card spot (5 1/2 behind phi), and the division (8 behind mil), at this point whether or not the pirates should buy or sell is still up in the air. 
ma petite boucle d'or 
brian always rting ugly or big titty bitches on my tl 
or you can find a spine and not take everything seriously 
nah because even without earl or kam we still wouldn’t be a top5 pick 
you obliviously say this as you casually use the president’s lying propaganda. are you really that blind or are you willfully ignorant? your guy is the leader of the birther movement, a five year lie fest. why do you suckers eat up the lies? racism is not a form of patriotism. 
my grind doesn't stop cause you don't like it... i have a dream and i am doing any and everything to see it come true! be along for the ride or get lost #workingwoman… … 
people dnt even give bck the same effort anymore they just waste your time for a couple of months or however long then leave... 
does that frog emoji stand for pepe or kek? those are stupid symbols that the racist alt-right loves to spew at america, with help from russian trolls. 
i built a wall, and i tried to protect you--but you saw right through it, didn't you? you're the only one. and for that, i am truly sorry. because… everything you feel is true. i don't belong to you. or this world. i belong to another world. i always have. 
and that's exactly what i'm suggesting. what if a deal is made to where it's one life for another, or eternal damnation. 
—or would at least ignore it, as sigma never really cared much for maine’s sign language. he grunted and signed to her again, “i missed you.” 
my guess is that the team is willing to spend the money on top end talent, but for middling or depth guys it's just not worth it. don't spend $5 million on 40 points you can get for $2 million. but spending $10 mill on 70+ is fine, because it's real hard to find that. 
brand name or the corn curls from aldi’s? 
i think tatums gonna be coming hard at them in next year and a half or so. i don't think he'll ever have the ultimate gaudy stats like giannis has to get to keep them above water but the quality/efficiency will be there 
one day they will be adults wondering what the fu*k they were thinking. the neighborhood is destroyed, can't go for walk or jog for fear of rape or being killed, everyone selling drugs or using. ms13 on the loose doing everything against the law. muslim shari laws rule in courts … 
still can’t decide which is the better villain, the one u love or the one you hate 
what i just cannot fathom here? who or should i say what thing stabs a three year old?????????????? five minutes. just give me five minutes.............three minutes........i'll settle for one minute in a room w/him.only one will come out. … 
look out america here it comes, we'll be paying more money for everything we buy or just go without. … 
hbedudisj that movie was so good i totally forgot about it ugh... it’s the one with steve carell right ? or else i’m going to look like a dumbass 
making space for paul george or kawhi … 
i have to laugh how they bitch about gas, electric etc yet it’s ok if they use it, but others shouldn’t. we should buy into their beliefs or we are bad people. 
e: florida panther, bobcat m: a hornet or something? hs: gryphon … 
what?????? i just saw this babies picture posted yesterday! what happened truthfully.... what killed this baby foal.. or who?????? 
or the us radio pop chart is the same with mediabase top 40? 
. what an amazing day! does it show? i love smiling and making people happy! are you happy, do you have something in the way of your happiness. you can choose to be happy or choose to… … 
i feel so sorry for her, i don't know how it works now will she get to couple up with someone else? will there be any more new boys going in? or does she stay single, this is the first series i've watched for her 
i just hope that whatever happens, ariana will be happy and she’ll be respected more by pete or whoever she ends up with. it’s what our baby deserves. ♡ that’s all i’m saying if anyone is having a hard time pls dm me. ilyy 
just want a random ‘i miss you’ or ‘get ready i’m coming’ text, guess we can’t always get what we want 
i guess you're autistic. great. well, follow me. god! well, i will be disappointed. hey, there's one of the bombing or else, they're incredibly stupid. hmm. 
thank you!!!!! i really need to move things around or get a new one! 
bathong, how can i even begin measuring? should i start counting from the day i started taking testosterone? or when i realized, "i'm a boy" at 4 years old. or ppl should bloody accept the fact that i have been a man my entire life - but my body, well, it lagged behind until now 
if you want a job 'for something to do' or 'to contribute to society' you're doing life wrong. focus on improving your mind, life&happiness. 
sunkissed or sunburnt 
so either drake is a huge @ twins fan or he’s got some other kids... 
ketchup or catsup, as long as it’s heinz. 
or both. … 
i’m not texting and driving or drinking and driving. i have kids. although they are hands free, they are constantly a distraction. is there some law about no kids in the car? 
or more accurately are we going to give trump a court that can kill the muller conclusions? it’s a coup. … 
maybe.....or sharing the happiness. 
ur acting like a computer made her.. no real humans did and they’re the ones getting paid she isn’t eating bitcoins for dinner or something wtf y’all are dumb … 
ya know on fallout when you see something on the floor like oh whats this and it comes up with "search raider" and it's a bloodied chunk of skull or some shit dfghjkl 
well, classical liberalism is possibly close to that. it's a little bit centre but could go left or right, depending on the particular topic. … also, i'm not entirely sure that i am a complete classical liberal. centre left is probably a good description. 
for people unfamiliar with #tms or transcranial magnetic stimulation, this simple explanation details how it helps overcome treatment-resistant depression. 
like everyone at marvel's stank editing room approved this. no one stopped it or questioned it. i'm so 
they publish info now july 4. what are they trying to distract from. when they leaked stuff before was targeted. clinton’s emails were boring, wack. wonder if more news coming, they trying to discredit it. america don’t listen or trust wikileaks they using u 
i've got demons inside me so i'm fixed with a choice either try to ignore them or i give them a voice 
one time my moms ex called her a "crazy bitch," which sounds typical but he said that in court, with his hand on a bible, the judge said, "i'll allow it," and a lady typed it down. i was like, oh shit. is that official, technical, or as far as the courts concerned? 
or you could play league with me 
//dwatchseries or either one of the two works! 
can you solve this in 10 minutes or less? #math #maths source: 
need quick #nobake dessert ideas for your next get-together? with @ nillawafers, the possibilities are endless - pick up original or lemon nilla wafers at @ walmart this summer! #nillasummerparty #contest 
hey chels, on this #independenceday2018 we apologize to everyone who had to see you get peed on, be subjected to your lack of humor or have to see your drunken face. america apologizes that we subjected the world to you. go get a drink & shut up. you’re pathetic. … 
anyone on xbox or pc want to compete in some build battle scrims??? 
wore it to work today accidentally and my boss didn't say anything even if he did i wouldn't apologize or care 
that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me lol but yeah, i think i am going to start applying places downtown. it just scares me. i don’t want to have to start as a server or barback. 
brainwashed into thinking that a meal needs animal products to be “complete” either that or they just wanna charge us more 
she literally called herself a “stan”. "stan" fans. a stan is a particularly (perhaps excessively) avid fan and supporter of a celebrity, tv show, group, or a film or film series. the object of the stan's affection is often called their "fave". .. tf you sayin? … 
or maybe you are saying that your intellect is higher than the words of the messenger صلي الله عليه وسلم ? from my experience the only people i have seen with this qur'an only approach are those bent on destroying islam. collaborators of the kuffar. 
i mean, it was a cool car and all, but maybe not that cool. or maybe i just watched far too much dukes of hazzard growing up. 
truth! i always chose either the strawberry shortcake or the toasted almond. 
no species here or out there is going to do any sort of trans-universe traveling until their society has become a communistic utopia - welcome to my ted talk 
feckless!proverbs 26:4-6 4do not answer a fool according to his folly, or you yourself will be like him. 5answer a fool according to his folly,... … 
welcome wrestling fans to firstclasswrestlingandentertainment. anyone wanting to come and watch live ppv or regular show wrestling raw,tna.nxt, smackdown ,boxing or ufc please visit... … … 
do u have like a thread or something for introductions — i don’t but it’s really easy there are videos on youtube … 
i think it’s sad that people make accounts on here just to argue/troll. own your takes or gtfo. 
do you or have you served?, do you work for opm?, most likely a screening. 
do you want white or black #subaru #sti #ra ? 1 of 500 ever made. last call from #ramsey subaru … 
me and @ joedab9_jdab7 was talking about this the other day but the positivity and happiness have been at all time high. i mean besides the whole internet thing but we really just been turning stream on & dead just chilling playing fort, pool or brawl. #livingourbestlives #qqwhat 
please improve her miserable suffering life or release her to a #sanctuary where she has a chance of surviving. this is no life for her here 
“putin’s fine,” he says. if you don’t think he’s compromised by russia at this point, you’re ignoring things or you’re stupid. … 
don’t be dat one nigga who always say what he could’ve did or what he could’ve been 
i coulda sworn i seen cold front in july on the news or they jus tryna make me watch it 
but i can't, do you automatically become attractive, or does vinny only ask attractive people to arrive. 
this is a great fanbase, but don't forget that lwymmd and dddd mv gained that views with curious gp help. no matter what we do, correct streaming or not, the views still might get deleted - that's why we need gp (for unique views) - hence @ bighitent @ hitmanb fix your mv tags … 
how good is he ?! can he fit on 4-3-3 or he much better on 4-2-3-1 
so she left him at union station with no id & no note knowing he couldn't communicate?? that doesn't even make sense. he could've walked into traffic or been snatched up by a predator. come on. she failed to protect her child. stop excusing the inexcusable. 
if that’s what they get for faulk the wild better step in for dumba or spurgeon and get brown gardnier and sparks + a 1. 
or or it just might get the kids safely back into the hands of the real parents not a human trafficker. so you want to just open up the gate and say yes no problem just go get a kid if you want one, any kid will do? 
agreed but how? i don't see any workaround or parlimentary trick anywhere. 
do you always hit with zoom or only on camera so we can see the batter? 
did he make a reasonable good-faith effort to determine whether there was or was not a crime going on before he called police? it seems unlikely as she could have easily shown him her keycard worked. 
i love trees i would never eat their leaves or veggies because unlike soulless vapid mass consumers i value what they have done for our way of life 
i test mfs to see if they have a sense of humor or not i just be wanting to see 
i see the need for or rage happens next! 
are you or someone you know interested in a healthcare assistant administrative manager - hospital clinic administration role? check out this job! … 
people would rather lie or avoid you than just say “no.”. 
yeah otherwise i gotta have my mom or melly deposit my check 
actually, no, i don't watch fox news. nor msnbc or cnn. i generally listen to npr while i work. npr is extremely liberal, but at least they have guests with differing viewpoints and most show hosts are civil and the conversations are rational. 
there are people being nice or sending me pictures of their cats. 
boone gotta move gray to the pen or they have to send him down. 
you don’t like future? or wayne not the goat? 
apparently anything done or said in a locker room is allowed by the @ gop. 
when doctors at a&e spend an hour trynah take blood from me but it kept curdling or none came out the vein 
ha! if feargal sharkey doesn't drop by to like this within the next year or so, your trolling has failed. a good heart is a class tune btw! 
haircut or nah? 
rose and/or jack dawson … 
ok we get it. my hair is similar to an afro. doesnt mean that i'm obsessed with lenny kravitz or erykah badu. yes they are great but back off homeboy. 
@ sparkleandspin hi! i thought you'd like this: when you get our books in print, or on #kindle or #free with #kindleunlimited, you also support our new pbskids tv series! follow us! jm, producer or 
just saw a homeless guy that looked exactly like jared leto, or i just saw jared leto. 
the hardest decision to make is wondering if you should go to them or if they should come to you 
well, you have won. now, i really will be "the soccer mom on the sidelines". congrats! croatia all the way...i knew it all along ! but i'm really sad about sweden . #savetimeless just hashtaging out of habit @ goranvisnjic is it 2 g's or 1? 
my percentage combines the categories for asian, black, hispanic, two or more races. "hispanic" is counted separately from white. the number of students categorized as hispanic is 35. black and hispanic/latinx students together comprise 81.5% of jrc's school-age population. 
airlines track of our luggage better than this administration has kept track of innocent children taken from their parents at the border. 19 parents have been deported without their kids! is this what a true christian (or any other person of faith) could abide? 
funny people make life so much more enjoyable. they are a blessing, on two feet or on wheels. 
i just delivered hella food to this fucking mansion and this nigga who looks like he plays basketball or football somewhere just gave me a $100 tip 
it has to be don't recall or jinikka … 
go gay for joe or stay het for kard — stanning kard is bisexual behavior but go off … 
still don’t know if i should have my 90s theme party or not 
thank for reading post right now someone is in pain physical, emotional or worried .... give all your problem to the lord because he care for you. #onehandhelpanother!!!! #httr 
that bulletproof boyscouts or whatever the fuck they called now. the one i probably clog your twitter with. them … 
it’s crazy how the uneducated and uninformed throw words like nazi and communist around without truly grasping the meaning or the concept. your awesome vassy, keep up the good work @ vassykapelos 
and in a vacuum? we can create vacuums in labs, and gravity still functions. by the way, gravitational equations are pretty much the first thing you learn in physics. to calculate projectile trajectories you do not use buoyancy or density equations, but gravitational. right? 
trumps the only one to blame, along with his base of followers who liked his tv show. people just voted for him because of that reason. they need to realize how much he's endangering our country, he doesn't care about america or anyone in it. … 
you may have left the south, but the south came with you to cali! and then got mad! or... you could say, heated #dadjoke #stayhydrated 
i go so hard, i go so mean, i’m so new orleans told the judge i couldn’t budge, it was him or me 
there are two ways a man can be rich in this world. he can have a lot of money or he can have a lot of friends. he cannot have both. -alfred heineken 
rt @ fact: don’t let yourself be controlled by three things: people, money, or past experiences. 
why don't these guys just say fuck it and go in anyway? seriously, is ice really going to arrest a senator or congressmen or lay a hand on them? 
so you are saying american parents are in general more pathological, horrible and incompetent than any other nationality in the entire world? do you think that americans have defective genes or are they just evil and incompetent? 
it’s my birthday. if i ain’t fuck you today or from here on out i never fucked you. please don’t say my name. i will deny all that shit. 
agree, give it up here, no one to blame and/or ridicule. 
congratulations and thank you to gary and mark! never have a been to a more beautiful wedding ceremony or one where coffee creamer was so prominently featured. it's been a wonderful week of love and laughter and i am so glad to have been a part of it. love you both! 
i’m still not sure how or why this administration has such a blatant disregard for science but here it is again: … 
psh u never dd or party with me so whatever 
the phillies don't have anyone in the five-player nl final vote so unless someone like hoskins, herrera or dominguez replace an injured player, nola will be the only all-star for the first-place phils. 
sticker outdoor with gloss lamination for more detail whatsapp or call 0193422246 will b reply 24 hours thank you 
as a stern conservative voter and supporter i am finding it impossible to vote conservative locally or nationally now. this will lose the conservative party the next general election as it will locally by not doing as the people voted for or want.. 
#inmyfeelingschallenge when you know someone so well, they normally don't do certain things, and then all of a sudden they start talking like you or acting the same way. #stayinyourownlane 
why does he even need or want to marry it just seems so old fashioned mindset way of thinking 
baby as in sultry "baby" or baby like "baby what is u doin" or calling yourself a baby so many options 
if anyone has a coupon or hook up for journeys and you're tryna help ya girl get her wedding shoes i would love you forever!!!!!! #pls 
guessing nuk or barkley 
want to download video or gif from twitter, let's try this app … 
spine breaker or ma city 
@ realdonaldtrump refuses to hire american ( #maralargo)... or buy american ( #trump2020 gear). biggest hypocrite ever. 
the saddest part 4 me in respect of warframe is that even though it does have a mind blowingly good story, yet the best parts r locked bhind 100 hours of playtime b4 most gamers will ever reach it, so most people won't even get 2 play the likes of second dream or the war within 
it’s not one or the other 
wait, 18 million pennies is 180k. not 1.8k, right? 1beef=1penny then 18m divided by 100 (pennies per dollar) or am i mind fucking myself? 
who'd you have if it were a choice between dybala or fekir? saying james doesn't count. 
or hire a boat developer like me, to make new boats ;) 
there's a listing in texas that has these pictures mixed in with the listing pictures. it definitely gets your attention. what do you think? does this help sell a home - or get you in the door? 
england needs ,a winston churchill or a margaret thatcher, visa via, a leader. threasa may has not measured up to the challenge. 
"the camera should always be focusing on fortnite. and if fortnite isn't around, other games should be asking 'where's fortnite?' or 'what's fortnite doing right now?'" 
facts... thing is they don't read their own doctrine. as far as i've researched, most doctrines and nature exemplifies modesty or a covering. usa follow satan propaganda of jews, i mean news and media demon. 
you never had a costco slice that was floppy or flaccid? 
hi kim. we can help. what is the light doing on the play:1? is it flashing? what color is it? have you tried rebooting your router or temporarily wiring the speaker to the router? let us know and we'll go from there. dm us your e-mail address so that we can create a case for you. 
can you believe that the chinese warrior from several centuries before firearms or the united states even existed wasn’t pro-2nd amendment? 
we’ve got thankful white and silence white on the family tree, and a few other names like comfort. pilgrim-era folks and quakers. husband’s sixth or seventh great aunts. comfort is better than blanket, anyway, right? 
i liked a @ youtube video what lets you see your real self: pictures or mirrors? 
he’s a msd kid and you’re just as much a “troll” to him. just stop...go work or be w/ your family. so what if he’s pro-nra...millions of peeps are. not everyone has to think and be like you!! be kind, even to those you disagree with! 
anyway sooner or later ariana will wake tf up i mean we all remember the ricky situation 
omg i dont know if i should be laughing or crying at this 
meanwhile, denyi reyes is through three scoreless innings (4 ks) on the mound. he's down to a 1.88 era on the year and has 101 ks compared to just 13 walks in 100 2/3 innings. no one talks about camp or reyes though. … 
or was she already chosen is case julia couldn’t @ imaginator1d #hessa #aftermovie #tessayoung 
the crying shame is what's goes on in chicago has nothing to do with white or color of skin but when trump tried to intervene in there by taking the federal and putting them in place why did everybody say no and make him back off 
i don't have the time or patience for your bs 
specify whether you want irl version, rp version, or both … 
i also think its like a shallow question.. from someone that doest know how to conversate or run out of introductory stunts to perform 
max is the biggest fuckboy i know. he’s so lucky he’s hot a fuck or else i would’ve blocked him a long time ago 
@ thelittleidiot would prefer children be raped or killed instead of kept in protective custody. he is a monster. 
where have they been in the last 5 years or so? 
@ syrendemerxxx friendship or relationship 
@ bestbuysupport i have a question about the best buy steelbook for avengers infinity war...will a regular blu-ray be included or is it just the 4k one? thank you. 
i wouldn’t trust the food either in a restaurant or take out... they are hated! 
bad body or not it’s always me over you anyday hoe 
is anyone good at writing scripts or screenplay? 
a good synopsis of the situation gary. unfortunately still only a tiny minority have an inkling of the scale...or care to know it seems. recent years have peeked the interest of a sizable number though & youtube is an incredible asset for enlightenment via chris hedges et al. 
tell them it means the passing of an animal usually because of sickness or old age as to not let them suffer. it's real life. 
it’s those types who can’t take responsibility for their own idiotic or vile behaviour. 
more @ evanmusgrave are you writing for @ christianpost or another publication or is there another reason you have an interest in this story? i am very glad to give an honest reporter and inside scoop ! 
don’t worry man, i’ve seen some documentation to indicate she makes it another thousand years or so. 
or a new tag 
by the media or any of the writers. 
my assumption has been, for more than half a year, that if someone is a cis lesbian, that they're going to be at the very least sympathetic to terf rhetoric. whether this is true or not is besides the point; this is just based on what i've experienced 
fried eggs, sauteed spinach, toast or corn tortillas 
i gotta say this is the worst i have seen policing #tory destroyed the ability to think or what? … 
we would like to thank the speech, language & learning center for their sponsorship! our daughter attended speech classes here when she was younger. if you are at all concerned, or just want your child to have a... … 
give me beer or give me death 
with or without you. 
yes, but reality is that we do have the choice. the choice between mother and baby when it’s life or death, for example. maybe one survives, or both perish. the question is when do we consider human life to begin? at the first heartbeat? at conception? at out of womb viability? 
is it happening? or is it just a talking point for the unhinged? i’m a republican, and i don’t see this ever reaching the court. but go ahead and waste the days away on a maybe. 
there is nothing more frustrating than my running endurance (or lack there of) right now but i must persevere #determined 
@ jim_jordan so are the 15 or 5 young men fake newsboys go back and crawl under the rock you came from. you sir are a joke! 
hey sounds like something going on with #mtgo with possible hacks or scams. i do not have a mtgo account and never will but ive seen people posting about things being hacked and accounts frozen. idk if it is related with the @ mtg_arena issues form yesterday 
anyone who follows me on any social media, or talks to me in person, even if they don't express interest in me knows these things within months. 
i was actually thinking this exact thing yesterday. like.. shouldn’t y’all be on 1-20 monitoring the sex trafficking that’s going on or something 
and how many are winning? basically none, because white supremacy isn't part of the gop or conservative platforms. guilt by association. should i lump you in with lefties that support communism or late term abortion? 
#isitjustme or does my #peacelily look like one of those little #alien creatures from the #prometheus movie? … 
roger wolsey says it well: “i don’t follow jesus in order to go to heaven when i die — or conversely, to avoid going to hell. that’s a cheap form of faith that is really nothing more than fire insurance. i follow... … 
couple things were initially assessed: the loneliness/abuse ive had to experience/carry with me has left me wanting even just some want for acceptance or validation for self worth, and two if i really had given up, id be dead already. 
or in my case 99% … 
in short, the story republicans have been telling is you can’t have a political opinion and serve in a job that involves oversight or investigations. #projection but ok, i’m looking forward to 200 resignations so #trumprussia can be properly investigated. #partyfirst #gopbastards 
i thought of inception at first, but i feel like this could be part of a lab or secret headquarters. 
exactly if someone is saying things about you true or not wouldn’t you want people to know your side? 
without wrestling maybe i wouldn’t have ever gotten my girlfriend my best or my second best friend i wouldn’t have ever started talking to you great people thank you all and thank you too wrestling and all the great people in the wrestling business. 
proof that may and merkel are straight up bosses and yet still gracious. i think i'd have said to 45 to sabod or gfy after he condescended to me one too many times. "don't say i never gave you anything" "i told may how to do brexit but she wrecked it" ...and many, many more! 
sad. stupid. gullible. fox friend led around by the nose, unable to see reality or weigh facts against opinion. 
@ gracem122 age: 15 height: 5’6” favorite color: red favorite artist: drake naruto or dbz lover: naruto what you consider fun: queer eye number of fortnite victories: .5 who you’d choose in a fight baboon or giraffe: baboon 
i’m just patiently waiting on astroworld, i will not fret or anxiously anticipate. it will come to me when it is meant to be. 
so you gonna release it or nah? 
i guess you can take some small comfort in the fact that managers usually take the fall for a team failure, and fans rarely do. fans often lead the head-hunt, actually. i wonder if/when the gop equivalent of 'wenger out' will hit (or take your pick of any manager). 
no one cares if ur vegan or not eat ur damn food 
my kids said it was boring. those are opinions. are my kids “haters” or just kids? why is it people who enjoyed this movie act like they have some moral high ground for liking it? can some people like it and others not and that’s okay? 
@ hertz hi could we let our car tomorrow early in the morning at lax ? like 4 or 5 am ? should we do a carwash also ? thanks for your reply 
i lost six followers in the twitter purge. either that or a couple people decided enough was enough. 
just because someone adopts, marries, or has children with someone doesn't make them not racist. if that were the case those words would have never come to his mind let alone been spoken. he inferred he thought less of the people who live in west louisville. … 
or on* 
how about swallowed by fire? or overwhelmed? 
this thing of pulling mandela down has become fashionable..he played his part big or small...what have you done,besides ranting on twitter? 
btw daniel (or stephen/billy/doug/alec) spent just about the whole hour on you on his show today... 
why are popular “artists” either cry baby calarts trust fund “activists” boring predictable “abstract” art(aka queefing paint on a canvas) or pedo freaks who draw cp of real child actresses/rape of real people. 
streaming simpsons then either contagion (2011), rollerball (1975), or runaway (1984) here in 10 … 
its been about 48 hours since the clean and the algae has pretty much fully returned, its not dangerous or anything but it's kinda gross looking 
there's a part of me that's waiting for cory monteith to appear in a new movie or tv show as if he hasn't been gone for five years and i don't know what to take from that. there's just some people that stick with you forever. 
so is he retracting yesterday’s circus, or... 
if they are messing with our voting machines or voter rolls, no! 
on a personal note, as a us citizen, my vote will go to the candidate -dem or republican - who will do exactly that: put putin back in his place & restore us leadership. it's my number 1 issue. 
1, for an actual blow, the mere sight of some one: what guarantee is there that, along with an animal either unduly spirited or again unduly sluggish in disposition. 
listened to ep. 762 or the dan bongino show w/ @ dbongino & producer @ joehoz1 show about #strzokhearing strzok denies bias @ replouiegohmert nails smug lying strzok @ jim_jordan gets to the heart what is mccain's connection dossiers so much to remember #listenagainnecessary 
look it’s share a mugshot 
bowman leading hendrick charge as all 4 drivers sit on or near playoff bubble #nascar … 
was thinking dennys or this place called the pantry thats really good and open 24hrs too 
reaction is allot like anxiety, when you consider that the initial thought or core to be illegitimate, you eventually stop caring about all the whataboutisms. speaking from experience, yours may be differen't also. using an attachment so this will be easier to find. lol 
@ 4mlmusic shrek porn or regular porn? get this wrong and i’m unstanning and suing and fighting 
so this crime against humans is still happening. but no msm like @ nbcnews, @ cnn, @ nytpolitics or @ cbsnews, @ abc is even bothering. it's almost like a new low has been set and it's not newsworthy. fuck all of … 
was it by high-handed violence, or as residents, clearly the greater the development of the soil will be that the animal a fiercer aspect. 
i promise you. all you need is this dunya is your family, one or two friends that you can trust with your life and religion. everything and everyone else is a hinderance, a distraction and a bad influence. keep things simple 
give me justus or give me death. 
bro. and they reveal it so early with some irrational hate or wish for serena to do bad. you could at least try. 
i still don't understand why people have to attack someone because of their skin color. we're here because we like the same group or same person so what if someone isn't white like us? people should just stop assholes and actually get a life 
wherever you find a great man, you will find a great mother or a great wife standing behind him -- or so they used to say had great fathers and husbands behind them.” @ tonythesharky @ mor1019 #morpinoybiga10 tanging ikaw by tony labrusca 
yeah eagles or legs to win it 
@ angriestpat if you were a broke boi and could only afford either bloodborne or dark souls which would you get? #decision2018 #sos #indianimal 
is the plural of “sock it to me” sock it to mes or socks it to me? 
watching "a quiet place" and, so far, this deaf girl is an extremely unsympathetic character. i'm rooting for the aliens (or zombies or whatever they are) in her case. 
@ shelbygraces you should name the kitten nightmare or silk 
dude u never play me with people my skill u would never chall me with my skill level u always make me play with threwrecky or oerik if u have balls play me with someone that i actually play with not a recruit bot 
seeing my favorite celebrities not credit photographers really makes me so sad. all you need to do is just write their name and that could be what lands them a new contract or job, and on top of that it's about respect. 
“racist towards other skin colors” ..soo they just gonna ignore the fact that you were just attacked for your skin color..or?? like these people are mad ignorant 
1946, or a 1940 s wheat penny struck through grease? 
getting ready for the grand final! let’s go! @ gfinityau #rocketleague who will win? @ order_army or @ avantgaming ? #playlikethepros #hype – bei hoyts cinemas 
i’m not sure that you understand that trump is a traitor. when the dust settles, he and his merry band of white supremacists will surpass benedict arnold in the pantheon of those who sought to betray our republic. you’re either unwilling or unable to see what is obvious. 
wearing blinders is to uncomfortable, i'm with you trumps ridiculous claims, and blatant lies is something that needs to be pointed out, even if his supporters can't or won't except truth over conspiracies, they choose to live in a bubble. #dumbasses. 
at the time, i was too young and inexperienced to enjoy or even understand magic carpet. yet, i felt myself drawn to it anyway. might be worth a revisit. i wonder if i'd like it now. … 
she’s the queen. his host. he has no conception of manners or protocol. 
i don't think u have to be perfect to teach ur kida in fact the idea that u have failed or had your life impactes by lack of prep or discipline or maturity or effort or attn to detail may serve ur kids a better lesson than anything else 
sooner or later every app i have will break 
okay, a dose of truth then...you’re in bed with putin. whether it’s because the pee pee tapes are real or you’re a fool, or both, is irrelevant. the facts are you’re hurting your allies and giving succour to traditional enemies, which makes you a traitor. how’s that for truth? 
what's more stupid here is that they keep om saying that it's piracy that bh can't do anything abt so...? are you guys really that dumb or what ._. 
r u a new stan to twt or u j don’t have a lot of followers — hdjs i’m new to twt but i always kept up w them and stanned them all when i wasn’t here … 
never mind delayed delivery! what about a grocery delivery where 25% of the order is delivered but charged for the whole lot??! no return email or call despite several attempts. what is going on? 
just watched ep1 of @ sachabaroncohen’s new @ showtime program #whoisamerica & spent the last half with my hand over my mouth. started off laughing & ended being horrified. this is def gonna get people fired, or at least it should! this is why america is the way it is. yikes. 
dr changelove or how i learned to stop worrying and love the bank #cashmovies 
the manchurian candidate (1962 ), keep john mcgiver or khigh dhiegh 
or you could ratchet down the ludicrous hysteria and deploy two factor auth, but hey when has government paid attention to security engineers? … 
i see the split coming soon. not sure if it will be bray having bo or the whole b team joining but the split is coming 
#thebestcryptocurrency, #bestcryptocurrencytoinvest2016 how to buy bitcoins with credit card or debit card at 
i'm so tired of this; literally the only reason why i'm still in this fandom is misha/castiel, and he just keeps getting shit on. it's not like he's been on the show for an entire decade or anything 
kathryn really needs to start either her own clothing or styling business. simply stunning. 
i was just saying that. we've seen asuka take so much worse punishment in nxt but one super kick or being shoved once is enough to get a pin? seriously? 
are u in favor of duterte proposal or pdp's? 
i've done like 3 or 4 of these things and the third pick always seems to change but w/e, let's make this the official one until this inevitably goes around again 
every year since our freshman year of high school i bring joyce cupcakes or a mini cake for her birthday and i’m happy i can continue doing that. i love you so much happy 23rd birthday 
should note i yet to have a 4k player or a 4k tv. just couldn't help myself. 
18 u.s. code § 2381 - treason whoever, owing allegiance to the united states, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the united states or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned... 
have no impulse control at all... wether it comes to buying stuff or saying stuff. need to sort me self out 
streaming simpsons then either liquid sky (1982), runaway (1984), the purge 1 (2013), or annihilation (2018) here in 10 … 
:( looks like it's 36 as the high over here in utah. it does get hot, but idk if we'll hit 45 or not. i feel for you. 
i have the “aww, s/he’s so cute!” routine down, but what’s the proper protocol when coworkers show you photos of their kids that are your age or older? neato? cool story, bro? 
so going to cut down on the likes button. but if something is funny or good i will now reply. i know that screws with ratios but whatever. 
i have had to ban myself from the love of my life, chili.... ;-; either my ulcer is making a comeback or i have acid reflux but i can't do much but wait it out and not exacerbate it 
miss it the first time, or want to relive it again? we will facebook live the recent rcw event this wednesday at 8 p.m. at the rcw facebook @ rcwforever @ therealabyss @ rebeltanea @ realnickaldis @ lancehoyt @ taeler_hendrix @ barbihayden @ 
i just get lazy to type on my keyboard. people also tend to misinterpret or misunderstand people's "words" when there isn't any tone of voice present. that's why i'll try to add extra !!! or ??? or emojis to let people know my "true" feelings via texts 
i can’t tell if he’s lying or not but it’s evident that fessy is trying to distance himself and when jc told him not to share info with her, he said “of course not” 
i have very little inclination to attempt to understand people who follow tucker & his ilk, who deny the basic humanity of others because they don't like them, or their skin color, or their love life, or whatever. they're the minority of americans. 
the state's authority comes from god, so only he can tell the state what it's allowed to do or not. 
the future catcher of the philadelphia phillies or what’s the right team? 
your inability to comprehend my arguments, or stubborn refusal to acknowledge the reasonableness and strength of the points they make, in no way suggest they are “empty and lacking” in anything. anyone can see where there’s a “lacking in intellectual awareness” and it ain’t me! … 
is this a relaxation tweet or a cry for help? cause this tweet can be read either way . like, do you wanna have a good time orrrr do you wanna die ? lemme know 
i love being the friend that is always like loving you from a distance. like i may not text you every day but you still want to give me updates every so often and i’ll swipe up on your sc stories or send you random texts that i love you and you mean a whole bunch to me. 
it would be encouraging to see him in washington doing his job. that, or step down and let arizona appoint a working senator. … 
mike you should have a poll on what is most important for trump, america first or the trump empire first. imagine all those russian / trump hotel / casinos 
because many were going to be fired (insubordinate) if they did not do the corrupt things they were told to do..or worse, blackmailed, family in danger, etc. they had no choice..so now they have an opp to make it right by testifying to all they know 
what is that? an attempt to discuss or debate? maybe when you’re a bit older. 
or bottled water... #werscrewed 
where abouts ya from uk or america 
not what trump will do now... what will you do now?!! i’ve voted for you numerous times... i want you to represent the people that have sent you to washington. i want you to get angry and into the faces of #vichyrepublicans and #impeachtrump do your job or #resign 
@ smellyoctopus hey! should i keep my extra attack on illustrated marluxia ex, or replace it with a third def +2000? (yes, i'm kidding xd) the true reason you shouldn't chase traits. you might just get 3 def +2k. 
or your shoe!! i’ve heard that one too!! who forgets their freaking kids are with them!!! 
[+55, -2] is it a lion or a god? 
. @ alain_berset @ ignaziocassis will you join #globalcitizens on 29 sep in new york or on 2nd dec in johannesburg to share switzerland’s plans to achieve #sdg3 and #beatntds? #bethegeneration @ swiss_un @ thomasgass 
talking with @ lukeford live about helsinki: pearl harbor or kristallnacht? #trumpderangementsyndrome … 
and call me cynical, but i’m a bit of a skeptic when it comes to stories like this - did trump jump at the chance to have this potential upper hand, or was he advised to someone like kelly or bolton, if they were also briefed? 
assets, property and business located within central or inner city london are the best. the quality of life and opportunity cannot be compared... 
will we ever know the truth to much is going on behind closed doors seems like know one ever gets evicted for anything after months & years of investigation the america tax payers need to know the truth the people or really seeing how corrupt dc. is 
tired shooting on this app. gata go on ig or buck dem in ghetto bars. ; … 
or, maybe, a possible badger 
no matter where you live in texas, you can dial 2-1-1, or (877) 541-7905, and find information about resources in your local community; whether you need help finding food or housing, child care, crisis counseling or substance abuse treatment. read more >>> 
you will likely have to claim it using /claim or /confirm 
to me, it's like either lock em all or none at all white people steal all of the time and get away with it 
(sighs) i should have known the truth would come out sooner or later. the fact is, i really was born on earth... tomorrow. 
new #mixtape lthe prescription| #partypack stream or download via @ orangemixtapes 
he would say stuff like.. in the straight past the paddock grandstand one lap to go the bell....or out of the back straight up to the turn to get the bell.. or but it’s robbo at his very very best and frosty imp and down to the line yeahhhh frosty imp by 3 lengths 
everyone has a dog or puppy, i want a puppy ): 
to watch the espys or to not watch the espys....that’s the question. 
our next single 'magic eye' is out today! big thanks to @ beckysuizhen for the dreamy feature! we’re also extremely proud to announce that our debut album “house or home” will be coming out in a couple of months on @ rhythmsectionhq! full clip/stream → 
you either have to really not care about me or be completely ignoring my existence to not realize my mental health is at an all time low. it’s pretty fucking obvious. and i’m so done being there for people who aren’t there for me when i even take the steps to reach out 
the heat won't keep us off the doors! if you ever have questions or concerns or want to come door knocking with us reach out and let us know! edmonton.southwest@assembly.ab.ca 780 643 9153 #ableg 
he's right! who is sars in kaduna or katsina 
if he's going to kneel during the football games they just need to get rid of him or make him stay in the locker room a real american wheel stand 
very interesting. peel board needs to understand that even if the number of individual requests for religious accommodation, e.g. a prayer space, could ultimately see a school room used only by one religion, that number cannot be used as justification for group prayer or services 
jack believes the worse form or bigotry in the world today is what he calls cuntism namely discrimination against...... 
someone just asked me: is that your hair or it's a wig? 
so is this a 'let us interrogate him, or we release dirt on you' message to potus? 
suggest all countries that all democratic countries, that value access to justice and don't accept impunity for tortious or criminal actions should also be open to a treaty on business and human rights. … 
i was tempted to go with danny ainge, walt williams, and joel przybilla. or, greg anthony, wes matthews, and buck williams. 
an attacker doesn’t always have a raised voice or veins popping — you were attacking her & being condescending, trying to provoke her. as soon as she started to react, you fell back on what most of you do... “oh you’re being loud & upset”. you are a poster child for the problem 
many countries have restrictions, and the usa is quite unusual in its broad rule on birthright citizenship. in the uk for example, being born in the uk only gives one british citizenship if a parent is already a citizen or is entitled to permanent residency 
texas veterns with 100% disabled status are exempted from paying property taxes, which means lower payments. let me help you with the process. va land board certified. i have the expertise you need. linda moore texas global realty. follow me on facebook, twitter or instagram. 
is that idle or on medium/high load? 
you're pretty vocal for someone who never graduated high school or traveled more than 25 miles from your home except to go to disneyland. lesson to be ignorant: don't talk when you don't know what you're talking about. #fuckingidiot 
[txt negasonic] jane: yeah i can't sleep either what i do to sleep better is lay on my bed and start relaxing slowly each part of my body, from toes to head, also arms and fingers...or just take a pill to sleep. i have some lol 
we are talking about principalities and powers here...satan below that - all those that fell and worshiped him. they were offered the kingdoms of the world - and they accepted. who had the power to carve up america and the world? clown or clown operation poppy bush maybe? 
if u had one shot one opportunity to seize everything u ever wanted one moment would you capture it or just let it slip? — little known fact about eminem: he read the dictionary so as to expand his understanding of the l... … 
fedex is our problem today. i did see a fedex truck around the time they say they delivered but it didn't stop here but then i went in the other room until peapod, usps and ups were delivering. so either they didn't deliver it or it was stolen from the stoop 
5. the worst parents ever. a creepy-hot single dad and his “assistant” (whether it’s lab, administrative, or personal is never confirmed). they’re more interested in awakening a demon within his daughter than in actually parenting her. 
i would take a mirror. that ought to either capture her or send her screaming into the night. 
@ bvdfadey who do you face for your life or death match in mdl? playoff bound bravado??? 
i’m just trying to figure out which of the 2 is worse, a comedown from a roll or a hangover 
trade unions are either a saviour or a cancer. unfortunately in this case i think they are the latter. 
3 t-shirts, 1 5x7 sticker and a phone cover do you think i like this youtuber jefstetics world @ itsjeffreybrah or not everytime he comes up with something new i'm on it...like bees or honey 
i just spent $30 on my cousin like this bitch my child or something 
do you have a writer’s block? try this for a few minutes and reach your flow! you can also share your ideas or comment about a topic you’ve been thinking lately! do you like this page? don’t forget to give us your thumbs up! … 
when your crush say : i don't have any girlfriend me : ahaha this my chance but your heart say : can i really get him did he already know that i like him your mind : should i be honest with him or just wait until he say that he likes me. but then it's gonna be fake hope. 
for education to have an impact on poverty, there have to jobs. there is now a surplus in many stem professions. rutgers university professor hal salzman has concluded that there are approximately three qualified graduates annually for each science or technology opening. 
i just setup crypto currency donations on my twitch! if you'd like to check my twitch out here is this link: or to donate using ltc, btc, bch, or eth click this link: … … 
praying for your continued progress, and healing. if ever you find yourself heading to that place again, or in that place. know that what are going through is real, and you will overcome it in time. blessings & love. 
he's getting his pay check he doesn't care what they do or it would have been done already. … 
i’m very lowkey and i never worried about the spotlight or the fame. just respect me and acknowledge me when necessary. 
but i feel (therefore no data or scientific evidence), that the role that religion plays is significant but not primary. and here is my reason (maybe i can claim scientific after all). 1) we r notorious for selective religiosity; see inter tribal marriage issues for example 
i really don't give a ff how many floozies he shtupped. or what they were paid or by whom. or if it's on tape. treason! talk about treason! or children in cages. 
@ williyamhoang retweet this or we not friends :c 
can’t tell if i got uglier or if i forgot how to take pictures 
#owl2018 both la teams are underperforming, gladiators on the frontline, valiant on the backline. when london plays against new york or philadelphia they're gonna get crushed @ nyxl @ phl_fusion 
i say bring them all up next year. absolutely no point in bringing them up in august or september and losing a year of control 
nowhere did i say call people names or attack another. again: point out and discuss racism when you see it. just like a person should ‘in life in general’. this is not a one size fits all solution, it is one of many and the easiest to participate in. 
as much as i ben, he has this coming from eve. so i’m just going to let her get this out of her system. but she better not hurt his face or we’re gonna have problems... … 
if you’re looking for a neat day trip for family or kids go check out in townsend, tn. pretty 
you got any lost tracks or nah 
what happened wasnt just hyping truth untold and mic drop. more importantly, it was proving that music knows no language or boundaries. #thetruthuntoldremix 
gf, while out for dinner, “shut up and eat your food or i’m not buying you any toys” and i’m high key gonna hold her to it. 
mute the conversation or mute me. 
(a confound here is whether folks commute off-peak, but that'd be the least of the issues here if this were an academic study.) 
everyone has some shitty thing they've done or said floating around in their past and even for the most saintly people out there there came a turning point where they changed for the better from the self absorbed callous shit they may have been, even if only for a few moments 
“we now understand that the great american story is not confined to history books or political speeches. it is sung, and danced, and dramatized, and turned into verse. it is painted, and sculpted, and written, and filmed.” #whatunitesus #leeannareads 
usa exports the most monies out and import the most immigrants, including illegal immigrants, and deplete the masses by abortions and drug overdoses and/or addiction (enslaving), by allowing forgien invaders to take over. it is happening. 
no confusion nor contradiction sir. only lies. he has learnt to spk lies and only lies. he has not spoken anything new nor truth. i strongly guess, he is being trained or tutored to spk lies by a team with a clear motive to damage his reputation. @ … 
f--k disney. what they did to gunn is bullsh-t. they ruined guardians of the galaxy trilogy now and i cannot support them or marvel anymore. there is no gotg without gunn involved. i hope disney feels the heat. all the moaners boycotting star wars should be boycotting disney. 
trying to get some clout on my road to becoming an affiliate. any rts or follows is appreciated! #twitchtv #streamer #streamernetwork #roadtoaffiliate 
is america honest? or do we bask in sin? 
i'm kissing either pizza or cook my own pizza today but i was going to paris in early february. 
it's not, but the point is that gene frequencies simply change over time and don't require any influence to drift and change. selection, esp strong selection (think like an antibiotic) will make change flood through a population, but that's not true for many (or most) genes. 
trump didn’t recognize the russian annexation of crimea, announce a troop pullout from syria, promise to disband nato, withdraw u.s. troops from germany or stop the deployment of u.s. anti-missile defenses in eastern europe. … 
starting early tonight and having a bit longer stram. starting at 6pm pdt with zelda a link to the past speedruns for an hour or so then diving into detroit: become human. cannot wait to see you hooligans there! … 
will the liberals pay down debt or yield to temptation and spend the windfall. hint: there is a nl provincial election in 2019. … 
do you ever wonder if trump threatens members of congress with exposing x,y or z? when he made the despicable comment about jon tester earlier in the year, i wondered whether he was still, while in office, doing op-o research. 
is it just me or is this way deeper than just a “dog thought” … 
if it rains, sleets, or snows godzilla will have this thug, hands down 
i'm sorry if my followers don't like the sad shit i retweet. will i tag it with something or put a cw on them? 
ima tell you “nvm” or “don’t worry about it so quick” 
today i learn when u remove all the negative vibes from your life , your life will go some much easier and u won’t be stressing or nothing , and u blocking your blessing with all negative vibes 
due to popular demand i'm finally gonna write a fanfic, so reply or dm if you want to be a character it'll be an ethan fic bc i'm saving my better ideas for grayson if people actually read this one -main character -mc's best friend -grayson's gf -ethan's ex -grayson's ex welp 
want your own page featured on our website? ! send us a #directmessage or #emailus ------------------------------------------ check out our content on our #website … … 
i agree, do your job or go home, that’d be their choices... 
@ louis_tomlinson @ liampayne @ niallofficial @ harry_styles happy 8 years boys. i love you boys so much. thank you so much for everything. solo or as a band i'll forever continue to love and support you & be there for you. but pls come back soon haha #8yearsofonedirection 
so is this like digitally painted or pictures photoshopped cus giiirll... thats so fricking awesome! i rlly adore the second one, i kind of rlly like the eyes like that, gives a nice little detail 
in some shape or form. he's my favorite character, lol. 
can i get this on a shirt? i could go to my local library and scan it in and upload it to purchase a shirt online. or maybe 3d print a design that spells it out. or read a book about woodworking and try to make it. and i could get help every step. … 
i was looking through my photos to post on instagram of tyler or josh but they're like,,,,,all,,,,,,,,,,awsten,,, i don't have a problem, what ? 
and excited and like in a dream and wirh that feeling: this is real??? or i am dreaming?!! 
this article gives a good reason for having high atar or similar. if you cannot trust the pass mark then you have to ensure that only the strongest students are in the course even if it means some good candidates miss out 1/2 
are you drunk or high? 
im at this point in my life where im swiping on tinder, but when i see where they work i kinda wanna network with them and not date and or bang them 
i don’t know how or why but this tweet is haylor proof … 
and then there’s still people out there who don’t think we have a problem with racism anymore... or that if we stop talking about it then it will go away … 
#adulting is no assistance, agree or disagree? 
my dear friend i was not letting happen to me and i had to go through fires storms knock down barrels and have my life threaten to watch my blessing i just want what is mine my dear friend and i would just simply like to know when are u going to send my blessing sam donald or 
i love mangos or plums … 
why do all the old dudes near my job try to whistle or hollar at anything with a vagina walking by? has that shit ever actually worked? 
this is what we should be reacting, not going all over places and start abusing one of our players. you can make fun of it or whatever you wants. players knows it’s included in the game, but they’re humans. no need to drag it further and starts repeatedly abusing our players... … 
—are you coming or not? 
make an instagram and or tumblr dedicated to ur photos and use the hashtags feetpics, feet, money, dom ect as captions to ur photos...don’t ask how i know this lmaoo skskshdj … 
or not be a akward person and make some new ones also?!? 
am i the only person who is 49 years old that still has to think in her mind “i before e, except after c?”. like on a regular. isn’t that 4th or 5th grade? yeah, i’m that basic. 
@ rsmithh4 how come you never answer phone calls or text messages 
we could normalize the question "hug or a high five?". i'm generally down for a hug from folks i would be willing to get a non-business lunch with, but some days i'd rather not have folks in my space. asking every time would give me an opportunity to say yes or no in the moment. 
nah i would been 1v1 or won the game already 
are you doped yet or what bruh??? 
so today i found out i don’t have to take another math or science class in college n i don’t think i’ve ever felt this level of happiness 
@ jeffreycoffman “whether this resolution passes or fails, debris will still be on the streets, the issue still remains. @ archesleth has been vilified. businesses are being vilified. we need to be gentle how we talk about this.” #yql #lethbridge #lethcc 
or like, curled up inside your shirt warm, comfy, fluffy... 
he's engaged with someone else, why would he post a damn selfie or a photo of her 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist try not to laugh or smile compilation!! 
michael flynn couldn't get a security. doesn't sound like trump can grant or yank clearances 
i just voted for #playershaverights on @ thetylt. share this and tylt the conversation. … or rt◢ 
no text or call but i got ya message... 
i don’t eat fish or meat . 
has your twitter been hijacked? that's not a doughnut or a cookie. 
sorry you were acting like a gross dude. but yes, there are misogynistic women too. and you think i've had an abortion? as if only people who have had one are pro-choice? btw, you don't get to decide if an abortion is needed or not. 
eight have their own room...like each or they share it? 
at that age where everyone is either saving for a wedding, a baby, or a boob job :/ 
@ globalnews @ cbcalerts @ justintrudeau @ kenhardie y is healthcare system so reluctant to institutionalize those clearly needing inpatient care. not 1st time someone left w/o proper care who then harms others or themselves 
they have tons of free stuff shipped to the house for advertising, figured they ship out to the graphic side to show some love. but i have 4 or 5 pieces and highly recommend it. 
also the beef with malfurion makes me think this somehow links back to the emerald nightmare raid in some manner, because of what did, or didn't, happen there. 
of justice, or religion, truth, and peace, 
there are many common business processes that slow down or impede innovation. a "flow" model, where departments collaborate closely, rather than working independently, may help. 
would you die to save someone you love, or to be saved by someone who will die for you? — would definitely die for someone i love. :) … 
met this guy few days ago and didn't get this much info out of him. not enough time. was it famous barr or macy's. 
any plans tonight or tomorrow night 
another example of those in or family member of those in congress making money from business or work in govt. is this a conflict of interest & should it be prohibited? is this how those families of folks in congress get rich while in office? how many more examples of these lucky? … 
looking to sell a bunch of modern staples will do 10% below tcg play for known associates. 4x goyf 3x lilliana of the veil 4x dark confidant 4x thoughtseize 4x k command if it has been played in jund or abzan in the last 4-5 years i have it. this includes manabases #mtgbuysell 
good article on rrg rotations in $ xle and $ xlp with some thoughts on how these signals align with the business and financial cycles. long $ xle for quite some time and watching the sym tri for exit or continuation. … 
nws alert> severe thunderstorm 9 miles nw of bristol or 11 miles e of alma moving e at 10 mph. 60 mph wind gusts, large hail. hail damage to vehicles is expected. expect wind damage to roofs, siding, & trees.... #gawx … 
@ prush__ your opponents are claiming a no show, you have 5 minutes to join and respond to this message or you will be forfeited. 
i'm not a spielberg fanboy, but i'm ride or die with spr. 
sometimes, honestly, it’s just getting dealt a really shitty hand and feeling like you’re alone and helpless. drugs & alcohol don’t care about your social standing or how many zero’s your bank account has, the temptation is always gonna be there. 
the time it took me to see that post and see if, somehow, that was available on itunes or spotify was exactly .005 seconds. 
@ dunlop1gary i'm worrying about you ffs plz tell me you ok or you need me or something- anything - i'm scared that you're gone x 
i thought huntingdon couldn’t draft or develop players and hurdle was stale? wow is that one of the most inaccurate statements you have made! 
@ konnorwwe victor blocked me please tell him to unblock me you guys are my favorite tag team! all i did was make a joke. sorry. in the end of the day i regret my actions deeply and hope i didn't offend him or anyone else. i understand how my actions could have been interpreted 
if anyone ever needs someone to talk to bc they feel alone, hopeless etc, please do not hesitate to message me. no matter our past or if you’re a stranger i will be here with open arms to help bc i am tired of losing souls to suicide or attempts at it. you always have me 
why not fall? it’s not snowy, and leaves are pretty. and it’s not hot or cold it’s the perfect weather 
ok so obv what happened to demi is awful & we hope she’s okay but other celebrities have overdosed as well & they get either ignored or bombarded with blame. demi is responsible for her decision as well as all the others, but we should support victims of drug abuse & not nitpick 
sacrifice a goat or slam said balls between a door 
who would win in 3 on 3? top 3 or bottom 3? 
i don't usually do this unless i'm drunk or high, but i’m both right now, got me talking about my life.. 
i was so drowsy a minute ago. i guess my sleep decided to do a u-turn 
what brought this thought on? just wondering. i have recently discovered the joy of going to beach or amused park and enjoying not having to worry about someone trying to smuggle in booze. it so refreshing 
fam you either want it or you don't???? if you want it, get it. if you don't, let him have it then. 
because black americans aren’t obsessed with othering the rest of the diaspora? the african diaspora as a whole engages in this disheartening behavior. and i don’t get it! are people or groups getting money to do this? i understand good natured ribbing like rivaling sports teams 
just 10 days away!!! its still seats available!! girls night out? date? single-mingle? or just trying to have some fun and be artsy?? come and join us for this fun paint and sip!!! wine and snacks included!! … 
not as europeans and americans, 80 years ago african-americans couldn’t share the same bar, restaurant or even bathrooms with white folks. racism here is nothing compared to the outside and everyone was born racist but they gotta fix it somehow when they grow up. 
hey @ danarohrabacher do you stand with the majority of american people who want the mueller probe to continue or do you stand with the house russian caucus? #trumprussia #maga … 
he needs to stfu or actually do something. wtf is he waiting for?? krystallnacht?? 
truth be told, i hate scrolling down, let the story’s roll till i get bored or busy 
so, i just called 202-224-3121, asked for @ repgregwalden 's office and got an outgoing fax line. called the local office and got voice mail. left a message telling greg no impeachment of rosenstein or mueller. @ indivisible_or @ indivisiblebend #whereswalden #orpol #votethemout 
we are smart enough to solve it, but with morons like you who deny it or think science will solve it, will we actually solve overpopulation? 
will i be informed either by email or sms or both everytime my record is accesses either by a my health staff, a provider such as gp or hospital etc or by any other party? if not why not? 
should retailers sell on amazon fresh or prime pantry? … #ecommerce 
this heat is acc making me so fearless, i would never ever sleep without a duvet or my toes out 
in fairness to me, i’m a despicable pervert inside or outside of the house. 
okay but have you ever done the opposite of what the podcast tells you? podcast: don't take note of the numbers or analyze them or you will die in this specific manner. me: hmmmm... *grabs pen and paper* i wonder... 
or the late, great tony benn? not interested in true facts, clare? 
anyone looking to make some trades to complete the allen and ginter insert sets and base set w/sps?? i am going to list what i need to finish mine and also the tons of dupes! i know the #hobbyfam will show the #hobbylove ~ should have the list posted either tonight or tkmorrow 
girl it sounds like you're talking to or wrestling with your conscience here. maybe go see a priest to absolve yourself of whatever "isms" you got going on 
this is all i do when im stressed or upset yes 
not completely true, unfortunately. i know some well-educated and/or business-owning and/or really good independent women that voted for him... and for the life of me, i cannot figure out why... 
they do lock the gates at night but there's probably still that spot by the fence near the ravine to sneak through. haven't tried it this summer. or at night actually. 
i don’t care what kind of music you listen to! rock, pop, country or rap....whatever! you should go see your favorite bands or artists live and support them! it helps them keep going. dont let the music die 
yooo, smoothies or mixed drinks for days 
what is the meaning of life? are we here because of creation or evolutio... via @ youtube sharing it again bc it is amazing! duh 
and react native dom renders to wcs ... and so does angular elements ... but the most impressive of all is imgui in rust/wasm. we don’t need no stinking dom or vdom just repaint the viewport cuz it’s so much cheaper .. i saw. i believed. check out imgui demos. 
“i feel like i should tell you that i don’t hate the plaid shirts. please don’t burn them in effigy or something entirely overly dramatic” “i should stop wearing them, though” “god, yes. i hate them” 
george to say things like this is to disrespect msandos family. those who killed him must be charged. smaller good or not. 
meanwhile, there is a movement afoot to examine a process to determine if donald j. has a heart. or a functioning brain. 
“nra, you go on your little screen with your scary shark eyes to tell people to make out with their guns or whatever,” bee said, channeling ... @ alexwagner @ govhowarddean @ rvawonk @ 
oml every fucking time i go out south hills village or bethel park, white people act like they have never seen a black person before... like please do not stare at me like i’ve done something wrong to you.. 
@ decalsnipers are recruiting all positions! dm me or reply to this if interested! @ findmeaclan @ findmeclan @ findmegfx 
i think james opened the safe because he wanted all the money and goods inside of it instead of it going to waste with ron. i don't think it was a good idea for james to wind ron up or leave the picture and note because then he knows it's him (jessie c) #8hoa3 #chapterchatnz 
freedom of speech is our god given right or is it? … 
it was a mix edit as part of skylab cd ! may be i gotta search properly in beatport or trackitdown . 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist outkast - benz or beamer 
no it wasn’t and if you think this is “standard protocol”, you’re seriously delusional and/or the system is. there’s standard protocol in assessing people, not leaving them to fall through the cracks. 
...neither russian nor ukrainian use the articles the, a, or an. 
streaming @ eddievercetti's birthday requests, a choice of ant-man (2015), friday (1995), or mean girls (2004) here in 10 … 
hi catherine , do you know if it comes boxed ? or wrapped in the liz earle tissue? thanks alison x 
acela train 2165 is currently operating about 1hr 24min late due to weather related switch and signal issues between baltimore (bal) and bwi. please check or our mobile app for additional status updates. 
maybe a name change to address the length issue, i’m thinking “connor big stick carrick” or maybe “connor hard pass carrick” or “long shot carrick” 
anything above 2010, no 90s car, go toward the end of the month, 20ths preferred. do alot of research before hand, go with a trusted friend or family member who knows car. dont focus on brand just what suits and fits you. 
when you do a ~feminist brand~ and your best friend gets outed as an abuser, you have to say something or everybody's gonna know it was just an act 
image copyright getty images google now handles more than three billion searches a day. the vast majority are for complete words or phrases. but premature pushes of the enter key mean many end up being... … 
ffs it's almost as if women should go to all meetings wearing a wire or with a safety buddy (preferably a 130lb great pyrenees.) … 
this is almost like the corey feldman fiasco. if you are not going to name names or file charges why do it? many women stay quiet because of messes like this. it makes us look like vengeful liars.i have been abused and hid it. but when i spoke i followed thru. 
and as long as congress @ housegop @ senategop sit on their asses this is really going to get real and someone is going to get hurt or killed!!! blood will be on their hands!!! @ seanhannity @ realdonaldtrump 
first day out in a chair and people are either over polite and talk to me like a kid or only address dorian 
...that would be the individual who is being injured or threatened. i think you're thinking of privileges. 
if you think we already have plenty of bad guys with guns in this country, then pay attention to this. and call or email! … 
*** to be destroyed 07/28/18 *** 9 week old panther man with (easily curable) ringworm!! needs a foster or adopter tonight!! … 
hows this faka?! to our chicago indigenous allies here is the owner of the chicago business that has aggressively threatened kanaka maoli families with legal action for the use of the word "aloha" on fb or... … 
do you seriously think abbott can come back? he does not have the support in the electorate or the party. any attempt would be a disaster, and install labor for 2-3 terms. #auspol 
nws alert> severe thunderstorm near green sea or 12 miles e of mullins moving e at 15 mph. 60 mph wind gusts, large hail. minor hail damage to vehicles is possible. expect wind damage to trees & power lines.... #ncwx … 
the great news is that they will all be dead in 20 years or so 
anybody that thinks yahoo boys aren't equally as bad as runz girls or gigolos is just deceiving himself/herself.. we!re all sinners abi? so morality shouldn't come up in this discussion hence, yahoo boys too shouldn't be judged. since that is how y'all want to play it. radarada. 
either that or have a 50/50 chance of getting t-boned 
schoolmate....or soul-mate??? 
idk if it’s hilarious or just plain sad but i’m trying to get fucked up before packing my shit up. pretty damn sure it’s impossible to move sober 
just reading this bollocks. you can all go screw yourselves. why not prove you lot are not anti semites by not mentioning the words jews and israel for the next 30 days. most people don’t mention qatar every 30 days so it should be fine. or will it? your hatred won’t allow it.. 
cls can you understand that you dont want clarke to end up with a men means that you're actually biphobic? stop trying to erase her sexuality she's bisexual, ending with a men doesn't make her not a part of the lgbt or idk?? 
it will never not bother me that artists of old, and some still today, take credit for artworks that they did not create or design. you pretty much have to lack any integrity to feel ok doing that. 
it’s really hard for me to find anybody i’m interested in or someone that can keep my attention i’m so picky i’m convinced i’ll be single for a minute but, i’m fine with that. 
like, you’re either rightfully angry, or just in some sort of depressive void. then there’s a stigma in some circles against unplugging and self care because “then you’re part of the problem because you’re complacent” self care isnotcomplacency 
i'm not the one politicizing or making a race issue out of this. idc wht side ur on, there's a time & a place for tht & this article is not it. tht poor girl is gna be traumatized for the rest of her life & that's all u guys can talk abt. gtfoh u all should be ashamed of urselves 
on a similar note, a lot of white people in america who are irish, greek, italian or whatever, always want to talk about how their ancestors struggled when they came here, but they never extend any empathy towards immigrants of color. 
~ - take cool baths & showers - apply joghurt - don't peel the dry skin - use aloe or moisturizer with it - vitamin e - bath with lavender oil 
good to know, i haven't decided if i'm gonna get one or not, but also haven't decided uhhhh druid or warlock. bc druid obviously but i also keep ending up warlocks 
why justin? two questions if i may how do you know it was a jehovah witness ~ oh i see they were walking around passing stuff out. that’s what you meant right? i was thinking about getting carts or something lol. also so what does this have to do with the upcoming show? 
hey @ cashshow_beau and/or @ cashshow_rafael! we were winners last night! hopefully we can get on a streak playing @ cashshow_trivia today! can my aunt and uncle karen and willie nelson get a #csshoutout out tonight for their 18 year 
if you call your tattoos “tats”, consider yourself “tatted up” or “inked up”, please do us a favor and kill yourself 
thanks for the note. its so difficult. i dont know if it ever gets easier or better. i would give anything to have her back. 
not sure if i should laugh hysterically or cry uncontrollably at this. how tragically comical. 
everybody wanna be nba youngboy or sum? 
me too!!!!! thinking about installing some next week or the next time i get paid. 
no one touches the special prosecutor. literally or figuratively. … 
love when you don't need to see someone every day or speak to them everyday to know you's will always be there for each other 
also known as proofs. @ swamy39 obviously never has any proof to furnish, since he is at best a rabble rouser or a paid hitman used to destroy people’s reputation 
cookies or muffins 
it's pretty strange. i mean, i hated dhalgren. i've tried to read it four or five times - and each time, i couldn't even make it 50 pages in before i lost patience. but many people i respect love it - why should my taste be *the* truth, instead of theirs? 
dan smga comeback kli ini stray kids muncul d acr tv or radio show. plissss jyp.. 
question on @ quora: is c still the fastest programming language, or is the fastest another language? … 
1. either saw her standing there by the beatles or jumpsuit by tøp 
avs fam!!! need a bit of help. getting a new hat, narrowed it down to two of them. need your opinions! hat 1 or 2.. 
best speak to @ nibblesmusic and/or @ damiancowelldc 
not sure if zumba is improving my dancing / quality of movement / body awareness, or screwing me out by making me clap on 1. – bei recreation & physical activity center (rpac) 
people i don’t trust; people who cannot distinguish the correct there, their, or they’re. 
pearls or is it a crime … 
spoiler alert: the way my photos look on instagram is not the way my food looks every day. or even remotely close to it. my feed doesn’t show what i eat every day. because i don’t like to… … 
sorry to bother you is the most shookening movie i’ve seen all year! don’t read any log lines, spoilers, or reviews before seeing it. just go in with no expectations of what you’re getting yourself into! 
if the client tells you not to go on tv and talk about your case, you don't go on tv and talk about the case. so either the white house is ok with it or rudy is violating ethics rules and also would be fired for doing something his client told him not to do. 
i find the brooding over ginsburg distasteful. i’m not a fan. but if the media hadn’t tried to convince her that hillary was a shoe-in, she might have stepped down if she was so concerned with the pendulum. bottom line, she’s here. either out of selfishness or ignorance. 
i mean i’m right, colorado, aren’t i? unless the potus or governor declares martial law, they can’t use federal troops to enforce laws in a municipality. if that were the case, tx and fl would’ve already done this. 
is there gonna be any tyrus tonight or does disney need breaks between gay content #andimack 
honestly, it's just gibberish and word salad with him. if left to ramble, he usually steps in it with something vaguely or blatantly incriminating. otherwise, i'd ask him to go away. 
@ thedcuniverse will the streaming service be available worldwide or can international fans watch future dc shows on netflix or sth else? i really need to know how to watch yj outsiders and ensure we get a 4th season! 
it is truly amazing to me how fast people go from bullish to bearish or bearish to bullish so fast. i'm not sure if it's a race to see who calls what first. but it's pretty insane how weak some of these hands are. 
in trumps case his father loaned him the $. anyone else can get one from the bank. obviously. or if you have a wealthy fam member. nothing wrong with that. 
bias reporting or bias tweet which one are doing. wow #politifact resorted to #biastweeting 
your opinion is not my reality. your opinion is your opinion. your perception is your perception. don't confuse them with facts or truths. 
follower or friend! damn you’re pissing me off today hahahah 
empire builder train 8/28 that departed seattle (sea)/portland (pdx) on 7/29 is currently operating about 3hr 32min late due to earlier freight train interference between sandpoint (spt) and havre (hav). please check or our mobile app for status updates. 
sweet like nectar or peaches! i feel ya 
hasn't even thrown a pitch yet.. and millions of people are judging this move... bc it's not archer or a big name. too many people get sucked into the media. the media make these rumors for clicks and reads.... 
can y'all just cone together and buy me this.....or contribute. i mean, i'm just saying..... i really need this 
or if mueller does it, that would work too. in court as evidence of course. 
retweeted ncmec ( @ missingkids): recognize the signs of child #sextrafficking. a child can still be trafficked even if he or she isn’t moved to another location. some victims never leave their home and continue... … 
is liking mediocre looking white boys more of a character trait or fatal flaw 
morning or night? 
that may or may not be true who’s to say 
i was watching the news and they said “3d printed guns - coming to a plane or movie theater near you” 
your style is wonderful. so simple and pure in the lineart and the smooth colours very gently in it. love it really much! are your professional or someone with time and fun of doing a collab once in a while. i would totall love to do one with you! 
i'm fairly certain it's easier/cost effective to make a zip gun out of wood and/or resin and/or big box hardware store parts than it is to 3d print one.. … 
i hate the doctor my doctor is an hour and a half away & they’re always condescending and ugh. it’s probably better than dying or getting really sick but i just despise going. 
don’t talk to me or my middle part ever again 
everything shouldn't be nit picky or an argument. picking and choosing battles is important. he may not get it all right the first time or even how you would them. doesn't make him incompetent or useless. if he makes an effort, patience is always key. plus know his space time 
it doesn't matter whether rosenstein investigated manafort in 2010 or not, unless the matter was taken to trial. it only means that the government abandoned the effort for its own convenience. 
do you lie on purpose or just lazy to look up the facts? the law that started this practice was signed by bill clinton, then continued under bush and obama. #liberalslie 
spotify users!! people wanting me to link my playlist but its just a collection of my saved songs. can they still access that or am i gonna have to make a whole ass playlist? 
87 for both? or just one? 
i just wanna know why professors take so fucking long to add grades into the system. like i’m trying to see if i’m passing the class or not bruh 
hey, you guys want some rad t-shirts or hoodies? i just uploaded a bunch of designs that i made and would love for you to check them out! (also i didn't cram in branding and stuff so feel free to wear it like normal and enjoy the designs) 
mp made me able to see movies i really wanted to see easier without having to pay so much and worry about it it made it easier to have left over money to buy a snack or drink i genuinely don't know where i'd be without them.... thanks for everything, guys 
none, you have to send 'gop' donation earmarked for trumpedup or send to his 'charity' which is of course himself or most preferable pac/nra 'contribution' funnelled through russia or guliani … 
i saw some videos. if you have a half-million dollar printer, you can print a good metal one. or you can buy 1000 guns. the plastic ones are curiosity craft projects and require a higher quality 3d printer than the one at home depot. 
the countdown is on... only a couple days left to self-apply or nominate an amazing woman for a 2018 leading light award. hurry before you miss the 8/3/18 deadline! … #womeninstem 
everyone go request saucer by @ nicholehatchet on @ wild941 now (727) 578-9941, in hillsborough (813) 272 -1941, or toll free (888) 429-0941 @ mikemitchpromo … 
all thanks, honor, and glory unto the lord for letting me reach august of 2018!!!! not by my power or might that i made it this far but by his grace 
put em in bullpen and use in blowouts or mop up duty. trade him in offseason. done with the guy 
there's a video of a fruit town brim nigga shootin at police...this nigga recorded himself, and put it on live smh he gonna get arrested and niggas gonna say "the streets snitchin" or "free the homie" lol nope, lock that nigga up! 
the metro law director definitively says that building mixed use buildings on the fairgrounds does not violate the charter or referendum. clearly not everyone in the room agrees. 
“majority of panel proposals i saw had an all-white panelist lineup or all-white and one writer of color” … 
is this actually ur gf or like a shoot ur shot thing 
keiko is the bestest!!!! it's such a wise book any creative should have it or gift it to a friend! link here! … #nomistakesbook 
judy atherton, managing broker exp realty office: 855-647-7397 cell: 228-697-1803 reduced price!! great investment for home owner or investor in bayou view!! #4102 oak ave gulfport ms 39507 main house plus a detached studio... 
so, @ gregstolze, @ boymonster: reading unknown armies 3rd's failed and hardened notches, thinking "wow, best tools ever for gamifying myself and friends": unnatural check, or self? 
show a pic or youre talkin shit 
exactly, a criminal isn't going to have the patience to make single shot pistol after single shot pistol to use one or 2 times then have to make a new one. such an irrational thing for people to be afraid of. they will buy a cheap pistol like a hi-point instead, not a printed gun 
i back all your policies, however there really should be a living minimum wage. i earn 12 an hr and may be losing my house and/or car. i have 2 elderly parents that live with me and depend on me. the better jobs are not hiring people in my age group. 
peeping tom or even the gore gore girls came before all them. 
i want to be beside her when she sleep as she lay, or we can stay awake and watch the next day...clothes are overrated, panties are debated...einstein; her head is the greatest. 
are you supposed to say amen? or thanks be to god?? or something? 
or, abc is reporting that the president learned within the last 24 hours that robert mueller would like to ask questions both orally & written for the president to respond to. now we know why trump suggested that sessions end the mueller probe this morning! obstruction! 
always help out in these situations. many times the victim is afraid to leave or convinces themselves that “things will get better”. much more often than not, it doesn’t. do whatever you can to get someone from these situations. … 
cheeto-in-chief or if i just want to use emojis. 
next month aapl to announce new iphone....the renewal cycle is every 2 or 3 yrs....it will keep the vol going....and they have a few thousand staff working on self driving car software and ev.... 
won't be long? do you mean in my lifetime, or a few decades after? 
that's the goal of the job. get the offices up there connected so people have that choice. also so hotel guests have options to get to some of the things at tiffany springs pway or even zona. 
what's your favorite disney movie? — the aristocats or moana … 
damn right. anyone who's ever actually worked in food service, or as a "sales associate", would never pull this shit it's called empathy you sick fucks!! 
thank you very much, ben, we really appreciate all the support we receive on our website. if you have anything you would like to see from us on our site or social media, please do let us know by tweeting us, replying to this or at 
i'd love to thank @ td_canada for the embarrassing moment in the checkout line, because td mobile payments is not available via the app and not enough cash or my debit card on me. just going to switch to google pay with a different card until you switch to them. 
or maybe he has another daughter that we don't know 
what sounds should i use next in my next youtube video? also what theme of pictures? should i do outdoors or use a variety? 
or... we all can learn to make this delicious dish at home and make a toast wishing him the biggest success ever. :) 
try switching your connection (from wifi to data or the other way around) 
how about stop expecting a poverty wage employee to give good service. i remember when salespeople knew the stores merchandise. if you ask a store employee for advice or information - good luck. why would you not buy online? 
lahat ng pending pa wait today reply ko na seen ko lng ibng messages now finalize ko... if wala time mgbayad or joy reserver lang dont waste my time please... ung isa client effort pa ng... … 
girl the sac is an extra block or two away they added unnecessary shit 
watch what happened at 37:52 in @ vidispace's broadcast: real or fake … 
#cfl or #nfl or #livepd so many choices tonight 
still playing party over country i see. how sad you don’t love your country more. i don’t waste my time on traitors or traitor followers. hope you find your way to loving our country again. smh. 
quit telling people how to feel & what they can or can’t post! #saveshadowhunters 
#nowplaying dj soulbuck - the streetsicknessshow 07.26.18. on #beatminerzradio #homeofthedj download our app in the itunes or gooleplay store. 
white kids droppin the n-bomb is so beyond uncool! someone drop this kid in east oakland ,south san francisco,st louis or any mayor city and show them this video. racist scum bag! … 
while i respect your opinion, i disagree with the basic premise. mind control is only a matter of presenting or omitting relative information in order to craft a narrative by which to control behavior . “he who controls the past, controls the future” 
due to his emotional challenges, my friend cleans homes in order to have flexibility for days his transport fails to show on time, or he has meltdown and can't go to his "work". a trip to disney would be a miracle, a trip to greece something she wouldn't dream of. 
i had a really rotten week full of more work and things to do than i have had time or brain for. it was really tough. but yesterday i had lunch w/ friends, drinks w/ colleagues and then a birthday party for someone in my theatre party and it made everything better to see them. 
*i shrug* by all means.. fire away.. *i say to her* just keep the pistol pointed at the target or the ground.. i don't need you to accidentally shoot one of my men, or have one go through a window.. *i say to her before quickly kissing her lips and letting go of her* i have to> 
same, every time i see them i’m just?? i love them so much and idk how to cope??? if i’m ever sad i usually binge watch them or read a bunch of fluffy jihope fanfics :’c 
the gap was sooo narrow 3 hours to the ddl yesterday... but then it just kind of stopped...(or the other competitor’s votes started rocketing... strange thing... 
i don't personally know you or your mom. i am sorry for your loss. there is more i feel that should be said but nothing that carries enough weight. 
but i thought you liked those books? maybe you just have a very good poker face? or as ta, you didn't have to slog through his prose? 
i wonder if anyone would pay anything for these or even want them. 
tea or coffee? — water … 
no one controls me or tells me what i can and can't do. especially when my whole body aches and i cry every 5 seconds bye bitch 
if you would’ve told me six months ago that i would be accepting a job in carmel and getting an absolutely beautiful apartment with the love of my life i would’ve never believed you. i couldn’t be happier or more in love with my life. 
we just got our 8th ps4 with fortnite & guess how we celebrate?! you want to celebrate with us? just text or email and book your party! @ dwtndenville @ fortnitegamers @ vglounges @ videogamesblog @ videogameweekly 
new post (lead or follow: what sets leaders apart?) has been published on - … 
layla: "oh i love you daddy! *hugs trent* *side eyes me* mommy.... you're... special." hey thanks i didn't gestate and birth you or anything. #momlife 
what branch of govt is the doj under? executive, legislative, or judicial? regardless what you've heard, trump can legally fire the whole seditious gang. we'll see what happens after the midterms. if republicans keep congress, expect a whole lotta major butthurt, leftards. 
students and their families are invited to enjoy a meal—for only $6!—on august 15, 16 and 17 at champions kitchen in the gatton student center or the fresh food company at the 90. student meal plans start on friday, august 17. 
i'm scared that if i lay down or do any movement i'm gonna throw up again 
i don't do good in the heat or the cold. if i could find a place about 70 degrees year around, that would be perfect. 
is there any way to earn the code or something. or is it random 
oh great, another expert. can’t we have @ mogg_jacob or @ nadinedorries? 
if you dont have a team or you have a team and you are looking for players. please follow @ freeagentsgg 
i agree with that it was kinda hit or miss some episodes but got better 
george cares way more than national media or causal fans give him credit for. hasn’t always made great decisions but is always trying to do what’s best. not cheap, not disengaged. 
#startrek: picard thoughts —> the show featuring @ sirpatstew has been called a ‘series’ hopefully this is a minimum of 13 episodes. i’d love the titan to swing by with @ jonathansfrakes & @ marina_sirtis for at least a couple episodes (or all ). we need to see.... 
i wish i put more time into taking pics of my makeup lol i literally just take like a couple in the car before i go to work and just hope that one or two of them are okay hahaha 
someone who thinks “tap” has 2 “p”s and doesn’t know the difference between “heal” and “heel” or “their” and “there” should not be calling other people dumb. anyway, don’t you have other things to do? or is the president business slow this time of year? 
um, that doesn't really look like she's defending lebron or breaking with her husband. reads a lot like the statement she put out about kids in cages, congress needs to fix it, blah blah blah, not my fault, not my problem. don't forget, she's a birther. 
@ baines_joshua hey if it helps any. my build is 5 years old and is in the 75th percentile if similar builds. meaning i am 75% stronger. i plan on updated the gpu soon so i will be 85% or higher... 
just realized that there are 2 types of hastags now. sorry for not remember that you are walking a different path. no matter you are jessica of girls' generation, solo singer jessica or ceo jessica jung, i love you, always and forever. #jessica #11yearswithjessicajung 
it's obviously @ joshduhamel and either the whole thing is a joke, or the guy actually thought he was @ joelmchale and josh just went with it (hence the weird signature) 
try emailing good smile company or @-ing one of their reps on twitter 0-: afaik they’re good about sending out replacement pieces 
not sure if this is a good thing or bad 
you know you follow all the right people when today (or on any day, for that matter) your feed is full of @ sirpatstew. #picard #startrek #trek 
it is not that trump even lied or anything because that i could understand and sympathise with. when he clearly had xenophobic, racist and bigotry policies in his maga claim and yet people still voted for him? the bed you make, is the one you lie on. 
is my brain not working anymore or what. why cant i answer anything #exol_abyrinth 
anna’s new outfit looks great but i don’t care about her or lei. i care a lot about one of those 3 unannounced characters being jun though. the chosen one is back on the cards. 
not sure if bff's or two idiots … #futuramafry #fry #meme 
reg has a free/open license or an open artist and something that sounds nice is impossible lol 
lol truer words were never spoken. either jr screwed up trying to please the old man re: 6/16 meeting, or he foolishly gave dad deniability. 
is there a difference between vip and m&g or are they going to be one thing? 
just a sketch, do you prefer it with a cloth or without a cloth? 
i will create arrangements for piano solo or accompaniment, sophisticated and emotional for $20 on 
$ mu wedge is giving way, call buying persists, but needs to bonce fast or 200d in play @ 
since they think russia is better, why aren't they running over there like they do when a black or brown person moves into their neighborhood? 
what day was that? i have either skipped too far to main matches or turned on too late 
hello! from the day you said you felt you had no impact or didn't do enough as a dps player, i wanted to make sure you knew how... — aaa this means a lot <3333 … 
didn't jr. originally say it was about dolphins, or a dolphin or something like that? 
i wanna finish my coke but i can't drink cuz the thought of noctis or geese howard vs this negan guy is making me laugh too much 
trade free follows / ffs 10x10 or less tweet me!!! 
things will always come to an end; either good or bad. 
every day, in various ways, california is taking a brutal beating. whether from illegal alien crime, s.f. homeless covering sidewalks & streets in human feces or constant uncontrollable wildfires. karma maybe firenado: flaming vortex of destruction 
fresh start easy financing call 503 477 6652 nw auto source 1027 se 82nd ave portland, or 97216 #nwautosource 
came home from work as mr 5 is not well, usual winter ailments. whilst driving i was trying to quantify how we can keep throwing away these leads?. wasn't shocked or ranting, just went "yup".. #bleedgreen 
so do they have saw con over there or nah 
what's stream goals you have or like to do? like 24hr stream or x-day stream challenge i'm looking for some streaming challenges.. 
i thank god i have been a ham or amateur radio operater since 1966 cal sign w4mte, the phony news or fake news cant block world wide news i have seen this u.s.a news media lying for years and years. 
just me or is anyone else thinking this wasn't such a bad monday after all? trump walk of fame star maybe going in da toilet alex jones show going in da toilet manaford's life going down the toilet more "ex-lax" please tomorrow looks 2 bjust as good! … 
kol and davina are cute or whatevah 
#unlikelyparanormalevents a ghost or spirit reaching out by e-mail 
then how about making the american league get rid of dh. or if the nl has to have it then a 10 man batting order who cares. make the pitcher bat. imagine the ingame strategy 
#htownlive bts! fake love or dna 
am i the only 1 who thinks this is his way of hinting i got it.. you don’t have to worry about it, because it’s mine.. or?? … 
was that a 3v3 chall or 3v3 trney that you beat newbz in 
getting tired of being the one to text people first but if i get no sleep or if i sleep 10 hours a night, i always feel tired 
i can’t control what people think about me, the things they say about me or how they treat me. i do control the way in which i react. it might be hard but i am determined that i will not let petty low blow high school gossiping foolishness continue to bring me down. 
give or take a lie or two. 
hey. i need. life advice. so i got offered a job at a retail store and ofc i took it. but my interview with the art store went great and im confident i got the job. should i go ahead and work the retail job until i hear back from the art store or wait 
if u keep doing porn please only work for yourself or vixen tushy and blacked the other studios are a step down and it would really cheapen your image 
you, in the conspirators you represent will face justice either in this life or the next. 
@ canadianpm did you all get that message as you tweet the one about the kid man eating today in your tweets....or did you need another print of it. they go waaaay back when i ate @ … 
customers and people in general have no respect or sense of boundaries these days 
yep.... my own @ juliejxander workout pants..... dm me if you would like a pair.... not even on the website yet and they are already flying... one size fits most!!!! roll them up or fold… … 
you state very confidently that above a zlb you can not have a jg and balanced fiscal spending looking five years ahead. you haven't argued why this is the case or tried to prove it. you've just started it and angrily declared everyone should agree. 
i thought you were talking about physical confrontation. stop talking bs, casemiro had an ok season. how many rm games have you watched? he was both unstoppable and out of form, meanwhile vidal was on the bench or injured. implying case isn't a top cdm is beyond logic. 
or a sugar daddy. sir can have a sugar momma and we'll be rich together. 
if you could exchange lifes with any celebrity for a day, who would it be and what would you do? — idek probably beyoncé or drake … 
@ sussexvineyards thanks for the post. @ organicwineuk please let us know if you would like us to email you an independent veterinary welfare report, we have them on 1000s of sheep and have had no cases of them being destroyed or exploding :) 
or the others who had shots at him! 
like we'll be having chicken and i will just say "look at all of those chicken" or "this chicken is almost as juicy as my ass" and they will look at me like i'm crazy 
or this....it’s dark but a winner @ 
appalled... traitorous remoaning scientists using skill and expertise to undermine the will of a uk minority. or delighted... a recognition that working with our eu friends will produce so much more for the benefit of so many across so many nations. screw #brexit. do … 
i wanna dye my hair . cut it off...get a sew in ..locs..grow it out or sum @ beecoop_ 
hahahahaha. is juul vapor one type of vapor? can the detector detect other vapor types in addition to regular smoke? are these detectors battery or hard wired? well, tamper proof? on wifi? silent alerts? 
live now: the agenda in the summer: toronto: love it or hate it … 
i really need a beer .... or maybe like 6 
i'd go with height or whoever knows more about how to dance 
i did not get a check either or any other form of payment are these people for real 
reading stories of children who’ve had a parent pass away is so heart wrenching. i cannot imagine my little girls without their mommy or daddy. great, now i have a salty discharge coming from my eyes. 
lmao i need a hug or something 
2. can’t hold them to the mortal world any longer. heaven would not be heaven to a carpenter if there was no wood to build. heaven would not be heaven to a bird watcher if there was no birds, or a wine-maker if there were no vineyards...heaven will no be heaven for us if we 
i was thinking of naming it like lemon or mango something fruity any ideas lol or watch me name it kratos 
to prevent further voter fraud voter id with photo or fingerprint must be mandated! … 
…, especially since the bill never mentions the wall or a barrier? doing the math, and assuming (foolishly) that $1 billion each year will be allocated for trump's wall, it will take 25 years to complete! 
oh cool! well maybe next summer or whenever my school has breaks i can head out to laffy if y'all got anything going on 
my cousin texted me saying she’s gonna end up in the er today then stopped replying. do i call 911 or wut? 
i wonder if brett’s gonna try a hinky vote here...bayleigh would still go anyway 4-3. that would be diabolical, and everyone on his side would blame scottie or jc. do it brett! #bb20 
they may have pups not online - they could be in quarantine or holding off the floor for various reasons. always worth checking in person. 
if any of you guys watch love island or are you the one ducking let me know because i’m dying to talk to someone about it 
a man that incites violence and encourages his followers to kill or harass does not deserve a private platform like google or facebook. he is in legal trouble for his harassment of sand hook families and the comet pizza incident. 
woodbridge va. 66-7 ship took days or hrs to get to the 1975 ship [(place)same planet]an (just days to get-nev.sept.5th 1999 shows craft) 
the report that trump was buying asbestos from russia was disturbing. now we find out that more swamp creatures are running our va! these oligarchs weren’t vetted or nominated or confirmed by congress. they paid $200k/yr to trump & now they order va around … 
snakes or were they giant bookworms! 
or no-one esle will … 
its gettin down to the nitty gritty. deadline to preorder your exclusive moonshine throwdown gear is tomorrow!! don’t wait. pull the trigger on a new t or hoodie. you wont regret it. … 
wait till your taxes sky rocket citizens! liberals haven’t realized borrowed money has to be payed back! massive debt and government funded jobs/infrastructure is a artificial economy! when the cash dries up none of these lefty’s will be there to pay you rent or feed you! 
the left never takes responsibility for their losses or actions.... wonder who they learned that from? #maga #walkaway #votedemsout #votered2018 … 
can someone add some more magic to this specific @ wikipedia and/or @ everipedia page? where them writers at? … 
you can’t push people away or drive them out with hatefulness then complain about “having no one” 
on the plus side, nobody watches your show so it likely wasn't noticed. or put another way: "if megyn swears on the air and no one is watching, does nbc still regret that $23 million contract?" … 
salt lick or you didn’t cook it right 
lets be straight here-the only sensitivities we’re supposed to be “offending” is the muslims who make up only 5% of uk population or so they tell us. both parties just want to obtain their votes so majority of population’s wishes can go hang... 
for me it’s a beach bar or on a boat underneath the stars #reality #getaway 
besides the bento, she added mint bubble gum to the purchase. perhaps a chocolate or two since she’s been craving that one brand all day. walking outside, she notices the stray feline running away from the hero. “cats are not your fans, hm?” 
rapper i dislike: @ drake overrated rapper: @ 6ix9ine / @ drake underrated rapper: @ youngmrclean rapper i love : @ youngthug rapper i secretly like: ?? none favorite rapper of all time: @ liltunechi the g.o.a.t: @ nas or biggie 
really? i’m only 7 episodes in and i’m getting into it. what you would recommend? i have a long list i need to finish or start 
they lucky he in the car with me or we woulda had problems 
“we need more people like you. companies are looking for people like you. but pursue your other passions too. take an art or philosophy class or a dance class. they all add to who you are and what you bring to the table.” @ elainef from @ twitter encourages our @ girlswhocode 
or the trentown mafia 
i would think so too. do you remember when lana was interviewed on an italian podcast and she apparently said she wanted to at least do an 8 episode season 3? or did i dream that? 
ah, so that's it. she drew the latino sympathy vote out of a district that's 50% hispanic? didn't have anything at all to do with the platform? i guess thompson pulled some of that white kansan farmer sympathy vote...or something? 
its on @ reddit ill ask op or tell them to contact you … 
whether or not they can do that, given the veteran rules, i don’t know. 
people tweeting to cherish and treasure sec sch but kms aku sot pasal its just zoomzoomzoomimnotwaitingforyouanymoreitstimeforyoutoleaveciaoberambuskau yall get me?or just me? 
i recently asked my english prof and he had no idea what i was talking about. i’m guessing it was taught in the 60s and 70s. or, up until word processors came about 
how are you "metaphysical" & a christian at the same time? the scripture says you can either be hot or cold... not luke warm. 
at least with some of them you can come up with good or decent hcs. it's a shame. 
i'm only a blue cheese fan with buffalo wings, but my husband eats in a block form, he loves it. i'm more of a creamy, mild cheese person, less hard or stinky cheeses. my 10yo will literally slice chunks off the parm block and eat them just like that. 
actually at teo is tomorrow? or is it today???? 
i don’t know what’s going to be more lit, the pregame or the event it’s safe to say both of them hml if you’re coming so i can getcha to the pregame before the #privateparty 
how are the tigers looking? lindauer td pass? yes or no. also, i think castle is going to grow from last year’s musical disaster. their tunes will be the talk of the town. if they do some soul searching...they will realize they have us to thank for it. 
are you using your device or is your device using you? -denzel 
my grandpa was just like “i dont plan on dying fuck em” and im like ????? you cant decide if you die or not 
heads must roll over this. whichever judge ordered 45 to reunite the families should now hit chump hard with sanctions or criminal charges. … 
i mean, i don't understand why everyone is surprised. look at the year eovaldi was having. he was either throwing gems or shelled ... 
or let's talk about how whenever i'm presented with two men, i'll pick the one that seems to be more damaged because for some strange reason i was brought up to think that unless i can fix someone, i'm not worth their time. 
lol, spikey lee will try or say anything. just never really ever got to the big big time. don't worry, the knicks will hold your seats dude. lololol … 
ask for permission? or call them completely ridiculous names (like bloodrayne and reneesme from @ jaidenanimation group project video) 
there are things i could do to save my progress or anything 
new mohave turquoise ring, stone from liz cain dicken. comment me, mine or sold and message me an email address for invoicing thru paypal and it can be yours!! size 10, sterling silver $115 @lillian, alabama 
if you were left stranded on a desert island, which friend would you bring with you? — @ ranaeashante or @ … 
buffalo or miami 
he does have the right to say what he feels as long as it doesn't influence the freedom of speech of citizens. he has the ability to impact any company or organization he likes negatively so this move was an infringement 
it's like "ok i'm tired i wanna put on my pjs and sleep warmly on my bed", or "i thought i had already been awkward enough for today but now i gotta fake a smile and try to hide my awkwardness because yes" 
i mean. prokid had to pass away for an aka to say anything about him on a tweet in a year or two. i mean. 
save your money for ariana or madison merch honey 
nobody has really ever done anything about any of this except for a small group of residents that live next to the nuclear waste dump. so any info coming from monsanto is never the whole story. they did not care about people or the environment. 
absolutely correct thing to do. contrary to what some are saying this is not the first time huntsville or other cities have paid for a city employee’s defense & won’t be the last. he will be acquired by a jury just as he was acquitted by the local civilian review board. 
probably pichu or maybe young link. 
do you prefer chatting in person or through the internet? — in person … 
evangelism, the heartbeat of god. sharing the gospel of jesus christ depopulates or decreases hells candidates.- @ derroneshort 
democrats don't have the power to get a light bulb changed in washington. this is the republicans. republicans doing what republicans do, increase deficits. when was the last time a democrat president didn't decrease the deficit or run a surplus? 
or any day, ever … 
thank you. the dissonance of opinion in government is just a reflection of the unrest in our society. so is the fix government first or 'culture' first? 
you should see the non-customer-facing sites for downloading style guides or submitting product designs. ralph won't even step foot there. 
sorry to interupt~ do you know which website selling bts stadium ticket on 8/17? :) as attached pic or powerhouse..? hmm confused.. t.t 
levels to it forsure, but every youtuber does it in 1 way or another 
i can’t do any music or writing if mrs h is at home. need to be on my own. 
whatever else tariq or dre star in, i will be biased about there characters forever. idc 
@ composerstephen stephen, i just released a video on youtube of a song that i wrote called esperanza's dream. i hope the message i sing about may change the hearts and minds of the country. please share or record it. … 
exactly. most of my stuff is black or dark colours for that reason. i don’t buy white unless it’s a dress shirt. no white shoes. no white pants. impossible to keep clean 
it is complex. and yes, i believe private sector must be prevented from & fined for violating people’s rights that are protected by constitution. • ie not banks banning gun sellers (2a). • ie no tech/media trampling 1a right by policies or algorithms. • protect privacy 4a, etc 
song 3: a song about how your dreams will become a reality is you keep chasing them because you know that you can’t walk from it. you’re not just chasing it because that’s what people expect or it’s trendy, but because it’s what you want more than anything. 
can anyone name anything (actual fact or data please) that trump has done to lower unemployment? 
this makes no sense -did he say it or not?!! 
must be nice to be pretty or better, rich 
i can't see him doing so tbh. good on him for speaking up like that. i haven't seen or heard a majority leading party spokesman say how they see it in years. 
will do. .look me up in wv, so i can show you around for the next movie. 3044150607 or sittin on an untapped goldmine. i've watched over the last three potus. 
it’ll grow back. give it a month or two 
imagine having to be drunk or high just to have a good time 
is this really ‘menteri agama’, because i dont know which part of ‘agama’ he use to make this statement. or am i still jahil in this kind of stuffs ? … 
i get that a lot as well, some of them it does not happen and others i get that, it like hesitates a second or two then goes does that mean it is limited to a very small number of your followers? or is it being tagged for something? i noticed this a couple of weeks ago 
one of the best rpg shows on the planet (or in this case in the galaxy) is coming back for season 2 in a couple minutes and i'm excited y'all should tune in, you don't have to have seen any previous episodes … 
is it sold everywhere and if so is it was other hummus or a different section? i really want to try it! 
aw, that sucks. although it is so cool if you can actually get up in or above the clouds. 
do you have any tips? or is just a lot of conscious grocery shopping? 
if trump was hitler then trump admin would raid your house at night for your protest, or pit you in solitary confinement. sound familiar? mueller is goebels ex head of ss 
right now it's pretty crazy and i don't know how to stop or slow it down 
will you and your friend come around or are you and your friend gonna let me down 
my hands are tied!!!!!!!! you want this shit or not?!?!?!?!?!? i got customers waiting!!!!!!!!!! 
best start to a fpl season thus far. finished gw1 with an overall rank of 1,286 out of 4.8 million+. my lineup was questioned at first, but i’m trying not to use my wildcard early (pea on the bench). should i wc to bring in firmino or mane!!?? #fpl #mcfc @ 
won't be back. i'm supposing. isn't his contract up? they're ditching my team! (or ding it) totally pissed! 
idk if she can post them or not yet 
this is ment in no way bad against ilkey as like the guy but theres obviously going to be a difference is play when hes in charge of the middle instead of say spanish dave or kdb. 
never never never never never no matter how mad i am or frustrated i am or how bad a day i am having would i ever of imagine uttering a racial slur to someone or about someone. 
get a huge truck and dump them all in it and arrest & fine them .. personally that's the nice version my first thought was to start throwing macing or tazzing them zzzzzzzzzap hey have them go to chicago & protest on their streets and yell ...black lives matter 
is that your face or your reaction to mine? 
i won't have it any other way or i'll email the russo brothers myself demanding my money back. and everyone else's too 
whether the relationship between the parents failed or not, if the father or mother isn’t providing financial assistance the option of child support is there. who gets mad because they have to provide for their seed? fuck out of here. 
we can't put our hands on anyone and not expect them to push, hit or shoot us 
anecdotally or you’ve seen a study? 
and since i have zero income otherwise, i can't afford to pay out-of-pocket for anything like dental care or hormones, both of which i need. 
@gcthicdaddytae • first impression: he seems nice. • crush or just friends: acquaintances. • would i date you: idk. • favorite quality of yours: personality. • kiss: maybe. • sex: idk. • would i marry you if i came down to it: idk . 
so this girl is gonna be buying him his own taylor albums from now on lmao. or maybe i should get him an mp3 player with all of her albums on it? 
who doesn't love #freebies because i know i do if you purchase #lashes or a lash bundle you will be eligible for some freebies make sure to check out to get you some lashes, and to see all of the other amazing products beyond lashes #falsies #makeup 
hello! i'm looking for an in-house or freelance storyboard/revisionist/animator work! you can see my work at: contact: 
i agree, and i would love to see the democrats stop the hate. they are the haters, you can see it every time they speak or protest. 
@ _petesmith_ i’m not sure if this gives you nightmares or relieves fears … 
i feel bad for people (esp. women) who are pressured to have kids. there is no reason someone can't live a fulfilling life without them. with or without kids, everyone's life is their own. me, i love being a dad. not so my friends. that said, my 2yo is a little shit tonight. 
. @ brianstelter could you take a break from your 100-paper unified attack against our president and ask a legitimate friggen question? you could even do some investigative research and try to obtain the video or texts regarding his assault on his former gf. … 
i think i've seen my tfs name 7 or 8 times today in about 3 or 4 different contexts. 
because lacking brains means to lack intelligence in english? and since youd didn't intend to call sehun stupid it must have been a mistranslation then? or rather a translation with the wrong connotation. 
so i explained "they're reading the mean bullcrap and then explaining why it's offensive or frustrating or wrong, and also kind of making fun of it." kid: oh thank god. okay, that's better. i was getting angry. 
i’m tryna figure out if sis gets paid to give shots or to be slapping people … 
it’s hard to imagine that immigrants, legal or not, came here under sometimes impossible odds only to have lawlessness & socialism waiting for them. that makes no sense. we need to tap into that voting block. dems put forth the same things they fled from 
because you’ve been down there for almost a week. i haven’t seen you around the hospital, your name hasn’t been on the or board. if you need time off then take it but don’t sit in the morgue. … 
the crowd will consist of 20 or so stage hands, a few seagulls and about 750,000,000 various bugs/mosquitos … 
you gotta force yourself to stay awake for the duration of the whole day. or set an alarm to wake up early in the morning then knock out at a reasonable time. i had a schedule of sleeping at 4 or 5 am and waking up at 3 or 4 pm. it'll be worth it 
it will be an enormous hassle but i hope you pursue it and obtain justice. these offenses should not be ignored or accepted. 
how can trump pick and choose what portions of laws he likes or dislikes? he is breaking his oath, constantly sabotaging laws. this is all on you @ gop 
or you could blossom into a new solar system full of stars lol positive side? 
so, regular or decaf when you guys meet for coffee ;) 
i can’t tell you how i’ve come to have a conversation with him bc i don’t want to relive or reveal that part of my life, but he was definitely on some otha otha shit. 
yes maam! happy wife, happy life haha or so i'm told :p 
i oppose and expose #darkmoney no matter where it comes from or who it may benefit. if you do too @ senatortester why didn't you blast your buddy @ landtawney for running this million $$ dark money outfit? … @ darkmoneyfilm @ opensecretsdc @ mtfreepress 
@ zailetsplay your my hero your amazing pls add me on roblox @allie_gater10 or @allie_wallie10 pls add them both ily 
please dont kid yourself. sexual misconduct, regardless of age or gender happens in every sect of christianity. maybe not to the extend in the rcc but research has that indicated that misconduct in the protestant church could be has high at 38.5% among the clergy. 
different explanations each involving one those concepts might be useful knowledge in different ways. as far as i know popper does not write about emergence or closeness. can someone correct me? these are ideas i've introduced, but have not written much on yet. 
it’s not funny but he’s a big ass man he should be able to restrain a woman especially someone as small as nicki. i’m only 150 and i’ve never had a problem restraining anyone. folks are ignoring it because he didn’t say anything or call the cops when it happened? … 
they have such weak arguments and their comments are driven by emotions not facts and tds. i would love to see or hear a discussion about facism racism socialism capitalism and party differences with you and knowledge parties. … 
if you’re constantly getting new pets and then giving them away a few months later bc you “can’t handle” them or are “moving and can’t take them” stop getting new pets!!!!!!!! 
commitment to mission is firm. anybody who remains in the program for 10 years gets entire borrowed amount paid by lfp, 1/10 per year. pls share concerns here, dm or email. 
well? did he cheat or not? the world wants to know... 
i'm really sorry that's terrifying be aware of your surroundings and stay near people and if he does anything or follows you call the police 
one of my bigger anxieties living on guam (and this applies to hawaii too) was that if the world ends or society collapses while you're there... you're never getting off that island if we're on the mainland i can at least go all mad max and take a roadtrip to find my grandma 
i need to go to sky zone or ninja lounge, like asap. i have the meanest urge to flip and jump all over the place. 
you might’ve had a past life with him or like your soul probably knows his soul. 
right when i go through this crisis and pretty much say everyone that hates or kinda wants to unfollow me? hmmmmmm 
are you showing the final production camera? or is this the beta mock up from earlier in the year? 
dude do you not have a hobby or something? not everyone who isn’t vegan abuses animals. go knit something or paint or something, i don’t know what you like to do other than call people other than animal abusers 
ok so i’m confused. we don’t like bat flips and pimping home runs because it’s not how the game used to be played or something but we also don’t like the old school ways of plunking batters? am i missing something? 
1. dinesh doesn't understand the issue 2. is it me or does trump hire the worst people? … 
i would love too. and yes. of course i will bring harry. aww. that’s nice you get to come to london. may be one day. we could either meet in london or edinburgh. 
for any wonderful and talented undergraduate students who may be interested, or to their lecturers who may be able to share with them.... … 
watch the episode, or attend your wedding? don't do this to me, gillian. 
i fully believe that one day jojo is just gonna end up like lindsey lohan or bella throne 
rin attacking nico would’ve led to a serious or “attack/block” polls while the two fought. nico would’ve overpowered and attacked rin for any of the bottom three choices, but she would’ve injured nico pretty badly if the defense one was chosen. 
i used my motorcycle payout to buy an old farmhouse in croatia and build a meditation retreat. didn't work out, not enough cash or manpower to get it done. er . . . question . . . greatest trading tip for a) beginners b) those of us been in a year or so. 
it really isn’t hard and allows for easy traceability. now he wouldn’t be able to tell before hand, he could tell once “marriage” has been completed, but that’s it. not before. and i’m sure this wasn’t standard access for him, not for a prod worker, prob an engineer or manager 
i know you from “st. elsewhere”, i did see you a few times on “deal or no deal.” do you remember the episode about the young woman who said she was “deciduous, like a tree”? that was an excellent episode. 
this isn’t about being upset about lack of control, showing guys up or anything that normally pisses off players. urena threw at a guy because he was too good. 
strokes in place of one of the openers or rashid. but i'm not in favor of dropping a spinner and strokes is a proper batsmen 
do it do it do it or i swear 
people saying mariah shouldn’t be involved with an aretha tribute are messy, horrible people who are tacky and have literally no common sense, taste or worth as a living being. 
i feel like a villain trying to steal ur virtue or something 
i think @ pattonoswalt needs to urinate on it. or is that only for jelly fish? 
pi or sd? 
now that's powerful music man you need to pop some or roll somen 
take a video with a drake or future song playing in the back, or better yet a drake song featuring future that’s cool 
or solely based on economics 
i think adults need not project, literally or otherwise, onto what is the most honest tournament in sports. let the kids play and try to watch it through their eyes. their care for it, the innocence and love of the game, is enough. 
editing information to present a particular point of view or advance a specific agenda is fake news, and as for propaganda, well the voting poulace spoke loud and clear when they told hillary to stuff it and go home. 
alternative viewpoints on climate change and nhs privatisation? or maybe just a bot tweeting me about how ed davey was good? i’m so confused 
this is for something i'm going to be working on over the year or so. 
me: shoot ur shot man! take me out!! god: i'm confused, does he want to go on a date or for me to kill him 
a side effect of my bad memory is that weird recurring deja vu feeling of "i already did this" or "this has happened before", but since you can't remember anything, ever, you're just stuck wondering if you're slowly going insane 
stop shortchanging yourself. your accomplishments and successes, no matter how big or small, deserve to be celebrated. comparing yours to that of someone else’s will do you no good 
chris: now do a deep, deep, deep dive of county names that come from native american languages. how many of *those* are animals, fish, or fowl? let me know in about 6 months, prolly gonna take that long. 
can take or leave tribute but love bass! i’d go with the exmoor personally :) 
richter belmont > your wishes for ashley or shantae 
fuck cole and miguel there needs to be cole and cordae or cole and jid 
streaming simpsons then either zenon: the zequel (2001), i am legend (2007), or split second (1992) here in 10 … 
anyone wanna play some wwii or bo3 or something. 
why only provincial or private industry? i'm with federal and i'm still here. still spending money in nl economy. 
still a fraction of the electorate and i would bet out of the 500k around 350k cannot vote because they’re not on the electoral roll due to hiding from bailiffs or in prison or don’t actually exist. let them cheer, they’re still going nowhere and will still need to get a job. 
i hate whining more thsn damn near anything and i have surprised myself writing all this out. this is about elites, politicians, or corporate asshats. this is just an angry letter to father time, who doesn't give a damn anyway. thus endeth the whining. i promise. 
to @ rleblanctimes who hired me, my editor @ jeffmharrington & to everyone else at @ tb_times who invested in me these past 11 weeks, whether you talked me through a draft or fueled my coffee addiction, thank you for taking a chance on a barely 20-years-old, small town ala. girl. 
but if i get no sleep or if i had a shift today but apparently i don't. 
? people who have $ can buy stuff and people who don’t can borrow or go a different route. i’m confused, why would people with 0 money get the same stuff as people with money? no one would need to earn more money for nicer things... 
it's kinda like 'the day the earth stood still' it was like 20 minutes or so. … 
the preferred rate would hurt them more if you could somehow recoup yourself for all the costs/damages this... whatever that is, it isn't a hotel room... caused you. i think that should be possible. imho they've really crossed a line with that, contract or not. 
never really had a defense or any legit offensive weapons. outside of stevie his wide receivers were to for one year, naaman roosevelt, david nelson and donald jones. 
then they need to begin reporting the news, not opinion, we do not want, or need their opinion. report the news, let people decide for themselves. 
this crew needs to be doing the news on fox in toledo or something 
it’s yo decision you could loose your brain or loose your heart 
is that the kid you were getting the modem or whatever for? 
looks like an old mac or matco tool chest. very cool.... 
“in la” i’ve never wished to live in america or korea so bad lmao 
are jay z, diddy, jadakiss, nas, eminem, dr dre fans alternative music or is not rap/hip hop? 
a shared meal, a town square, people drawing from a well, an intersection or freeway from above, a new york crosswalk ... … 
im just waiting for her to sign a new company or go make a new one bcz its just. its not working 
well compared to trump anyone is the better man.. either through values, talent, or hard work... most likely all of the above. anyway, #votebeto! bye cruze 
oh, and may every piece of clothing he wears have an impossible-to-locate itchy seam or tag that attracts his attention only after he leaves his house 
it well be for free for a limited time like 4 days or a week 
yg ent has so many unique vocals that putting them together on a track or a unit might actually work really well 
we’ll have to skype soon to discuss! i’ll watch it tonight or tomorrow! 
tbh my guess is unless an item is marked for sat or sun delivery, if it misses a friday delivery for some reason they just let it sit until monday. kind of an “oh well!” attitude, you know? 
i need help deciding on a new username that relates to my fursona, arlo... i'd love things with a combination of "red panda" or "arlo" and stuff relating to hitmen, mafias/mobs, sadism, etc. ty!! 
was kcon a bts fan meeting or something … 
i haven’t worked since february (i do not count doing my unpaid internship) and i haven’t felt gratified, useful, or determined since. now that i’ll be working full time in a few days i feel like i’m going through a rebirth. 
im having trouble beating the octo expansion, can somebody give me tips or something? 
pat stay's cracking up @danny's antics, to white dudes, they really don't care if they win or lose, like us, this shyt means so much to us...lol... 
caution on lap 198 david ragan spins and remarkably, no contact from the wall or other cars. 
as per standard procedures, it is the airline which the file is made with that handles compensation. for any further claims or comments please contact our customer relations team here: … 
which receiver do you have having a bigger game? #pettisthemenace? or #richiejameswinsgames? 
the only difference between fury or joshua’s fighting pianetta is aj v pianetta would of been a ppv and built up on sky 2 months in advanced to be joshua toughest challenge and had a 15 fight undercard that would of been shite aj fans all triggered 
i either look tan or pale lol lighting 
tell your "lolyers" to dm me, or you can dm me yourself. ps. i don't believe a word you say. lolyers. funny af 
tip of the day: don’t let anything or anyone stray you away of your path/purpose 
the other thing is that even if there is another vote, both main parties are for brexit, so there’s no difference at all. then if i wait too long, i could regret not moving sooner as i had that knowledge of facts.... it’s a brexit or brexit choice. 
you either on our side or my baby you against us 
drinking and playing fortnite is quite the experience i can’t tell if i got any better at it or worse 
well one bishop, the bishop of madison wi, called it out for what it truly is.. cupich on the other hand is a promoter of the primacy of conscience & has no problems with active homosexuality; so what kind of leadership can you expect from him or his buddies wuerl, tobin mcelroy? 
or he just has serious wheels for eating donuts all the time 
i'm conflicted. i have 2 magic league decks that are roughly the same consistency in power but are reliant heavily in a few card draws. i don't know which would be better to play in the upcoming tournament. red/green stompy or red/blue spells. 
miami got a kid either on the roster or committed from every powerhouse down here. dont matter who gets hired, that fence back up 
yes atrocious buy and sell spread then on top of it 8 or 10 fee so if it is 0.73 you end up as 0.67 exchange rate 
the #iheartradiommvas are august 26 at 9/7mt on ctv and my fave duo or group vote is 
1) killing remains killing whether illegal or not. 2) human beings exist before the third trimester of pregnancy; therefore abortion kills human beings at whatever stage of fetal development it takes place. 3) since unborn human beings are children, abortion kills children. 
4 (of i could go on for some time). so can jurors and why the manafort trial jury was not sequestered since the minute they were chosen is mind boggling stupidity or done on purpose. we will know the answer as to which of these choices "stupidity or on purpose" quite soon. 
i haven’t seen 4 or 5. will i be able to follow the plot? 
up to 50% off cut, single process, full highlights, or balayage at aaron emanuel salon 
is it me, or has the ppv fashion show been a little underwhelming tonight? #summerslam 
or email and let ytc your tutorial center taytay help your kids with their academic and study skills. 
r-e-s-p-i-c-t al sharpton can’t spell or pay his taxes! … 
being “raised right” doesn’t mean that you don’t party or drink. it means you treat people with some fucking respect 
and that's what everyone does these days more or less 
. @ alain_berset @ ignaziocassis will you join #globalcitizens on 29 sep in new york or on 2nd dec in johannesburg to share switzerland’s plans to achieve #sdg3 and #beatntds? #bethegeneration @ swiss_un @ thomasgass @ 2030agendach 
does ur bf name start with s ? ur lying !! or ur saying the truth — it’s the truth … 
i remember her setting it up and grinding fresh hamburger for burgers, meatballs or whatever. she used to let me do the grinding while she put the meat in the hopper. it was cool. wonder whatever happened to it.....? 
or you’d have enough money to buy yourself a ring since that’s what we’re gonna have to do 
wall street journal, new york times and daily beast have all been asking for interviews. i’ve turned them all down. not interested in negative press to be used against @ realdonaldtrump or any of his administration. period! 
with all due respect what are you fucking gandhi? :-) when's the last time you watch the marx brothers or the three stooges or lucille ball? or john wayne movie mclintock? jesus man :-) smoke a joint have a glass of wine relax please bless your heart :-) 
are you sure she's original or are you just saying that because she's cool as fuck … 
watch this and feel your happiness soar (watch at 1.5x or 2.0x speed for extra excitement) 
lol the icecube i should've put a picture of minato or something as the selfie 
streaming simpsons then either circuitry man (1990), assault on precinct 13 (1976), burst city (1982), or surrogates (2009) a movie for each of four decades, here in 10 … 
after this tweet, i had no more holes at par or better...this has been the full bryan williams golfing experience 
come join our class! email: or call 781-552-fuji (3854) and schedule a free atrial class with us today! … 
i hate my portfolio recently lol... but i hear you. i wish i could think that way... i tried. thankfully i stopped at least caring about social media or as stats, which is a progress :d 
does anyone want to do an incredibly low stakes (free) fantasy football team? let me know dm or comment. 
why does it look like a w or bat caliper? 
wife going to africa alone hmmm she will have a free old time u scared 2 go 2many blacks scared or its 1 of your s***hole countries afraid to go she wasting our money and her time why can't she do something in the us we have children hungry u2 eat u look sick 
that’s the starting time, either noon or 1pm 
jc is not perfect, nobody is. but he tries to work with people to find a peaceful political solution. it's hard, it takes work & time. he won't support violence or terrorism & war. the eu i think will respond to corbyn & keir & lab, more than the tories or lib dems. 
do you realize that folks turned their nose up at a black owned fund that hires nothing but black folks and invests in black communities and told people to instead put their money into charles schaab a company that wont hire or lend to you? 
your obvious thrill from your misinterpretation of the situation is quite telling. let's wait for the facts. or is it "guilty until proven innocent? disgusting! this was a russian interference inquiry! … 
seems like every bama player who is an nfl rookie this year has been impressive as hell. across the board, drafted or undrafted. 
drew these 2 bois once again also, the cat guy has a temporary name it's mason for now but idk if i should stick with it or not 
didn’t beyoncé drop lemonade without any warning??? we’re getting too comfortable with predicting bts timeline that they’re going “out or script” to be unique per usual. so let’s chill and let bts be bts! 
i still see people giving instructions almost everyday on twitter or facebook to smother ticks with oil or use other equally dangerous techniques for removal. this is a desperately important lesson here. please watch. … 
we applaud jamie for making jerk accessible, but forget about the diners who’ve scoffed at the heat or strong flavors of authentic jerk, or the chefs whose island-sourced recipes sit in a bottle on one shelf in one store because they couldn’t get visibility. 8/ 
new year’s day or king of my heart 
till tik tok by kesha or ready or not by bridgit mendler are performed live again vmas will keep going down the drain. 
au when zhengkunjunyi go to jjimjilbang or onsen and they should be naked. kunjunyi tried their best to act cool and avoid thei... — while i am 100% behind this idea, i would like to propose this as well: zhengting being the one g... … 
i never said you did hun but most people (not saying which culture or race) have done. 
nunvill? helps how? by me drinking it or? … 
my little brother nice or whatever 
hey scott! choosing between funding schools and roads or billionaires really wasn't all that helpful, was it?" i’m glad you serve people, not special interests. @ recallwalkerbot #wiright #gop @ wausaugreentea @ forourfuturewi @ badgerstew @ newwisgov @ … 
and no goper will say a word, or give any indication that they intend to stop trump. he sees this as green light to deny, and to end mueller investigation. he skates on all of this. … 
you really have no idea. they are robbing the cofers sweetie. the gop is running amok with no checks or balances and they are all about making the rich richer...the lifting of all environmental regulations alone is making them money...add the tax cuts worth billions. clear as day 
you attract to your life whatever you give your attention, energy and focus to, whether positive or negative! 
and they don’t even really change the actual gameplay! i haven’t bought one myself since like 2k14 or something 
that was actually really good. and disappointing. this should get more attention because he's being helped along, i assume, or a least mentored by his dad who did some if the old school rap back in the day. he'll get his break. 
i respect loyalty as much as the next guy, but i have real trust issues with sjs on anything related to ssa. if i’m wrong, it wouldn’t be the first time. but trust is more about intuition than debates won or lost. 
plus i'm childish immature and love a good wabbit season duck season skit, or a 3d through a table. 
was that a fadeaway diving header or what? … 
i understand that it's not major for the news but to some it's serious,or to most, just annoying. everyone has a different opinion and you happen not to care ( that's fine ) but people are getting annoyed on how light she it, this is the one picture i agree with them on 1/2 
if the 3rd assistant is passed, do they keep a volunteer spot or do away with the volunteer role? sorry if you have already answered this. 
are we still arguing about pineapples on pizza. people either love it or hate it. some people even put anchovies on their pizza. voluntarily. they probably kick puppies, too. 
has anyone not done any of their summer work or is it just me?? 
this is worth considering for all of you with a business idea or a project you’re working on! … 
-dont wait for someone or something to make you happy . 
is it just me or do the rebelde 'elite way' school logos look like a rebel flag logo ...if you squint a lil? lol 
maybe when it is a politicians daughter or granddaughter! … 
no vodka or nihilism can help if you start with zakaria, i am afraid. 
who) global advisory committee on vaccine safety stated that the benefit-risk profile remains favorable [97]. additionally, it warned against claims of harm that are raised on the basis of anecdotal reports in the absence of biological or epidemiological substantiation. 
just went live with "watch me if you want to learn what not to do" at … or … or … @ hemp2clix @ zombiequeentee @ streamtracker @ razer @ teamrazer @ singlemom2424 @songwriter159 @ marbleyez0o 
yep also why is no one going after hillary and obama on all the crap they pulled off obama had shit before potus now he has millions same with with hillary an the phony foundation law is for everyone or no one. no deviations 
@ uberhaxornova any update on whether or not they used your house as a set in a movie? 
are you the go-to guy or gal for everything to know about your hometown? you love it there and you're kiiiiind of a big deal? we have an for you! c'mon in, watch the video, click the link, and let's have some fun! … 
like dude, haven’t you heard of adopting? i understand not being able to have kids or whatever, but what the fuck haha... 
if you are going to mock @ kellyannepolls appearance better not complain when republicans make fun of the way hillary or nancy pelosi look. i thought making fun of women's appearance was 'going low' i thought you guys were supposed to be going high and all that jazz? 
photo or it doesn’t exist 
#braves @ #marlins [t3-2o] manager review: braves challenged (fair or foul in outfield), call on the field was upheld 
mr. prime minister i do believe in your vision, but we need to shift our focus on action. the home loan interest rates are nearly 9 or 10%, which is outrageous. why don't we reduce them so people can afford a house. thank you! 
crates and shacks challenge or hit man would be cool 
well, maybe we didn't need to draft another big 96 big mins for wcs, mb3, harry & skal 24 min even or 20-28 each harry won't play b2b after dec 15 when all restrictions on trades are clear, zbo & kk need to be gone and any pt for them after is an act of treason by fo/joerger 
they are comparable. they are both private lives. the difference is we want to see the good and we want to ignore the bad. that’s called being biased. you either have to accept it all or reject it all. 
not needing glasses or contacts after years of having them...the best feeling ever 
funniest thing about that mariners team is idiots like @ tonymassarotti keep saying nobody cares about or remembers them, yet he mentions them 10 times a day. 
you want me to cause a scene leaving or just say i quit and slide? … 
justice does not initiate or drive impeachment. the house does. 
mueller needs to go or tell the american people “what is the crime on president trump” ?? this is such democratic sham. vote republican 
i would eat it sweaty or dry. dm me. i get paid at midnight. … 
yo dude, that's insane, but i have favor to ask you, could you please dumb your save file for odyssey on gdrive or something? mine work but i need one from sand kingdom :( 
damn straight we will: giuliani: "the american people would revolt" if trump impeached – we'll also revolt if he's assassinated or if he dies a suspicious death. believe us left, we're fucking tired of your shit and shenanigans! … 
let’s debate wether or not you look like a 60 year old housewife who went with the short hair look. i apologize in advance to 60 year old housewives everywhere, comparing this slug to you is inappropriate but...it’s so hard not to. 
neil clark verified account @ neilclark66 ‘prime minister jeremy corbyn’. sounds pretty good, doesn’t it? please rt if you think it sounds better than ´prime minister boris johnson’, ´prime minister philip hammond’, or ´prime minister jacob rees-mogg’. 
do you prefer the soundtrack in the harry potter books or in the harry potter movies? — the movies, if a book could play audio for you, that’d be sick as fuck … 
there's legal ways to become a citizen of the united states. not my fault or my country's fault that mexico can't get their shit together to provide for their citizens 
well ya see it's just like the jew media where they control everything but never cast themselves in order to trick you...or something? 
making gm plants involves precise gene editing, versus the random mutations created by radioactive substances (really) or crossbreeding. 
it’s been three weeks since i started investing in and trading stocks. i went in with zero experience or knowledge. i’ve increased my net worth by 12% 
what’s the difference between a presidential tweet and an internal/external memo or other statement from the office? and this will set precedent for all future office holders, not just the uniqueness of his personality dysfunctions 
or bc cardi has 2 hot 100 #1s?? i bet that’s why huh?? 
there is some down turn post-relegation. but it's how you manage it. if we don't go up we may have major issues next summer with recruitment -we may need to replace many with little sell-on value (or players who aren't ours). so, no, this summer hasn't been well managed. 
free-market economics creates poverty and maintains it. without regulating and curbing the power of profit-driven multi-national corporations (with no allegiance to americas who built them), we can expect more stagnant or downward spiraling wages for our work, while prices rise. … 
i love how much of her work is 'dirty' too, not smooth skin shades or w/e. it's so painterly 
yeah like each comeback it seems to either a) become more apparent they can’t or b) their lipsyncing skills are getting worse. 
when people say they don't like something because the fandom is bad doesn't mean the show or band or whatever is 
is pasta anti-fascist or fascist, i don't remember the spaghett conventions. i know it's anti-futurist 
everything the left stands for is exactly what the nazis did or believed in. socialism. eugenics. propaganda. stifling of free speech. and gun control. sorry but you're the fascist in the nazi. you just got schooled by history look it up. 
a zionist and a jew are not the same thing. surely you know that?? either you’re inexcusably ignorant or wilfully perpetuating a false narrative. 
nice to see that any time we have quiet-centric episode of mgsv that it brings out a person or two who unironically calls dudes betas and sjws 
feds hit juss told me 2 come & or they coming 2 picc me up 2morrow..this shyt weird...told me all my info and i ain't have say shyt...they watch me closely... 
you’re evil x but so am i kinda coz whenever anyone tells me someone’s died or something i always laugh so much 
wow, my first grammar nazi. it’s not an either or situation so yea, you’re totally correct. also noted that the queer community on average has a higher income than the general population. can you do both.. yes. so why aren’t there marches for both more stem and inclusiveness 
nappy day or not nappy day, tomorrow? 
or like them tryin to stump each other with trivial pursuit questions or somethin lol 
you can have a top of the line, dot certified performance helmet for under or a little over $100. exo-r320 dream: 
let's raise a glass or two, to all the things i've lost on you, tell me are they lost on you? just that you could cut me loose... after everything i've lost on you is that lost on you?.... 
the #redsox are just not playing like a good baseball team right now! there is zero chance they win tonight or tomorrow vs snell. yankees are beating the teams they are supposed to and will only be 6 games back by the end of the weekend! 
debating on wether or not to wake up early and go to the hot air balloon festival tomorrow morning 
i need to sit back and take everything in and just relax or my head will get fucked up but i don’t have time 
oh yeah, i finished tsuriotsu, or rather the parts that higashinosuke wrote. the prologue was the best part (pls write again jackson) and eventhough it never quite reaches the same heights, luna's route had some legitemately powerful moments. 
i voted “no” but let me clarify .... the doj should have been looking into the clinton’s for over a decade now. too little too late, or never gonna happen, come to mind. 
whenever an su or adventure time character sings, they look exactly like this. just something i've noticed 
#saturdaythoughts : no matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow. —maya angelou via @ dailyqotdapp 
why did i think this was gonna be a link to the valentine mv or something i hate me 
the mother of darkness’s chamber from inferno. or a set from opera. 
@ jim_jordan has gone from a disgusting and immoral man who shouldn’t be in charge of protecting young men to perhaps being compromised by russia or is a russian asset committing treason. … 
the flag is a piece of cloth. anyone who gives their life for a flag is an idiot. those who gave their lives for our country are heroes and patriots. it does not matter if one stands for either the flag or our national anthem. … 
y life. i just love you too much for words, and not any language or dictionary or whatever can explain my admiration for you. even writing this is making me squeal because im thinking of you and im actually getting butterflies. i guess it’s just too bad that you live and korea an 
not true mate. nothing to do with if it's intentional or not. check the rules. it clearly says "a referee may deduct points from a boxer's score for breaches of the rules." it demonstrates he can deduct points but by no means does he have to. 
i have pictures of me petting animals should i post them or like nah fam 
be back in an hour or so. 
@ ellie_idol just curious, anybody bake you a cake? or take u out for ..... i don't know, tacos? i hope so, u have to celebrate ur birthday!? no!? 
you want rich nigga or a r&b nigga wit a six pack .. 
you should be proud to have such good persons running for seats or even president. and still be so generous. remarkable man. a good american, especially these times..with dishonest trump and his rotten staff. impressed norwegian. 
falco is rougher than fox imo but i'm not any type or authority on it 
i will not go on nobody page if i don’t fw them and wanna know answers cus you wanna know why? a bitch won’t never post when she doing bad so why ima go on somebody page to see them “ doing good “ if it’s true or not 
she didn’t say that she isn’t preparing her for these things you listed either. also, there’s an odd assumption that people who are career accomplished also make great spouses or have no problem finding/keeping love. … 
you're fired. or give me one of your sports cars. 
i am saddened and shocked to hear about the unfortunate shooting at the madden tournament in jacksonville. my prayers are with the families of those affected and anyone else at the event. no one should have to witness or be involved in such a tragedy. 
is this the worst written carvel cake? i think so. thanks #carvel in old bridge, nj. i didn’t want to be a dick or a sexist and ask for a female to write it but dang, i should have went with my instincts. #worstcake #worstcarvelcake @ carvelicecream @ 
like, is it indicated by research or the accounts of a significant - or even insignificant, just bloody anything at all - number of affected folks? 
buddy or bruiser? 
jesus fucking christ , 9y/o or skyscrapers gahdamn. anywho im shorter then you , that i know. 
leftists (esp. the gun grabbers) have no desire or even capacity for serious conversation. therefore, there is no discussing anything with them. there's only exposing, resisting, and utterly defeating them. 
aug 27, 2018- monday gospel : matthew23:13-22 blind guides! what sorrow awaits you! jesus condemns the religious leaders - hypocrites! which is more important- the gold or the temple… … 
i guess the person that designed the netflix avatar user experience does not have two young children that insist having the same exact thing as the other. especially when it comes to either spirit the horse or the dog from fuller house. 
i need a hopdoddy gift card or like just a gift card to get me hopdoddy tbh lmaooo 
#democratsrinoshateusa #democratsrinosloveillegals #votemaga2018 nov 2018 is do or die - not voting is a vote for the democrats who hate you and maga will be over !!! … 
twisted metal 2 or metal gear solid 
hate to do this but here’s a story unrelated to running in or outside. yesterday, my boyfriend was driving to my house from work and i told him i’d meet him outside to give him a parking spot i saved. it’s 5:00 in the evening. 
i think everyone needs to hear i love you by someone everyday .. you never know what a person going through or just simply needs to hear it 
this seems to be an unnecessary hostile response. i'm someone who has lived with this condition for most of my life. i'm simply suggesting that sometimes our family is not able or capable of providing support, not a cure. i'm simply sharing, hostility is counter productive. 
is anyone else experiencing problems with the vehicles. i buy i car or become a bus driver and i can't drive the car or the bus. i sell and buy the car again and now i can drive. it's a waste of money. please fix this. 
what's the difffrence between sheer or trudeau? nothing. they are set to destroy canada for special interest groups. so it is not a gamble. we will grow popular support from the current 13% to 40%. join the #berniernation 
i need someone to teach me how to not immediately lose interest and leave people on seen after they have texted me back or even worse awkwardly end the "convo" and have them question my sanity. 
i never know if ur saying tea like the drink or my name but it’s ok!!!! 
cleavage or not, either way you look so cute! especially love the last one, like “i’m kinda sleepy but this tiny smirk says i know i look good.” 
those recurring bones spurs keep happening. only other possible reasons are indifference, cowardice, or both. 
i could google which quests to do but spoilers lol. maybe i'll just do anything with a story that isn't like "collect the shards" or whatever. or...i'll probably just google it 
date jughead jones from _riverdale_ or peter kavinsky from _to all the boys i've loved before_? i voted peter kavinsky! … 
oh for the love of god argo! you are either very dedicated to your job or very dumb, i think it might be a little of both but that doesn’t matter right now, cmon i think i still got some antidote crystals in the guest tent in the elf camp from floor 3 *he sighed and dragged her* 
"anonymous sources" maybe he's using the same anonymous sources the rest of the media uses that are wrong time and time again. how many times has wapo or ny times had to do the same? quite a few. that make them misinformation sites as well? … 
hi this would be internet related. maybe try resetting your router or clearing the mac address 
all of my futures tattos gonna be bts related, i don't care its my body and its something so important to me and have so much meaning so yeah all bts tattos in my body, or just something that reminds me them 
hey brit. i’ll trade you. get cnn to say a kind word and we’ll say a kind word. better yet, get any one of the major news drive-bys to tell the truth about the president or his policies...or any of his supporters. 
peace through strength. no more being taken advantage of by friend or foe promises made, promises kept this is the reason we put him there look at the astounding record of accomplishment in 18 mos all while fighting against dems, msm, rinos, never trumpers, deep state impressive 
if manafort accepts a pardon he constitutionally revokes his 5th amendment right. he will then immediately be put on the stand regarding russia. he’ll then either sell out for nothing, or go back to prison for perjury 
“...i have the goods, like i always have, and always deliver what i promise. in journalism or intel.” … 
of course i want to support others in streaming but it's also kind of awkward when i'm speaking to someone in chat and get interrupted by "so and so, thank you for the follow!" and i'm very sure they feel equally awkward when i do the same or focus on interacting with my chat 
i did not say it was right or it was wrong, what i said was, had hillary won then these prosecutions would not be happening, that very fact makes it malicious prosecution by mueller. … 
my little sister just facetimed me from college to have me settle an argument about whether or not tony stark and various other avengers were tops/bottoms. im both proud and disturbed that her and i had the list aligned the same way >.> 
looking for a deal on your next new or used car? a smart place to start your search is with the farmers® car shopping service offered by truecar®. call me if you have any questions about this service and checking your auto coverage. 
yu at school or home ? 
neighbors were loud all night and it's a huge fan or anything but that's pretty cool 
yep. most of that is just bringing the results table back in for the dps values for various talents, traits, or combinations. 
our fans aren’t people who’ve seen or heard us, they’re people who see our tattoos and decide to talk to us 
let's not let this dwindle or lose pace, get lucy's foto all over fb, news, in shops, surgeries, banks, colleges, schools, 5 mor wks till the changes. seems ayyyyges away … 
um...pick up all the junk i see regardless of whether or not i need it 
i don’t know which is further, the walk to my car in lot 12 or the walk to chipotle 
planning a stream tonight (a short one maybe an hour or 2) just as a test more or less since i got new internet and such felt like it was worth giving it a shot but i wont be starting until im thinking 11:00 est #cleverisbackbaby 
it was fun and i'd definitely recommend the podcast - in general or as a guest … 
he's still in office, judges are still getting confirmed, and these aren't indictable or even impeachable offenses, so no, they don't end badly for trump. these are the equivalent to spilling coffee on your pants on the way to work. … 
look what happens to whites when they are a minority. we are witnessing white genocide in south africa. when the boer farmers are gone who's going to produce the food? we saw this in zimbabwe already. in england, the refugees and islamic culture seem to be winning. fight or die. 
don’t blink or you’ll miss it! #lightning #storm @cadillac, michigan … 
u don't care but we do. if u don't care then u shouldn't say whether or not they should be upheld. agreed on trump. but with him..it's not what he says, it's how he says it. but for real...i get what u were saying. most of us get what u said. the dems aint shit. we know that 
@ gabz_i_am who do you think is going home on #bigbrother? faysal or heighley? 
i wan ask question ooh. make una no kill me. assuming one of these guys makes mistake while filling his form, will he buy another one or will they replace it.... reasonable answers cos i wan buy my own for one small party. #iamigbotic 
and google draw or similar whiteboard program. 
i also feel that..rather than cutting ur diet ...just make ur body work more. unless or untill ur body has too more of a fat..that needs to be altered through diet.& nd understand that everybody has a different.body type .a particular weight is nt healthy for everybody. 
this smash or pass game needs to have an in between option 
#tytlive what the hell is sex with your car did jones stick his dick in the gas tank or something lol 
#johnmccain is an american hero. @ cnn needs to rename itself to !e or bravo. @ cnn is entertainment, not … 
wasn’t max in the lead for the first 14 or 15 rounds? if max won and scheer left, he’d take with him only the cons who voted for him as 1st choice. the right is scared max would not only split the right, & lose to junior, but embarrass the cpc with a kim campbell like finish. 
that's true. i don't have any view on his guilt or not - i've not seen any evidence beyond the leaks - but i'm concerned when it feels like a lot of ppl have made up their minds before evidence is presented. 
is 2k dropping it or is a youtuber bout to leak it? 
thats when they took away the "if its at 4hp you get the cs" or whatever im pretty sure 
yep. so many are such a dead heat in quality, it largely comes down to nostalgia, personal preference, mood, or the day of the week for me. … 
i just booked my 12th speaking gig for the next 8 wks & have never been more excited to boss up coast-to-coast with women and workplaces who believe in the power of gender equality! if i can be of service to you or your organization, let's team up! 
howard johnson’s had a great fried clam roll that i liked as a kid. i had one recently and it was tough and very salty. so, was the hjs bad and i didn’t know the difference or did the ones i had recently suck? very slow news day . sorry! 
“if he had mcvay or shanahan designing his playbook, he’d break the league.” aaron rodgers consistently destroys worlds with a hogh school playbook he’s the goat. … 
i can’t tell if she’s being sarcastic or 
and speak to him with gentle speech that perhaps he may be reminded or fear [allah]." ___surat taha ayah 44 
please give a follow to @ theuncletonysp sports podcast that's trying to make a move or two and would greatly appreciate any support 
this article by @ stephenaguilar for @ insidehighered on belongingness is everything! "find what works for you, and do not apologize for it." or as one of my favorite people always says "be you." #whereibelong #inclusion … 
it seems a shame to save panic attacks for special occasions like social events so i like to have mine while washing up or watching tv or lying in bed. 
all of cuomo’s cronies are in jail or under investigation for bid rigging and taking bribes. … 
at least the mariner talk is dying off for now.. or until they win their next series. 
there is people that can appreciate him much better in words, i'm just not good at that. i wish i could just show you my feelings when i think about him or when i see him, but i can't, so.. ♡ i love kun yay ♡ 
pm or text or dm now 
does anyone else get sick as soon as the weather starts changing or is it just me? 
kick-off is fast approaching! if you're not in merryville, tune in to @ country1057 for the play-by-play or stick with us for gameplay updates! 
spinning our wheels... nothing is going to become of this or any of the real collusion. we live with a two tiered system; theirs and ours. 
i know! my friend brynn went and she sent pictures. i was mad jealous. where was this when i lived there?? or all the times i visited??? 
afraid of getting curved, or embarrassing myself by finding out i approached him just for him to say he has a girlfriend . 
this specific spoof is based on a real meme about "ecosexuals" or whatever they're called. people who don't stop at hugging trees (but not consensual?!). i have no idea what it's about & how serious it is. but, there are ppl w/furry fetishes & mermaid fetishes, why not trees? 
i legitimately thought that was dog kibble & thought this was gonna be about pizza that caters specifically to dogs or some shit lmao 
#theworldwouldbebetterif elderly people went the speed limit, didn't pull out in front of people, or turned in their licenses instead of insisting on being independent and thereby robbing someone else of their life. 
my goal is to up my art style to be a fusion of classical and contemporary or something 
dead or alive - "brand new lover (remix)" 
means rgiii is safe or is being traded. 
prolly..... rei or kao.... but mostly rei.. 
no but it's pretty close. plus the incredible disappointment when it was new and nobody was braced for the horror. q meets the new crew! it sounds so great! then it was like putting chocolate in your chili or some horror 
he'd better get off to a fast start, or he'll be invited to a meeting with the mayor of hershey. … 
a review - goyo, ang batang heneral, the middle part of a planned trilogy, is visually impressive. if not for the presence of filipino actors, you could imagine it as a european or… … 
shoutout to my friends that like, comment or retweet everything i post. y’all the true ogs 
i've yet to find a religion belief (abrahamic at least) that warrants any degree of respect or acceptance. the basis for all of them is tenuous in the extreme & once you get to the extreme (read "nut case") end well.... but if that's what they want keep it out of our government. 
i will never believe a word that comes out of the mouths of donald trump, kirsten nielson, john kelly, or jeff sessions. 
if anti, gggb or rated r isn’t in your top 5, or top 3 rihanna albums, you can’t be trusted. 
if it’s for the framerates, i don’t mind that. i just don’t want them to lie or deflect it. if a game has to receive a downgrade purely for optimization, then do it. i just want them to be honest. either way, spider-man will still be a good game. 
aww. this makes me sad i can understand and feel the same way a lot of the time with me not really living near any of my family or friends, and not being able to visit them much at all... i hope they’re able to visit you soon or vice versa. & it makes you feel better 
sooner, rather than later. hang on to hope. i re-registered to vote the other day @my college, and i was stunned at the #of people who were too busy, not interested, or had to be somewhere. seriously, it takes less than 60 seconds! i stayed about an hr, after classes, to help. 
master is back with avengance. not doing meets or porn no more but got new vids i've been away due to private matters 
like a fine wine. is your skin a raisin or a grape? read --> 
i watched & my eyes immediately went to his fingers. are these men even the least bit aware or... 
hillsboro or usa - #funeral director/embalmer - funeral director - embalmer stonemor partners l.p. is conducting a search #career #work #job 
or get over it and let people express themselves how they want to? lmao (or should i say laughing my ass off) … 
protip: 18 u.s. code § 1001 - statements or entries generally | us law | lii ... even if you're not under oath, it's every bit as much a crime to lie to congress as is it is the @ … 
i should be prettier or more self aware given how many selfies i post but i’m happy to report that i’m neither! 
they desperately need help. last 2 hours they were directed to different counters at domestic terminal counters as they were coming from chennai. no one taking ownership. either staff is not having knowledge to deal or they don't care. now going to international.they need help 
if i don't get the trailer, foxxay content or raulson content soon i will go mad 
ride or die for my bitches period. 
you could order me a pizza or like bring me oreos or easy mac or literaly anything. im just dying. please i beg. 
or the skin peeling off of one of these guys when the prednisone he needs to breathe destroys his skin. 
california’s new #netneutrality law “prevents internet providers from blocking, slowing or favoring certain websites. it bans providers from collecting new fees from apps and sites as a condition of reaching internet users.” #nothugs … 
in at the window climbs, or o'er the tiles: 
something i put together at the shop yesterday..... very cool steampunk pendant necklace. come into enokz games + at 708 davis ave. in thief river falls or check out my store at … be 
can’t even try to go back either (not that i would or am considering it) because you just get shamed for leaving to begin with. 
its just really annoying to me and makes me not want to play duos or squads. i know its the way the game is but its just turns me off the game. 
the media made kkkrooked trump by encouraging this leper when he made untrue and offensive statements. the freak got free publicity during his campaign. the antidote is not to cover his rallies or report his stupid words. just challenge his daily lies-daily. 
i mean what would the judge hear that wasn’t already in front of him or her? ‘do you really mean what you already swore to under penalty of perjury?’ “yep.” ‘oh ok, well in that case i’ll approve this’ 
that’d be dumb. no rb is worth a firdt round pick or the money bell is asking for 
it ain't like these empty arena or underwater edits n stuff it's just a small part of the song with some effects to use it for an edit but i wanna know peoples thoughts n all … 
no sweets no bread no rice no junkfood and no coffee or hot choco for a week? hmmmmmmmm just plain water? and oats i guess... cus i need to remove this shitt my mum look at me like im a shit covered with fats 
you never saw yourself tear up for laughing so hard or turn red after i told you something cheesy. 
can we agree that someone is lying???? so whom is it? the dnc/msm/celebs???? --- or is it our own freakin border/police/ice unions and mlks family dr alveda king with trump?? whos corrupted? cauz they dont normally endorse. @ whitehouse @ realdonaldtrump @ 
i want to believe councillor batirai is a bulawayo man, either by birth or immigration. ward 24 is in nketa suburb. he undoubtedly is quite popular there, although his rival says only through manipulating the party system and misrepresentation. whatever the case, he prevailed 
or not libtard brian! 
that is a verifiable, certifiable, undeniable fact - any crab cake not made from blue crabs is a pretender. and a crab cake shouldn't need 'remoulade' or mayonnaise or anything other than to just be eaten. 
external locus of control: neurotically relying on authority figures to rubber stamp what you want to do or say. locus of control is what will my parents think, my teachers say, the govt. say, etc. all outside. you don't have to permissions to do what you want to do 
3 of 5 stars to pamela; or, virtue rewarded by samuel richardson … 
first governments are making conviction cases then giving these guy's status of haram men & want to destroy these haram men then try to ready their parents for these haram men genocide or wed these haram men with haram brides. 
i'd say you can't afford to not care right now with the state the country is in if you're in america. we can't do nothing. we can't blindly trust that things will get better because it won't. we need to make it better or it won't be better. 
or maybe he forgot? 
didn't get to watch...just recorded it. haven't looked at starts or nothing yet. lol. 
when people ask me why i been so distant the past few months and never come out or go to clubs … 
absolutely. i’ve been watching it 20 years now (just realized). whenever hoops or football has grabbed some mindshare they’ve puked on the feet of those who showed up. and that’s all it takes for people to walk until next time there’s some hype. 
sometime in the next few days, i'm going to clean up my goodreads again (i think i'll do it every two months or so just to keep it current and not let it get out of hand). would you guys be interested in me doing a video of the books i remove or that i'm on the fence about? 
no one can someone kill me please or at least bring me some fruit 
bullshit ! they could not sustain long hauls and heavey loads as petrol or diesel do ! recharging times are too slow and battery changeover prices too high! stick to your horse mate? 
no matter how bad you want it or how hard you try, some people just aren’t made for you. 
hello there. you can go to manage my booking via our app or web than you can add your baggage before 4 hours departure time. thank you have a great day - john 
i’ve few followers & follow fewer still. if i’ve interacted with you with some regularity, it means you’re among my favorite people on twitter. that said, let’s raise a glass and/or a good wish to one today. happy birthday, @ dagreb. cheers, pal. 
giving or l’s to miami baby!! lsu all day every day 
forget all of that. y’all black women always got something to say when you see a black men dating a white women, but it’s ok for you girls or women to date white men … 
@ hotytylcr facts i only like chocolate like yorks or kit kats 
you eat ass or nah — hell yeah i eat the booty like groceries … 
i really need more friends.... or more confidence to do stuff alone... 
are they also spreading a false narative in an effort to collapse america or is that just you? 
one dictionary defines 'wrangle' as meaning "to quarrel noisily or angrily." thus, a perfect choice of vehicle for you! and the fact you had to wrangle it to a safe stop and change its shredded tire is a bonus. its a karmic car warren. 
what or who is nexus 
if he plays with patty and simmer or patty and jake it will be fine. i have a feeling g may move back to center dropping 7 a year on jvr they use to be linemates 
friendship first or not , doesn’t really matter 
a watch or warning has been issued for your area. please go to for more 
i love when people ask if i’m old enough to drive or when do i graduate from high school 
also what or how can men know how sisterly love is, if it's not a perspective they can even be a part of lmao 
watch active measures documentary on twitter or hulu. the full story is there believe me...... … 
i dont know who is the worst actress mimi faust or lyrica 
or who publish everything they write. or take everything to final drafts in neat, little boxes. #teachwrite 
@ realdonaldtrump you should look in the mirror, or at a video of yourself. your mouth looks exactly like an ass hole. very fitting!!!! 
i believe in being an advocate for all people! psa: women are not the only people who get sexually assaulted or physically/emotionally abused!!! i’m tiyad of professors teaching as if that’s the case. 
hopefully they tweet saying we arrived and no longer at the airport so armys at lax please go home.. or something like that. @ bts_twt 
yes, they are human but it's not healthy for them or others to celebrate obesity like it's ok. 
i understand you guys have concerns and i'll be hosting a miiverse is hell will be maybe an hour or two late tonight depending. 
try shopkick and we'll both get points toward a free gift card! use code fun025671 or download 
@ colewrightnfl @ nflfantasy @ toddpfowler @ mattmoneysmith @ michael_fabiano help 10 team ppr i need a te, austin s jenkins, ricky s jones, eric ebron, jared cook or mike gesicki 
i mean no really cares about anyones major beside their own the fact you decided to dog on biochem majors only is senseless. i dont see why people cant just be happy for other people no matter what their major may be regaurdless if you give a fuck or not 
so these reactions only come from non-americans or, more specifically, latinos? 
i've done that once or twice. … 
but. the @ newyorker. won’t. this now rescinded interview was for “value.” david remnick quoted below... “the question is whether an interview has value in terms of fact, argument, or even exposure, whether it has value to a reader or an audience." 
10 ways to prevent or reverse osteoporosis … 
colin kaepernick is the face of nike’s new “just do it” campaign … nothing like a massive corporation ruffling a few feathers, what do you guys think about this?? is it a shitstorm or a storm in a teacup? 
they’re permanent until they’re not. that’s really the best way to put it. it can be changed through case law, change in legislation, or court appeals. 
@ skyuk it's time for me to go back to @ bt_uk or my even try @ virginmedia..... your broadband service is shocking 
or maybe i do both? 
well, he certainly isn't considering whether he will vote for kavanaugh or wait to hear from his constituents. he already did, when he cashed their checks. 
i can't confirm "gender studies" or "white privilege" for certain, but would i be surprised if they were teaching garbage like that nowadays? hell no. i still am a glass-is-half-full type of guy, but we sure do live in a fuc-ed up society now, where perversion & evil is rampant 
just tell em stop or are u on freeway 
r2: buses are operating on or close to schedule following earlier traffic congestion on riggs rd btwn powder mill rd & heatherwood ct. 
neat! didn't know that was a thing. or that they could grow up here. though many peeps say the same of our peaches. 
tbh people are just letting the media and social media divide them. like i don’t have to agree with you but that doesn’t mean i’m going to disrespect you. and no one is open minded or willing to compromise anymore. a lil bit of open minded will get you a long ways. 
no thank you. chicken fingers in honey or plain, that’s it 
(i wear two silver rings on a daily basis, so i’m stuck between matching what i have or getting something different/pretty) 
not saying that having kap in the nike ad was a good or bad idea. but nike has been using child labor and sweat shops for years, and we all still bought their shoes. 
well my name is boring ig but uhh should i put emoji? or idk another hashtsg? 
plywood is the metaphor for all the obstacles (may it be people or circumstances) that have been separating aldub. tamang panahon 2 is coming soon … 
are you considering playing a sport in college? if you may be at the division 1 or division 2 level, check out this information from the ncaa about eligibility and high school academic requirements. … #studentathletes #ncaa #wisstrojans 
the top 3 songs on @ shazam in #ottawa are on your radio, right now!! #321jump - @ mrdradio. listen on the @ radioplayerca app or 
one hour from now, who else is joining me? tonight at 8pm cst. go to to watch, or call 213-226-1066, enter 790-145-267#to listen 
also ive seen some say not nice things but i've seen more say unpleasant facts b/c they know the truth about him which isn't related to his greasy self or his age. they say it bc they care about gaga & are right to do so. she doesn't have a great record of choosing good men. 
i’m not saying i agree or disagree with the boycotts but it’s just funny 
if you have a paper due that you haven’t started at 11:59 and it’s 11:57 and you get on a plane to nevada where it is 9:57, is it late or early? 
mmm maybe as 2 or 3 years. it was the first server i played on 
the democrats' definition of #bipartisan is give up your position and give us your vote. it's our way or the highway. 
officially sold out of all large, xlarge and xxlarge sizes. only have smalls and mediums left and a handful. so if you wanna cop a tshirt and youre a small or medium remember (sololovesyou) at checkout for 20% off. words cannot describe how blessed i am 
global warming has a direct or indirect effect on plants, water sources, animals, or the surrounding environment of the human. so, it can easily make human worse than ever. via ^minhl 
looking for book suggestions. specifically something to do with psychology or, politics, corruption, or even conspiracy theories. 
uhhhh not to go off brand or anything...... but every song on the legally blonde musical album is still a bop to this day 
even if that was their entire job, that's a lot to keep up with. hence, form responses and, in some cases, no responses. my advice here, keep a spreadsheet with dates and whether or not they respond/when they should respond by. 
friends are important to tell you, while you think about half full or half empty, that your glass is broken. #twertzogday #twertzog 
not sure if that’s tied up to the next step of construction (meaning it would interfere) or if is just a money issue. either way at least secure the cable that was hanging at the game. @ fiufootball @ fiuathletics 
again, who to believe. an award-winning journalist with a lifetime of accolades? or an admitted con artist and fraud, a serial liar and carnival barker, an adulterer with no morals, a man who lies about his lies, then lies some more. i believe woodward. #ibelievewoodward 
or just don't have spawns. i decided at 18 i didn't want any kids. best decision of my life. 
he’s never made the catchy kind of music you bang at parties & sing along to w/ friends every day. he makes music that tells a story or sends a message. what you listen to in your headphones when you wanna hear some real shit from a real dude who really went thru it 
i’ll either be watching both tonight or tommorow i’m in so much pain from my hip 
or what he'll call out the national guard to seize them 
what those basics are, i'll leave it to the fuqaha' for elaboration. i'm not condemning any schools or sects. you don't see me doing that. 
heya, jesse! that's a good question. our monthly membership starts at $14.95/month, but can range in price depending on your location. you can pause your membership for 1-6 months at a time, or cancel it any time. feel free to dm us if you have more questions! 
buy the way. i don't mean to poke fun or trash on this officer. i've made my mistakes over the years some have passed without issue some cost me a job. this post was to point out a common error we all make. if it feels good to do/or say you probably shouldn't. cont.... 
trump offered citizenship to over a million daca kids. democrats dont care for illegals or they would have taken that deal! repubs negotiated, dems just wanted to make a fiasco out of it. they played politics and ended up with nothing. 
what if the security guard or tha makcik cleaner is already kat atas tapi kita kat bawah bcs we different floor? … 
dats a day after my birthday, i wish i has the money for it but sooner or later ill see u skizzy thats guaranteed! 
hey..."nobody'spuppet"...lol. can you give me, or tell me where the stats on bc being big on max are?? i'm interested !! 
hyper armed? to real americans, hyper armed is 1000 guns or more in your collection. you are hyper demented and hyper disgusting to view. 
it was pretty fun to write. took forever, was a thousand or two words longer 
like either say fuck your party and be a left hero by voting against even though he’ll still pass, or say fuck the maine voters i think abortion is murder. i honestly think she’s just a coward of a person, wants to minimize confrontation. 
my gt is "triplethreat98" send me an invite or leave your gt down below. i'm playing crackdown on backwards compatibility right now. 
or just do both! 
iso i need a bluetooth cash register printer - i had a star micronics 650ii online it says i can use epson tm m 10 or tm- m30 it quit today of all days!! 
i wonder too, what specifically is feeling male or female? 
@ jameshorowitzmd what do you do with extremely obese patients who present in shock and in whom you suspect pe but pt cannot fit in ct scanner or vq scan? 
also just a nugget of insight i don’t see any other brands branding behind you marlena! like @ viseart @ urbandecay or @ jeffreestar @ ofracosmetics or i could go on and on and do you know why? they have class! 
i’m torn. the impulse was overwhelming. this tweet has me on the fence. i really cannot decide if i want a hot dog or a pig in the blanket 
y’all! my baby wouldn’t let me carry her into daycare or out, she had to walk like a big girl. and she just peed on the potty! too much in one day for this momma 
read receipts on or off? 
kinda shows what environmentalists extremes can cause. no logging, grazing, or forest controls, but hey we are saving the earth! we would not have these extreme fires if 20 yrs. of liberal b/s had not become standard government policy! thank god for trumps administration! 
we're glad to see it all worked out in the end. if there are any other questions or concerns in the future be sure to let us know and we'll be happy to review. thanks for keeping us in the loop! ~mark y. 
why didn’t you answer old questions? — bcz i dont want to answer non sense questions that won’t benefit me or others, so educate meee pls … 
is he key or peele? 
i do not wanna hear or watch shawn mendez. i want the ball the be kicked off already 
that's all the liberals know how to do. they no longer live with honor or integrity. 
point taken - gated gps block light to medium players out. but they might also change player behavior, driving players into lgs to earn pwp. and for those locked out, i think one or more semi-main events solve much of the problem (ptq, beta draft-style tiered qualifiers) 
or do - but with the prerequisite that you’re open to having your mind changed by both scientific research and lived experiences and don’t wall off a part of your brain after the thought, “it’s a choice”. … 
i know, right?? complete sentences, words with three syllables (or more), no word salad, no unhinged departures from the speech to pat himself on the back, so refreshing! 
good carbs vs. bad carbs: how to choose the right ones | many people avoid eating carbohydrates to help them lose weight. however, some carbohydrates are beneficial and can be healthful when included in the diet. carbohydrates can be simple or complex, a… 
where do you all live that none of you lock your doors?? do you not watch scary movies? or the news?? 
typical brexit selfservative, will say anything in an attempt to push their agenda. perhaps this one might backfire, if put under scrutiny, or other eu politicians start saying the same about brits living in their countries. 
is it me or is you cold cause the feelings you ain’t showin poking out ya clothes. 
streaming simpsons then either scorcher (2002), evolver (1995), trancers (1984), or elysium (2013) here in 10 
@ halleygator i just got the call from @ creekentgretna starting monday the rake doubles for two or more bankers. 
@ thomas1774paine there wasn’t a single question about antitrust or what is being done to silence shadow hide or whatever to businesses accounts on twitter and facebook and the top leaders of the companies were right there. why? you’re smart tp what is going on? what a joke 
anyone doing development in #aws using #c? looking for some examples or an sdk etc. #programming 
made the crowd a part of the show. you cant teach or learn that 
i wish i had an older brother so i could have him beat every nigga ass that wasted my time or hurt my feelings 
handle that she need her hair done every week or every other week 
yeah, i figured. what i'm doing seems to be working for me. i haven't tripped up on voice or style yet, so i feel okay about it. if i had to choose a project, i think i'd know which to choose, but i just don't want to. i enjoy them both so much! 
do i wanna go to dreamville fest or see nipsey hussle... 
on a sum 41 catalog deep dive. is “the hell song” one of their best songs or am i crazy? 
just a random face, is he menacing or just hungry? messing around with doing a quicker more cartoony style. 
prove your extraordinary claim about god itself being on par with ra or zeus or odin 
noted the "growing concern about the extent of freedom of speech in hong kong, particularly in the context of discussion of independence", while also stating that britain does not think independence is a realistic or desirable option. 
this is scotch. he’s been missing for a while here in oxford. if you see him call the oxford pd 662-232-2400 or 801-913-6742 @ oxfordpolice @ olemissrebels @ 
does anyone else remember 2012 instagram where people would post ‘0 second ninja’ and keep track of how fast someone would like their pictures and stuff? or is it just me? 
but do i rly look like 0 time to watch anime or read manga lmao fuck rip 
cooks or royce 
you didn’t follow the case or evidence, did you? zimmerman was walking back to his car in order to drive to the gate and meet officers that were en route. witnesses supported this. martin also told his girlfriend that he was going to “get” zimmerman. 
i can't fuckib believe there are gorillaz shirts in my town. i need them but. ain't got no job. or money. cuz. mexico economy am i right fellas. 
to be fair it was a meltdown whether justified or not she lost focus of the match and let the umpire get under her skin... if it were nadal or fed it will probably be the same headline.. or what would the use? 
anything can happen ...i guess... trying not to be disappointed or too hyped up 
pewter flower girl earrings pearl one single pearl simple earrings on silver or gold hooks by haileyallendesigns 
if you have sustained > a 40 lb weight loss for >2 years, how did you do it? (or other in comments only had 4 slots) 
may or may not be working on a secret surprise thing. and i say "may or may not" bc i have no way of knowing if ill get fed up 1/4 of the way through & trash it 
rt ohio joe manchik is running for us congress in cd 12 no corp, lobbyist or pac listed below are some policies he supports: single payer end wars $15 mw rcv tuition free college green jobs legal cj reform follow @ joe_manchik vote 
debating whether to tweet something or draw it instead 
i forgot to add before that if you have four people overall, you can do four or five words per person. i've found the funniest games have dirty words in them; get creative! 
curly or straight hair — on a girl? … 
. @ senatorcollins. do you think gop/trump mistresses will have to use one of these or will they just send them where it is legal, when the court bans abortion? 
would you rather drink water for the rest of your life or drink whatever you want but it has to have a drop of pee in it 
not when you behave like that in final you don't. so anyone who speak against serena is hater or bigot. i call them decent people that like to see the game and the rules that govern it respected. not first time serena has done this and sadly it won't be her last. 
"or suppose a king is about to go to war against another king. will he not first sit down and consider whether he is able with ten thousand men to oppose the one coming against him with twenty thousand?" ~ luke 14:31 
every person on each team gets three pieces of paper, on which they write whatever word comes to mind. there should only be one word (unless it's a compound word/phrase, like jumping jack) on each paper; no adjectives, only nouns or verbs, i.e. running, dog, toilet. 
a cvs receipt length thread of all the times male and white female tennis players have acted out in the ways serena williams did and did not receive any penalty or lose any points. yes, that receipt pun was intended. … 
3 reasons why is not necessary or advisable to place a bell or a cat cascabel the image of a cat cascabel with a … 
what are those ingredients? is chocolate flake like sprinkles? or crunchies? 
me earlier: cant wait to get home and play a game or do music stuff!! me now, not having the energy to do either: h 
just kill someone else x and stay consistent sooner or later the damand for you and @ _kay_shine will be undeniable 
u can always turn the people against a "boss" or someone high up on a food chain.....the same with any grown man too lol 
are you a wall or a fortress? 
while it's still crazy that these great kids are seniors, that they are and i couldn't be more excited, proud or happy for them! see you tomorrow night as we kick-off homecoming week at tri-valley with coronation! <3 … 
or maybe he found out you stole and he tuwama! 
okay~ i'll send a tweet either tmr or so abt how many extras i have! 
do these contactless payments want to come out my bank or what!! does not take three days 
you still beating women or nah? 
up to 50% off cut, root touchup, highlights or balayage at top ues salon 
win or loose sometimes it’s just about coming together to celebrate a great team with great friends heres to a great season go blue! #nygiants #metlifestadium #giants #friends… … 
@ mycorreale #271 it didn't take quik-e mart simpsons scenes 4me to never touch a 7-11 hotdog or anything sitting in a heated roller. idc if they were just cooked. i could prepare taquitos or whatever at home if i was wt; cheaper, healthier & no degradation to my self worth. 
i totally agree with this, no matter who the president is, no matter his or her party, race, or religion, we should be able to criticize them. however legitimate criticism of pres. obama was often deemed racist or of candidate hillary sexist. that is the opposite of this idea. 
i genuinely can't tell if you're just self plugging shamelessly or if you're trying to pretend that isn't you 
im either a bitch or im not there is no in between 
40 odd things about me . . . 1. do you like blue cheese? ranch girl here 2. coke or pepsi? coke 3. do you own a gun? sure do 4. what flavor of kool-aid? blue raspberry lemonade 5. hot dogs? yep!! 6. favorite tv... … 
@ rainbow6game i haven’t played a game today where i didn’t get teamkilled, i’m not having fun, plus joining games late and getting kicked for literally no reason. i feel like you should get 100 renown everytime u get teamkilled, or even 50 renown 
if you're struggling with storage space, organization, or just need a way to stop losing your keys, check out these stylish diys! :) 
are the people having this commentary hip-hop fans or are they just stanning specific artists? 
"well...i guess i do help people thanks to my line of work. or...none-work. i'm kinda like a cool werewolf mercenary! claws for hire!" 
the smart part of my brain: go take a shower, or do some homework, or help clean the suite, please just do something anything productive the rest of my brain: eat chicken tenders.... in ur underwear. while watching cartoons 
gorillaz "feel good inc" or "humility" 
her husband is my hero. i could never.. not in a millions years, or with any pills. 
those must be really thick slices or absurdly overpriced 
or be safe! can’t type but..safe travels. 
regardless of how far a person goes, or how disrespectful they get, i refuse to let their ugliness rub off on me. two wrongs don’t make a right. i want to be able to close my eyes and be happy with who i am. don’t make a fool make you look foolish. 
aren't you more or less in middle of coverup of @ realdonaldtrump sending @ donaldjtrumpjr to get dirt on hillary from russia/ putin & directing him & others to lie to deny he did it> obstruction of justice! … @ chrislhayes @ joenbc @ jonkarl @ costareports @ ac360 
lots of military & leos in my family. joking is just so grossly inappropriate here. my heart aches that the families of the soldiers who gave their lives will hear this. i'm so sorry this president is utterly without a shred of decency or respect. 
is it just me or is that boy in the red hoodie at the end 12yo?? 
right or the spider man one that just came out lol 
#18weeks ready to find out if baby twigg is a boy or a girl!! … 
strawberry cinnamon bread is always a hit for dessert or as a tea time treat - soft, moist and so fr … 
@ realdonaldtrump feeling a little down today? maybe some numbers or ppl got you down? if only you could just walk away from it all! leave it behind you! you can you know....just tell your secretary to write the words “i resign”. 
@ christophersean i can so see you on hawaii 5 0, criminal minds, ncis, or any other of my favorite shows. please let us see u again. ♡ 
wednesday, 9/12, is the last day for early bird tickets to the 2nd annual defeat dipg dream big gala, presented by @ darcars. prices increase on 9/13. can't make it? sponsor a dipg family ticket or donate to the auction. #defeatdipg 
there’s not enough sex, drugs, or love that’ll take me away from tmh. he’s been too good to me. he’s kept me from being the woman in darkness. he has snatched me out of so much. and i’ll be damned if i ever go back to that path again. never again. these scriptures have saved! 
yes, the days following 9/11 were nothing i had experienced prior or since. but we still see it when neighbors help each other after disasters. i wonder how much of the division is orchestrated. how much are we being manipulated? 
today will be a better day, for whoever needs to hear it. (or tomorrow since it’s late) … 
foul mouth or ex's tears. if you want to keep it blue 
for the first time tonight i cooked dinner for my younger sibs and they did not utter one complaint or pick at it and ate it all on one go. they grow up so fast. 
rambo 4 (2008) | "live for nothing or die for something" | 1080p blu-ray … 
honestly, sometimes i give up and just say, “a bra is a thing that women wear, shut up, i don’t care if you can see it, i bought this shirt without thinking and i’m not throwing away my money.” or i wear a skin coloured bra and pretend like no one can see the strap. lol 
we're heading to #ona18 this week! come find us during our session "let's talk about what works with local" on thurs at 3:30pm or join a training on our products for journalists including @ youtube @ googleearth @ googletrends @ googleanalytics & more! full schedule 
uber!!!!!!!!!!! or park for free in crossroads and take @ kcstreetcar 
@ rogers are the worst owners in pro sports, worse than the wilpon family or james dolan 
be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear. . . ---------------------------------------------------- travel & explore philippines! #byahenidilon… … 
ropes around or wrist?! louis is this you???!? 
skyway somco's one calling number: (02) 318-toll or (02) 318-8655 ; email address: 
kerry has no business going to an enemy state to negotiate anything. or is barry still calling the shots? why hasn’t he been arrested? 
reality check time again or sacrilege? … 
geseki or however you spell it. he’s the biggest threat imo 
the difference between democratic campaign slogans and republican campaign promises is that the republicans will try to keep those promises. they are just talking points with no substance or even intention sometimes from the dems. “that was just a campaign promise” said hellary. … 
would you rather cry every time you introduce yourself or have to burp the entire introduction whenever you introduce yourself? 
tomorrow we'll be selecting the winner of 2 tickets to this sunday's home opener! follow us on ig & twitter and post a pik or video of you in your @ deebogear with the tags #windeebostickets & #deebogear for your chance to win! 
okay. so, i went online to go see how many of the famous people from my school actually majored in the songwriting concentration as well as the recent and upcoming famous students and it’s like they didn’t even major in songwriting but in music business or audio production. 
and his reaction after minseok became flustered, 'its true its true' or sth like that 
avoid using generic or “system reserved” names such as “date”, “table”, i’ve even seen once “variable” as a db field name! #programming #tips #advice 
do you have to be an affiliate or just one member @ brehmaaa @xmysterious12 
i think mr. c. should get a towel (or 2) under her pdq or that box will get manky. tonite's the nite! 
or holding shopping bags in my hand or receiving an email confirmation of my purchases or it’s already in my stomach … 
or a nearish rhyme for nursery. 
"i was gov. of all the people in the state, not just the ones who voted for me, the ones who liked me, or the ones who agreed w/me. i’d like to carry that same principle into the senate." check out & follow @ philbredesen. #fixitphil #tnsen #getthingsdone 
i don't think this is true, a lot of the most well known digital artists have their personal lives pretty private, like ilya kuvshinov or sakimi-chan. though as an artist you are providing a unique approach to a common craft so it's not wild to think popular ones are celebs. 
did you even bother to read the whole tweet or thread? what part of “i love him dearly” wasn’t clear? you have zero insight to our relationship and i’m getting real sick of your judgements and unsolicited advice. back off. 
there is something really fishy about this entire account....it will be interesting to see if there was some relationship between the two of them or a prior confrontation of some sort. 
@ patchbae hi, i'm a journalist working for noisey on djsforpalestine, could it be possible to ask you some quick questions by pm or email please? 
devon forgiving lily. or as he said, nothing to forgive. i knew he would. it just happened sooner than i thought. #yr 
sometimes i just rt stuff i don't really understand or care about but ik my friends do so i just do it for them to see it and when they like or rt i am like: hahaha yeah buddy ik you and feel proud 
funny how everytime i come around people start to mumble or whisper. like why tf can’t you just talk shit to my face. i’m scrawny asf not like i can do shit. 
woohoo! corned beef or pot roast? 
he’s the devil lmao was he here when you spent the night? or at my nana’s? 
i so want it t be brett, jc, or sam 
drake or t pain had better features? 
what are you referring to anna ?? my new profile pic on fb ?? it is a picture that was taken in 2014. or, are you referring to the page "michael bolton page" and asking if it is mine because it is not my page. i have nothing to do with it but they are using my profile pic, 
that's a different subject, suppose you rather have crook in office. at least he is trying whether you agree or not 
what do you want from life? everyone has different things they are passionate about or dream about having. #therapy 
this is a ridiculously stupid and incredibly racist / pro-cop thing to report as news. i bet he owns a smart phone too! or is saddled with student debt! … 
black friday or cyber monday 
@ evansilva .... alex collins or chris thompson ppr? 
one of the things that's bugging me lately about my diet is the lack of options i have when eating out. cutting carbs seems easy until you realize how many of your favorite meals come on a bun, or half the meal is a side of potatoes, and there's no real substitutions. 
or in his system. i’m sure the toxicology report is next smfh … 
i've heard rumors of action (or possible action) by state attorneys general against twitter, facebook, and google. this is concrete news. … i've seen twitter cancelling my own retweets. that goes beyond shadow-banning. . 
@ nflfantasy c.kupp, l.fitzgerald, g.allison or t.gin? standard league #fixmyflex 
never been a big fan of em at all but this whole month has been weird for rap fans regarding him, the album was okay but people act like its trash on here like okay means something's bad and then killshot was alright too. people's standards are too high or they're just tryna hate 
it would be really nice to get an updated response to this in particular: … "summon a ______ to help you" on a piece of azurite gear is a wonderfully vague and infuriating description for something that may be a good dps upgrade (or may not?) 
will be back in a year or two to see it again. 
is one meant to be "canon" and the other not? are they two alternate tellings of the same events? does one happen off-screen during the events of the other? perhaps @ tyson_hesse or @ cfwhitehead might be able to shed some light on the matter? 
let me add @ jerriwilliams1 to the thank you list. first met jerri when she was communications director at @ septa. was smart enough never to have run into her or anyone else from the @ fbiphiladelphia i asked her hard questions all the time but she was good for the transit … 
wrong. you most certainly can. it's not a good idea in case you come across trouble, like a sudden storm or something, but it's not necessary to alert anyone. especially if all you're doing is flying over it. i take it you've never watched a documentary on antarctica. 
and the nope came because supposedly i hadn't painted, or hadn't painted enough, fuck if i know, and somehow, that relates to paint that peeled 5 years ago, that i then touched up, five years ago. i was told 3 different things by 3 different people. none make sense added together 
411 innovations spanish homework/inglés tarea spanish: describe what you see in this video in 60 words or more in front of the camera. inglés: describe lo que vez en el video en 60 palabras o mas frente a la cámara. via @ youtube 
that's an awful "dent" you got in that there bottle! was #daydrunkdon @ donarseneault over, or what? 
it's like surfing, if the wave is going one way you go that way or you wreck or you bail and the grommets laugh at you 
i’m not sure if it’s @ microsoft faught, @ xbox faught, @ activision faught or @ callofduty faught.. but i’ve been looking forward to playin cod all week and all day i’ve been trying to download this game jumping through hoops with all their customer services and still haven’t played 
i should actually kill me please or at least bring me some fruit 
every last one of them will lie, cheat & steal to destroy trump & his supporters. anything goes. no holds barred. no low to how low. just another 3rd world acting gov't. even a justice or two are in on it. #confirmjudgekavanaugh 
well there you go, then! have an excellent evening. just for grins though, if you’re still game (won’t fault you if you’re not): if you knew you had the facilities off-site somewhere, or access to a doctor or a scientist to save the embryo, which one would you choose? 
i'm waffling between writing or working on hawks wig attempt number 3 
right!!! politics has no place in anyone's reproductive organs or their sex lives!!!! 
it’s 1am and i have completed 2 cakes this week. this is approximately 3 (or 4) hours earlier than i expected to finish. (stand down non-cake makers. you won’t understand my triumph. ) #extremecakemakers 
man your head is fulled with acid? or is this just love? 
do you believe in me or am i nothing 
it's missing a verb and simply notes that the plaintiff or prosecutor in any civil or criminal action brought by the federal government gets to call itself "the united states." … 
its wiki page is particularly bad. i hate movie pages that just recap the movie, with no explanation of things like who uncle rico actually is, or what the deal with napoleon & kip’s parents is. 
i continue to be so proud of you. i can tell that you're putting all (or at least most) of yourself into the new videos. i am grateful and again, so very, very proud. 
hey tex, lots is being done- forward progress as you can see. i mean, it’s not a tax cut for billionaires, but yknow at least it will help protect 39.5 million californians (or more!) in the future so i think it’s kind of cool. 
or on his body! … 
he was a racist colonialist widely hated outside england. not many in wales, scotland or indeed liverpool have a good word to say about him. what he did to the bengali’s, the irish and african’s was unforgivable. today he’d be a war criminal 
you either hate facts and truth or your a homosexual. i say that because you block trump supporters and have a lot to say about homophobia. 
no. just because ozil scored a goal does not mean he has been a success at arsenal. like it or not, he should be our david silva, our hazard, our henry- talismanic and dragging us through games. i couldn’t agree more with jermaine jenas 
i do not recommend downing 9 drinks in less than 3 hours with no food or water; apparently this results in severe alcohol poisoning. 
true but it would do more for his legacy winning a ring or ny or la that might be intriguing for him, especially ny him and kyrie would be legends in ny for winning a ring there 
have to figure, unlock the next level, animate a corpse or get super powers- it's gotta do something 
the little things (or) how do i otp? … by @ neenaoffline #fnconf18 @ fnconf 
cognitive behavior therapy (cbt) has been proven to treat anxiety. call one of our cbt- trained psychologists to get the help you or your loved one deserves. #fighttheworrybully… … 
do you play or go home? … 
the other day i was sitting in the audience at kathy griffin and bought my tickets to see @ cher and i’ve never felt gayer or older. 
oh cool i didn't know there was a test i just thought i went in and was like hey listen i can't get anything done and they're either like ok cool here's some meds or nah you lyin'. 
i see...good point. i don't believe it's immaterial whether true or false. i also don't believe letting this woman testify to the committee would delay the vote...let all the facts come out and be looked out...let her have her say. good evening :) 
i’m bout to get a drink or 6 
i'm pc and ps. i don't play ow (or multiplayer games), though. haha. 
sooner or later i'm gna watch alvin and the chipmunks: road chip 
call me whatever you want but the only crimes done here in germany are from middle eastern or african people even now they tried to blow up a gay club in the name of islam or whatever religion of peace my ass 
should i watch sunday night baseball or sunday night football? 
"you just don't know the substance that you're ingesting... they cut the drug with all sorts of substances... if you're buying a pill from some organised crime group or from a bikie, know that you have a real risk of overdosing" - dutton making a strong case for pill testing here … 
i need a blunt or two 
at dinner, and a lady at the table behind me called a gif a jif. you may lean one way or the other, but god himself could come down and tell me it’s called a jif and i still wouldn’t say it that way. 
just spent $55 on the side or is that just a thing here in indiana 
"stage-four endometriosis." you know, when the royal women's hospital accidentally realised i had endometriosis last week there was no discussion about the stage of disease progression or any treatment at all. it's almost like if you're not a media star... 
there is a reason juvenile records are sealed, only to be unsealed if there is a pattern of repeated bad behavior. release the police report, or is there one? otherwise it is he said she said and as teens, wtf? 
i think cayce once said that in the kingdom, we all age down to 33 or age up to 33...the age jesus lived to... … 
so i got this little mermaid bluetooth speaker but the nonstop colour change drives me insane. it's too fast and there's no way to shut it off or slow it down. if you're sensitive to light shifts or epileptic don't play this, or hide the post. 
they either die together or they dont at all 
do you measure your success in photography by what you know about lights or cameras? and are you satisfied to simply follow what everyone else is doing and what everyone is learning? or do… … 
i need a new series to watch on netflix or hulu. any suggestions?! 
i wasn’t allowed to watch caillou or spongebob 
pics or it didn't happen ;) (we want baby pics!) … 
there's also a little park with a waterfall or some kinda falls and it's so peaceful 
couple more. ran a bit back up the hill to beat getting rained on or possibility worse. 
so amazing!!! thank you jason and please thank your coaches, teachers, and admins for their support of the t-shirt sales. troy schools and community showed that #togetherwefight is more than a hashtag or a t-shirt slogan. … 
ally has any movie that marked you or td thrilled you? #askally 
how does someone with visual or mobility impairments navigate that calamity? 
do you prefer earpods or headphones? — earpods … 
this "social credit" system that china s is looking to implement is horrifying. big brother in all its worst. what a coercive, scary system that allows no diversity, no variety or individuality, no quirkiness. i fear for our future societies. 
we dive back into the mad mad world that is "silent hill 4: the room" in an attempt to finish it before my "medically suggested bedtime" arrives. sullivan... this ends here... or my wife will be pissed. #twitch #twitchaffiliate 
i have no one to give me a simple hug or cuddles. you do so that is a plus to be considered. 
until this year i didn’t know about lulu, or mrs. poston, or anyone else who helped make this city a better place for people like me to live. they deserve to be remembered better. 
most are not aware of the truth. many chose a side without researching or even bothering to come volunteer. our mission is already a huge success. children are being saved. trafficking is being disrupted. dope is being intercepted. cartel communications are being compromised. -k 
european and north american capitalism does not have the intentionality or purpose to develop afrika for benefits of the grassroots of afrika. european and north american capitalism exists… … 
o bona once i get this leteisi, in blue or red? i'd be a graduated rakgadi. can't sit with me, can't sit near me. just can't 
@ fatpipeabq @ nmtechcouncil @ ewhitmore @ jjcousins small business payroll <10 employees. which would you choose - adp or gusto? hartford has best workers comp ins price says both. 
in today's @ jamaicagleaner. grab a copy or read online: ja music conference runs november 15 - 18 entertainers and music industry professionals are set to gather in kingston from… … 
on behalf of my gender, i am sorry. the recent flood of women acknowledging that they were assaulted and/or raped and traumatized for life is heart-breaking and sickening. we must do better. 
fully convinced that everyone i meet in life is for a reason, whether it’s good or bad 
concerned about what? the wild misperceptions if others? those who think i’m a racist because the media told them that the internet told them that is racist, were long gone and are beyond reason. what are we fighting here? or are we pandering to stupidity? 
and dez bryant... or anyone that can catch 
@moms who’s kids sleep on cots at daycare. does anyone use sheets? or one of those little nap mats to make it more comfy? k is used to a mattress at home and a crib at daycare so i feel like he’s going to hate this new cot thing. 
i have no idea what to tweet or how to even use twitter lol i just got this cos a load of people have it lmao 
if you’re gonna critique me you at least be better as good or better.... fall 
you keep answering me that means that you care .. actually im the one answering you , #mexicanhater you are big brother material dont do anything that needs something fisical or puzzles .. 
if you go by anything other than he or she you are fucked in the head. 
all the other world leaders have realized that all you have to do is smack his name on something, give him a shiny object or throw him a parade and trump will do whatever they want. such a tough negotiator.... 
or just say they had weed 
from what i know, there are not a lot of players playing online on pc for quartet knights. you would be waiting in queue for hours just to get a 4vs4 match. or just be playing against bots. i haven't played online yet. this is just what i read from the steam reviews. 
bought a couple of punnets of strawberries today. none at coles or aldi. thank goodness for the small asian green grocers. cut them up and had with yoghurt. delish. keep buying. 
ladiessss drop your snap or ig, i need newer prettier faces to look at 
like i don’t understand what urge overcomes someone’s body and/or mind to sayyid i such things. but it’s not meant to be understood. ladies just be aware! … 
brilliant, can actually improve instead of playing either someone who is terrible and beat easily or a pro who'll destroy you 
i’ve heard that they like to hide lol if they not hiding, try the grocery store or ducked off in the club. only the light skins wanna be seen. chocolate in the byke lol 
1st. "they" think you steal everything from reddit thus your content is not your own. 2nd. articles of "top weapons in destiny or top 5 problems in destiny" are low hanging fruit as far as content goes. 3. its the internet 
so two billionaire media barons, were involved in the knifing of a pm because they are so scared of us changing the rules so working people have better wages & better job security. it seems they will do or say anything to avoid having to share … 
'it's pretty bleak': mayor of small nc town says @ realdonaldtrump must see 'desperate circumstances' town, like many in #northcarolina has no water, sewage system or gas. … 
do you know the definition of vandalism? or are you just an illiterate tool? 
@ realdonaldtrump pls help those of us conservatives badly shadowbanned-twitter takes followers/locks you in notifications shows almost 0 or 0 all day-when we ask who sees we get 1or2 responses-got 300-500 followers a day & they shut me down! i know they’re doing it to others, too 
come see me perform october 25th ! a little info about me that most of you don’t know growing up at about the age of 13 or so and throughout high school, i was a member of this amazing dance... … 
out of curiosity, did n.korea agree to discontinuing its nuclear arms or that they would not build anymore missiles? just curious because depending on how the agreement is stated depends on what they can get away with and not have the united states declaring war. 
not sure you would know a fact if it hit you in the face, you are so delusional. reason or truth? clearly, you don't know anything about either. gullible little soul. 
the only time i block people is if they have done anything to me or if they are annoying me 
@ kellyannepolls @ senatorlankford some seniors have $200 to much to qualify for any extra help or foodstamps! but we see immigrants in line first, free everything. housing, food, a emergency check!! seniors are treated second class citizens! 
you know damn well this is not in their jurisdiction! the woman doesn't know the date or where it happen. if she is wrongly accusing him intentionally she sould do some time. she needs to get her story straight. 
agree w| dr johnson! consider that 25 million is spent on typical drug trial or that a military helicopter is 120 million. investing in research on therapeutic nutrition given its broad implications and potential cost savings/improvement in qol would be a good public investment. 
or you should check tweets of ppl before you follow them, so you won’t follow ppl who like to tweet that kind of headcanons, i’m being serious here 
or listen to an insidious gremlin with a penchant for discriminatory policing … 
no one can be anyone else until we can alter carbon. children are abused and often no one ever knows and or they are not believed. this is truly a sad thing. there are just too many things to doubt this democrat activist. 
president trump, don’t allow anyone in the doj or fbi to defy your order to turn over these needed documents ,to show we the people all the corruption thats been going on in our government! brennan the communist is up to no good as usual ! this is a coup! beware!!! 
i find it very hilarious that ppl don’t really care about me or my life and how things are going, but the moment they hear something then they all of a sudden wanna be all up in the biz. s c a n d a l o u s l i l h o e 
oh another person adding to the insult library here. always a good way to “win” a nonexistent argument. never said i didn’t like his opinion. was explaining why it comes across way it does. nothing against anyone getting their $ including svp or fanduel guy. 
xbox x or ps4 pro is better for fifa 19 for one first time to buy a console 
social media is boring today. i have chosen to ignore, silence, unfriend or block 50% you. 
depends who i’m talking too. also called soft drinks or fizzy drinks. usually say soft drink 
periodic reminder that if you never promoted the causes of broaddrick or willey your current sanctimony is empty. 
its only 1 explanation either that or they jus looney 
bitcoin mining 200 gh/s power 1. register at 2. login and set mining power at cryptocurrency as u wish, beeter if min dogecoin or usd by curser from left to right. 
i'm not a yankees or bosox fan, but you had some good insight into press box food and those legends seats sound very cool. good job. no 
came across #charliesangels #fullthrottle and can’t help but wonder if that’s #davidtennant as #shamus or if i’m just crazy. they seem to have a similar build and expressive eyebrows. and it’s not like i could look up this information up on an online movie database of somekine... 
#tytlive lets toss all pistols to the bottom of the sea, before some fool comes round here and tries to kill either you or me. mr sat. night special, got a barrel that's blue and cold. ain't good for nothin, but putting a man 6 ft in a hole 
yeah vig is huge on preseason action, i think when i bet edm -182 the jets were +145 or something 
i forgot that fall anime season is about to start or has started. i'm still behind on my previous season of anime. is there a fall list somewhere so i can pick what to add to my backlog? 
close background app or clean cache … sarah louise mulligan carlow chequers game of thrones russia young boys waterford northern ireland constitution old trafford read the preview here world cup 
i never used or liked the label some used on ms mckenna, but i think it's quite appropriate. she's a figurehead with zero substance (on the climate file). 
very interesting article, crucial if you have children or are planning on having them. … 
well you might as well be if you're only one of the few people are inspired by. nobody sounds like or mentions monica in their top artists because she never was one 
zoom in for the luxurious drama filled 3d mink euphoric lashes in the style risqué. shop the world's sexiest lashes. click the link in our bio or visit • • •… … 
correct we want an #investigation #enforce the law or don’t make them. @ gopoversight @ whitehouse @ marcorubio on kerry meeting with iranian officials @ foxandfriends #stop the #treasonous 
we'll do all we can to help out. does this behavior persist after rebooting the iphone? what iphone model are you using? are you using facetime via cellular data or via a known-good wi-fi connection? 
maybe, the lady said i should be fine as long as i ask for the days off with enough notice time. but i’ll let you know if i get them or not at least a week before 
ask me something or i’ll ethos logos pathos you 
every so often i’ll encounter a client or coworker who says “oh, my wife and i don’t drink” and i’m completely dumbfounded 
usually i don’t tweet because personally i don’t value my own opinion or feel like i have anything valid to say 
crazy how the fugees were so ahead of their timeee. pras, wycleaf, anddd lauryn? speaking out on the haitian lifestyle, dropping bars, bangers like fu-gee-la , ready or not, and killing me softly? the very definition of iconic. 
requiem, it is either being vegan or not. i would love to welcome you to the vegan family, but there is no middle ground. if you are a vegetarian, then you pay for animal abuse. dairy = mass rape + murder + child abduction, eggs = holocaust etc. what is holding you back? 
show up monday or shut up. 
bentley or da rari hoe lets choose 
or executing it but it not sounding, looking or feeling the same as you'd imagine it would. 
yet still best players go to best teams and there are plenty to go around. many ways to regulate it by position bidding or even a draft but bit of a stretch to call it college athletics when the college part is often nit part of equation. however treat them as students with all 
has jude seen any all 22 footage you posted or has he decided not to educated today? 
is this considered white on white crime or..? … 
everyone commits an average of at least one crime a day. ever gone more than 1 mph over the speed limit? or how about jaywalking? or not sorting your recyclables? parked too close to the curb? didn't register your pet? grabbed a handful of napkins at the restaurant? 
the last person you talked to or messaged is a satanic 
ive definitely not bought my flight yet ((or told my husband)) but im working every day towards it. i know it'll work out. i'm gonna squeeze you so hard back!!!! 
we're very sorry for any poor support experience, brewer! refunds usually process within 3 to 5 business days. if it's been 5 full business days already, please call or chat again and we'll take another look together: . our advocates are standing by. 
so... funky ball will either happen late tonight at 10-11pm or i'll just postpone it until sunday night. i'll continue to update yall but rest assured there will be monkey ball rolling accompanied with funky tunes at some point soon. 
i be smiling so hard when i think, hear, or see my honey my cheeks be hurting 
how about juanita broaddrick’s rights. or are you just a political mole? 
i can not eat hot food ... like i have to let it sit or i’ll just pick at it and won’t eat 
are we talking goodfellas ray liotta or chantix ray liotta? 
you’re a biased piece of shit. it didn’t happen or someone else committed the crime. people like you are a scourge to the american people! 
they can't stand the thought of you or her feeling like you run anything, while they ram this down america's back side. … 
double nose piercing? or one on each side? decisions. 
i wanna go!not to get turnt at the party or anything. just to support my cousin 
yank soldiers could learn a lesson or two from piroth. 
if you didn’t say mahomes you’re a homer or you don’t watch football. 
how did ed whelan know who kavanaugh's accuser was if there's been no co-ordination between him, the sjc, or kavanaugh and his team? … 
saint christopher, 1/2 " diameter, 14k yellow or rose gold charm pendant with choice of 16"18"or 20" chains. also, pendant option available. via @ etsy 
don't talk to me (my dad's son) or my sister's son ever again 
multiple news organization are reporting that she will give her testimony on wednesday or thursday. they are still finalizing the details like the senators should be the ones asking the questions not an outside counsel because it’s not a trial, etc 
oh yeah i think players in the police or swat team can break into it but, lot of players plays in this team. 
not heard of either book or film. i'll have to check it out. 
back for round two. pizza and good times. (at @ doublemountain brewery & taproom in hood river, or) 
if i designed a tiny wings level or character who should i send it to 
rd 2 tonight or wasuuu 
i'm sorry but this advice sounds totally random to me because first of all tim decided to end his own life, it didn't "run out" - secondly he did live with passion and thirdly that sword of damocles approach is never positive (motivation in a place of trauma or fear). 
if you can't send $50, that's fine. just go purchase my content and/or send lower tributes silently. #findom 
r u wanting suggestions? whats her schedule?dont forget, earlier to bed earlier she gets up. sunshine is a natural energy drainer. i was outside with my kid and my sisters 2, just letting them crawl around on a blanket in the sun. not too hot or too sunny. out like lights for 2hr 
spent the last 2 hours trying to decide if i should go to bed for the day or wait a few hours before going. 
we have to decide whether to make the faith gesture of charity, and risk being played for fools, or think we can divine people's true motives from theories, narrative and heuristics, and risk losing touch with reality. 
my twitter is generally not very good at dealing with 4 digit numbers. i get that the aim is to be short and snappy, but if something has over 1000 rt's or likes, it doesn't hurt to accurately represent it felt the need to point this out. 
jeezus. real lucky or been grinding all day? 
my god! this is going to make everything chaotic. the far left will never believe this and when or if these people are brought to justice, they will start a war 
& if you want to turn us into globalist and some 3rd world country, either vote left, or just move out of here. simple. 
someone has got to tell these announcers to stop staying cowpokes. cowboys or pokes. not some combination. #okstate 
hey @ mcdonaldscanada you guys ever consider ordering more paper for your kiosks or are we phasing out receipts? 
back to school promo 50% off sitewide at grizzly grafix. promo code: "school50" link in bio, dm us or comment "info" for more info. welcome to grizzly grafix. we're a graphic & web… … 
the cold part is, i'm not sure if he's as effective here because defenses would just exploit or sorry linebackers and secondary. we're like that dyke that's always got a hole in it...no matter how you plug it, there's a leak somewhere else. 
public service announcement...if you owe family members or friends money and have yet to pay them back please don't put your recent purchases on fb. you're welcome. 
lesson of the day: make sure you're not handing a counterfeit bill to your waiter or you may become a mass murderer. (read more about robert bresson's "l'argent" at ) #bressonseptembre 
that's the size of it. they are also busy sponging up the blue wave, saying there is really no base enthusiasm or reason to vote d this cycle. but it's a centrist smear to think they're crypto trumpers 
wow the replies to this. how does she has that many supporters, bots or not? disgusting. … 
sorry if you and mendel were doing something or something … 
cut brice or house....maybe even cobb after his performance today 
bonus a: i plan, like most weeks, to be intentionally aware of my ss who seem down and spend a little more time with him/her. i will continue to turn negative adult convos positive or exit stage left if unsuccessful. smile and show empathy most of all #teachpos 
what part of the foot is the boob. or is like...the whole foot the boob. 
whether you need someone to listen, need help or even just need a friend. i'm here for you. i'll be there for you. i love you. i need you. please stay alive. today and tomorrow too. all of you 
idk if this is true or not … 
hey uhhhh is this a kink thing or 
literally cannot read one more liberal tweet or comment.... 
drink 'em up or hear me out. 
@ dak throw the dam ball bro! or tell the truth.... #scottlinehan sucks! 
when are we going to see a fat character that isn't just a villain. when can we have good fat characters that aren't just evil or selfish and out for themselves or just stereotypes 
join toby and his happy hikers to help advocate for the value, acceptance and inclusion of people with down syndrome. come walk with us on oct 20 at the buddy walk or consider making a donation to support the team. 
and his gf is pressing charges, so an investigation will be forthcoming. dems are not preventing that investigation, or attempting to rush him into a state atty gen position, much less a lifetime position on scotus. so thanks for making my point for me.... 
what do they have on you, or how much did the promise you? 
or let someone take a pot shot at him! #wishfulthinking 
they have achieved so much by spending so much,if ever a county purchased the title, it was surrey,sorry boys but the team was pilfered from other counties with,a much lower budgets,or when the salary cap fits, am i bitter yeah just a bit. 
moth or fucker 
we can no longer be the silent majority. we need people to actually turn up to the polls and vote these pricks out of office. it's time to drop the hammer on them @ realdonaldtrump we need shit declassified democrats arrested & held accountable for their actions or they won't stop 
{ @ iwasbornlnspace} -- rover finally reaches the grounders’ capital, the sun just getting ready to set. they haven’t heard a word from either jaha or bellamy since their last communication with them hours ago, though the brunette has attempted to convince -- 
you're either buying the range rover that manager ryan told you to buy or you're doing some photoshoot of some cars 
i was shocked that martha would even mention avavanttie (sp). he is or should be a non issue on any level. rethink #marthamaccallum 
american beers, good or as bad as people reckon? 
sorry @ chelsearory i love ya mate but i agree with my girl @ sophieroseutc we can't drop kante i think sarri should be asking kovacic or even barkley to play the role kante is. what do u think? 
how many of you can name the brett kavanaugh of your high school class? or the mike judge? and how many of your classmates would say, “who, that guy? he would never do that!” how many others would not be one bit surprised? #kavanaughconfirmationhearing 
i think that's way more common among people than we realize, or maybe just in introverts, i don't know. 
seriously, @ nytmike quit your day job. this is terrible journalism. this isn't even journalism because nothing you've written here ever existed in this or any of the other multiverses that share this timeline. 
i am seriously about the vacancy of a thing or better still you can forward ur cv via dm for ur internship if ure still in school 
funny how people can't look stuff up, on the internet. joke or not... … 
the dreamies are literally all older than me or one year younger than me and yet i can never think abt anything like romantically with them lmao anytime i imagine them in my head i’m like making breakfast for them and like cooing at jisung bc he’s adorable or smth 
starting this wednesday i’m gunna be promoting/retweeting any up and coming michigan artists that hit me up. i’ll make it a regular wednesday thing. just shoot me a dm with sc links or tweet links! … 
sharp pains in my bed on my phone either squealing, laughing, or yelling so hard to fix my hair all of a sudden oh my god 
tap 3x on your all seeing wok if will be saved from this pervy pirate crew & the borscht boys. starting to feel as helpless/hopeless as a prisoner under the control of a corrupt & complicit dictator. one of the fewwords i know is ~zek~prisoner either it's *45-or it's us. 
i can understand what you mean cyndi, double devastation to lose a loved one and your home and or inheritance.... awful. 
if you’re seeking meaning in a thing and that thing is challenged or changed in a way that doesn’t suit your interpretation of it, then you’re probably going to get defensive — that’s if your sense of self isn’t fully developed. 
looks like the regional or farming visa is put on hold, while australian farms suffer shortages rt: nationals told farm visa plan won't work … #regionalaustralia #immigration #auspol #australia 
sounds like a mod issue (or the evil ghost of a papyrus script lingering in your save file) 
// so, everyone who doesn’t know will know that my dm’s are strictly for planning or chatting out of character. cause’ sometimes i get a couple of people in my dm’s just being in character for some reason. 
join us sept 27th at aniip's happy hour! (and bring a friend or 2!) - 
i never know if i wanna go to home or to hollywood they both feel so good 
"ah, lou..." wait, where did she come from??? he was certain that she's not near him or lulu just now-- "no no, you should eat as well, i insist~" he replied, as he hands a plate towards the other cruiser. 
my two cents regarding manchester united right now is that i think they should be looking to replace jose asap! look at all the bad publicity it’s bringing to the club and he’s either losing or lost the changing room by continuing to criticise his players and then deny it! 
2019 guard @ dj_jones__ tulsa union high school. i am telling you right now. this kid is the true definition of hustle. rather it’s picking you up full court or relentlessly attacking the rim. dj is a true gym rat! #hustlefam @ prephoopsok 
2. this isn’t a privilege thing. this is a character thing. wreaking havoc on texas isn’t cool, and neither is beto. open borders, legal drugs, and abolishing ice is a recipe for disaster. i mean, is he being paid by the cartels, or is he really that stupid? 
quick question. who is everyone's favorite youtuber(s)? i like to watch other people's videos to pull inspiration from and help form my own editing style. links to channels or social medias would be awesome. (you can link specific videos too if you want) 
i need to start rting the rt or you’ll have bad luck tweets bc literally everything that could go wrong rn is going wrong 
this is likely an encoding issue, from the command line run the game with "./easyrpg-player --encoding 932" or modify rpg_rt.ini and add: [easyrpg] encoding=932 to the end of the file. --gk 
now. right at this minute. think of it as your only minute. its time for all women with compains against any man in the senate or in power to come forward. the world is listening. your leader is above. 
in disney or?? 
an fbi investigation could verify if in fact these events actually happened. and why aren’t there any church visits or even church events on any of these 3 months? hmmmm. 
islam is not the best example of how women or gays should be treated 
ncurses_keypad() : turns keypad on or off 
the defense is complicated to explain but 1 of the olb is always left alone to rush in and sack or pressure the qb i have to make a video ...its really complicated 
@ facebook maintains a culture that promoted growth above just about all else, no matter whether it was privacy or social harm. - i couldn’t agree more! … 
yes absolutely, possibly. california, summer of 99 or 00, or 01 or 02. the family took a cross country trip, went to the hearst mansion for the tour. lurking in the shadows a skeletal figure emerged. thought it was a ghost, ran to the bathroom. was followed #thedentureincident 
@ murphybrowncbs nope - resist yourself, support your president and your country, or go home, not watching, you made your bed with your words, now lie in it 
@ gen_vksingh has rightly branded these journalists as presstitutes as they have hands in glove with @ incindia . they are paid dogs & constitute second line of defence of nehru gandhi family. they will never ask any question which may expose @ soniya_inc or @ rahulgandhi … 
did you lie to us or was that a prediction of what’s still to come? i’m on a new liquid schedule: no wine until thursday. just a glass of irish cream tonight. 
there are a few ways to resolve a copyright strike–wait for it to expire, get a retraction, or submit a counter notification. note that deleting a video with a strike won’t resolve the strike. more details here: 
untamed or wild ones … 
i've listened to songs or watched a clip or two...but i can't quite bring myself to sit down and watch a full con yet :') 
time for tm to choose - fta imposes border in ireland, efta + customs union brexit works but enrages erg, or put it back to a divided people where a narrow majority may choose remain. chequers is a dead duck impaled on the fence, and will ensure no deal and no prime ministership. … 
every last one must be charged as accessories after the fact. some will flip & plead. every #georgetownprep student was in the #georgetownrapegang. either at the time or joining it now as an accomplice. no mercy. #arrestbrettkavanaugh 
or perhaps its mediocre 3rd line (martin-cizikas-clutterbuck)? worst 4th line (kuhnhackl-filppula-komarov) in the league? ... perhaps ... #isles 
@ lucy51551470 here's a quick shout to her. if you are a fan of cameron dallas or any of the magcon boys, you should follow her. she retweets a lot of their tweets. 
the senate judiciary committee and the media all should be ashamed since there was so many other ways to handle this matter. without collaboration, unknown when or where it should never have been senate or tv soap opera ! sad 
watched gavel to gavel. wonder why none of ford’s parents or siblings attested to her veracity. ford’s a troubled woman who didn’t tell truth about flying, lied re grassley willing to go to her. couldn’t keep story straight. she does not compute! #maga 
*friend hasn't responded back in ten minutes* oh man i hope i didn't say anything bad or they just don't wanna talk to me me - doesn't respond until 2 hours later sorry i was playing a game 
hey america, daily reminder that the left will do anything to get power, no matter whose life they ruin in the process. the thread here is disgusting and disturbing. your son-husband-brother-daughter-wife-sister or you could be next. … 
or made decisions for yourself :( 
bitmex has no us presence or us clients / clients with us ips. unclear how us authorities could seize. 
yes, especially for #1in5 #neurodiverse kids that struggle with reading and comprehension. we can certainly encourage, but these kids must have access to @ learning_ally (or equivalent) and their teachers should be instructing with #structuredliteracy methodology. … 
yooo am i trippen or is them 7’s nowhere too be found? 
i can tell that kavanaugh in high school was the type that acted big and bad but when caught or challenged he cried like a baby and peed or shit on himself. he had to drink to grow some balls. 
i also think it's why trump, grassley, et al. have stood behind him. the fix is in: roe will go down, and kavanaugh will keep trump in the white house -- or at least out of jail. 
win a kindle ereader, paperback or amazon giftcard from bestselling author linsey lanier! … via @ linseylanier 
man if u taking a girl out on a first or 2nd date, don't take her to tgif cuz if u ever try to open that door and allow it to pull u in cuz u couldn't manage it... it's over. 
never lie to me because i find shit out one way or another 
note to self: never allow your good intentions to give you the benefit of the doubt, as to disregard or lack heed of ones boundaries or comfortability. always respect those around you but make sure to get it all in return as well! -kiki 
caution.. best not use words like “exposed” or they have graham arrested 
. @ votemarsha this tn house rep is running for sen bob corker’s senate seat. she rarely posts accomplishments, but mentions schumer all the time. not once have i seen this man in our community or read about him in our local news. it’s time 4 her divisiveness to go. … 
respectfully, if the fbi exonerates kavanaugh, manchin is placed in a very difficult position, either adhere to party leadership or acknowledge kavanaugh’s innocence and join with the people who will decide if he has a job for the next 6 years. wouldn’t want that spot. 
millions believed hitler wouldn't move beyond czechoslovakia... over a million people bought a pet rock in 1975... bernie madoff conned a who's who of successful business people... followers are not a sign of worthiness or value... wictor is a nincompoop... and a numbskull... 
i love those days where my only decision is; window or aisle?.. #sanfransicobound #traveldays #livelife #noexcuses … 
hoping for the best but flake has pulled similar moves before. odds are this is a stall and flake is making side deals or building a war chest. would really like to see members of the rnc show some sense of morality and dignity. kavanaugh showed he is not judicial material 
joe, right or wrong, bush is still an asshole? 
that said timing has no relevance to the crime or punishment, i hope addison has played his last game as a cub 
it's peachette because the peach elements become the dominant force of that design and bowsette rather than peachser or peacher or even the peach poacher because the elements of bowser are what set her apart. there, i solved it, everyone can go home now, you're welcome internet. 
i will also be making or get help on a custom avatar. it will be the same model as my pfp but with different textures and possibly different clothing. i do have ideas. 
i’m sure in reality they’re all 2” and shriveled. because they’re all ancient. but they’d insist they could rival a porn star and/or certain subset of romance novel heroes. 
it’s time for henry to put up or shut up. … 
all this #vinesauce streamer, do you automatically become attractive, or does vinny im gonna be more famous than u 
sosuperawesome: fluffy spiders alvamade toys on etsy see our #etsy or #plush tags 
or when people snapchat themselves drunk driving but then get mad when they get caught/face any type of repercussions for it #heartbroken 
ooh, that's good! i read an article tgat they simply don't have many public resrooms or any kind, neither squatting nor throne style, and that's causing people problems. wow, i didn't know you had been to india, awesome!! 
this writer reminds us of an important rear-burner issue: "god forbid we should ever look outside the bubble of entitlement - to someone who went to a public university, to someone from the midwest or west, to a person with life experiences closer to those of average americans." … 
i liked a @ youtube video fastway - make or break 
that's fair, but we don't know what happened. i'm not about to pretend i'm certain one way or the other. but i am certain about the other (current) character revelations he has offered. and that includes his unnecessary lies. 
can you back your claim with evidence of this supposed interference, baghdad matt? or is this another kavanaugh sorta deal where were supposed to believe you just because? 
i’m in a weird mood. n is at his bachelor party. and i totally trust him but i’m just not feeling super comfortable or happy he’s out getting crazy drunk enjoying “his last night of freedom.” i feel like guys have a dif attitude than girls about this type of stuff. 
so if that were you, and you really had nothing to do with it. or maybe you did but you didn’t actually commit the murder. you’re cool with the way you are convicted i assume? 
i’m all for empowering girls and complimenting each other. i literally try to compliment someone everyday. but damn the eyebrows. ladies, either learn the right way or just don’t even do em. 
forgive me, but if you live on a lake or have access to one, wouldn’t it be easier to fish from a boat in the warmer months rather than drilling a hole in the freezing months? 
@ courtneyjune20 @ lilyrudningen07 not to stir the pot or anything but.... … 
@ jeffflake @ lisamurkowski is this true? that the white house is determining who can be interviewed and not the fbi? how is this about getting to the truth or the fullest picture of the situation … 
#killingeve is really rather good, isn't it? or don't you think so? well you're wrong. it is really rather good and that's all there is to it also i've never seen jodie comer in anything else but i've decided she's basically the best actress ever based just on 4 eps of this show 
どちら、どっち – which direction, thing, person, or place (dochira, docchi) 
shes not bad but the tl acting like its a game changer or summ … 
the beauty is, this could be kevin or aj. change it to *nsync and you’re talking about chris or joey. … 
or a governor of arkansas 
i’m so sorry to hear that you are an abuse survivor. was this in the 1987-1988 time frame or were you, like dr. ford, the target of an attempted child molestation? … 
im gonna work for johnson & johnson, microsoft, apple or google one day. 
only time she comes to western mass is when she needs something like votes endorsements or money 
nooooo really dare i ask why or is to bad to repeat 
gods, demons, witches or other supernatural agents have been used by all cultures to explain earthquakes, famines, diseases etc. now we know those things have natural explanations. 
let's be clear a women was ____ , no cloths removed , no injuries to bare , yet 36 yrs later she's traumatized, no i don't buy into it, shes a very confused women or a liar 
> reproduce like mad no, don't. there are enough mouths to feed, and we're already facing extinction level pressure on critical resources. until we get a stable off planet resource base going, 'reproduce like mad' is a recipe for malthusian disaster in a generation or two. 
some elders get offended when responded to with "you didn't raise me or feed me ",why be offended by the truth ? some of you must learn to live with an acceptance that you failed to play the role you should have played in your children's upbringing. 
they may be constrained by law. if not they may have internal hr policies that require law enforcement or subpoena. lots of things don’t get made public. think mueller. we have no idea what he has. 
but it's okay if the assaulter is a senator. or congressman. or hollyweired mogul. or big shot state politician. 
so is she saying she just willingly allowed her assailant to assault her? was i supposed to fight off my half grown uncle at the age of 4? was it my fault it continued for 10 yrs or the threats he made that kept me silent? i've lived with the guilt for 52 yrs, no more. #metoo 
cleo is an absoloutely sweetie pie. when we sneeze, she rushes over to us and licks us in concern. usually on the neck, chest, hands, or face. it's adorable. this fur baby is precious 
yeah i’m agreeing with you- all those opportunities would be available whether he has a bachelors or not (the alumni relations one may be a little better with one, but it would prob depend). if he really wanted to, i’m sure the school would bend over backwards w/ online courses. 
street vending should be made legal again. or set up fish/ venison/shell fish stands by roadsides like the fruit stands i grew up,with in the interior. how hard is it to ensure cold temperatures for sales of perishables? all it takes is ice. 
it's so weird. like, they're not hitting on you or anything they're just fucking weird little human tailgaters. 
itunes, google play store, or soundcloud. we will tweet it when it is posted! 
well put everything aside here. let's just acknowledge that he showed extreme bias when he had his rant. no judge should be that biased! doesn't matter if they are a lib or con or if you agree with them.... that's not how any court is supposed to be. the law the law that's it.. 
do you miss it or do you like things better now the way they are? 
just a note this is the last of the tarot cards for a little bit i'm just going to take a break from them and may pick them back up in a month or so :) thanks to everyone who's shown a lot of enthusiasm for them! 
or not 
if i had continued to believe that i was not smart enough or good enough based on the strengths of others i would not live the life that i am living. i was told to be like everyone but… … 
if you think i'm going to eat food of my or anyone else's phone screen you are dead wrong 
hello can you help me or put word out for people help 
haven't tried too many characters, but they all had 74 or 76f taunts, might be measuring errors on my part, can be hard to tell when taunt animation begins 
those pr money or whatever the reasons for why she would lower herself by joining that group must be good. imagine someone as bold as her, someone that went against her boss, being forced to party with such an entourage...grown people, family people acting like teenagers 
if some further kiseki arc doesn't have a sunken city flow up the ocean and awaken an ancient disaster or something, i'll slap kondo 
probably beth or kate, but i will be shocked if it is annie... 
does law enforcement dump their other officers when they become injured or ill? no. shame on the police department that dumped this sentient being. #animalrights 
pointless questions are these. makes me laugh how you assume one change doesn’t impact everything. from qtr time the game was all eagles, stats don’t lie, collingwood we’re lucky to lose by 5. may or not, wouldn’t have changed the end result. 
i really wanna play rabi ribi again. maybe i'll finish my 0% run's post game, or start a hell mode file or something. or finally grab the dlc and play through that. 
as a fellow human, i’m concerned. don’t allow someone to take your joy or alter your view of people. you seem to have applied this behavior to all men. not all people have your views, preferring to label individuals rather than groups of people. hope you find peace as a victor. 
so is emily back with the team for good? i don’t remember if they stated that yet or not, i hope she is she’s always been my favorite character on the show … 
if you don’t got any hobbies or after work activities that dont include clubs alcohol or hookah i ain’t fuckin witchu honestly 
doesn’t he have a better hr per time at bat ratio. is he best in mlb or nl? 
like lauren and ashley or jaden and willow? 
monday funday is in motion! we’re about to watch the broncos vs chiefs game at 8 p.m. and, we got board game play action (bring yours or play one of ours) come over for food, drinks and… … 
an actual investigation? or one like the fbi is doing for kavanaugh's nomination? 
i just now or am i just hallucinating from lack of sleep? 
do you include academic groups who actually believe there is a free market, as in not regulated by any rule or law? or bayesian agents? or that scaled economies are in equilibrium? that means no competition and rivalry. 
it's still pretty cloudy but we are not calling it just yet. we will wait and see if clears up in the next hour or so. 
don't treat people assuming nonbinary people are cis as "passing " or a good thing smh. 
@ sears glad to see as your ship sinks you go down with no fs to give. $2800.00 sale canceled today because your company has zero time or care for customer service @ lowes you will be getting my money now 
yes! this sets the tone just right for october. pour yourself a whiskey (or a cider) and enjoy this....tonal selection. … 
apparently the only way i can learn adobe programs, or coding or whatever is thru shitposting and i truly hate that about myself 
so you gon let the fam munch together ? or you gon diss...swingggg dat 
or the disappearing debt, or kennedy's *retirement*, kushner's ties with kennedy's bankster son, 100k pf missing documents from kavanaugh's wh years, numerous provable lirs to committee, lack of judicial temperament, aba' doubts in 2005 of his biases & open-mindedness. 
never ever let your ego get in the way. it’s just not worth it and you only end up looking like an ass or making dumb decisions. #dontberuledbyyourego #choosepeace #bewise #positivevibes… … 
kavanaugh also lied about not knowing if “bart o’kavanaugh” in mark judge’s book referred to him, or if the yearbook quip “bart, have you boofed yet?” referred to him. he signed the letter bart. whoa. he even called himself bart. 
bro just play me or stfu too much talking 
y'all ok if i start sotc until this weekend or start in the next 10 minutes? 
you might as well call me a russian troll(or bot). and maybe throw in a few accusations of racism or sexism or islamophobia to sweeten the pot. 
or what tf? 
"it's almost as if his charges are verifiable or something!" 
or they turned the other cheek... matter of opinion... 
you can have my heart or we could share it like the last slice 
#asagamesworker i would like to see corporations put the well being of their employees ahead of profit. also, a union or unions for video game workers. also, an increase in the number of permanent rather than contract positions. wage increases, health care, rrsp contributions!!! 
if mr. donald trump has actually said these sentences about supreme court nominees, then i am not sure if one should laugh at mr. trump or cry at mr. trump or just gaze towards the sky and try to look stupid. @ cnnopinion @ nytopinion @ thehill @ latimesopinion @ abcnews @ nbcnews 
tbh i hope joe veleno never searches his own name on twitter lol, he’s either gonna see my quality tweets or people shitting on him to piss me off 
7.1 so 8 because i think he has 174 after 7 then gets a 2 or 3 to start game 8 
@ senorrinhatch i have #cysticfibrosis. i love life & live to the fullest. without #healthcare, i can’t enjoy life so, i suppose i am one of the stupidest, dumbass ppl you’ve never met! doesn’t seem very moral or right 2 judge someone who enjoys receiving care 4 their disease … 
are you weighing someone down, or cheering them up?? 
i don't think you have. was that for me or someone else? 
i can't cosign this tweet with a like or a rt. it is disrespectful to lgbtq people. this is in no way a defense of that idiot, graham. please, reconsider your words. 
not to brag or anything but i just used a backup pair of glasses to find my regular glasses that a roommate moved while i was napping. come to me with your unsolvable crimes. 
in the video you said that you can talk about this for hours and i would really like to listen to you talk about this for hours. if you ever have time, could you please make a livestream or something because i want to learn more about this. i now have so much more respect for you 
i’m not sure how i’m going to get there or how i will get home, but somehow i will be there. 
wwjd and jesus would never condemn a man or woman for something he or she did not do. besides, it was people who called themselves religious leaders that led the charge to give jesus the death penalty. … 
looked at how much it would take to get one from the nearest grand prix through channel fireball(nagoya or shizuoka) . it would cost about the same for a plane ticket and the box as for paying the scalpers on ebay. 
it has to be #harrowhill! (not that we're biased or anything @ stmarysharrow ) how many listed monuments/buildings can you fit on to one hill? just within our own grounds we've got 5... including the church itself, harrow's oldest building! @ papajatharrow @ … 
“am i supposed to do sum’fhin’ or want me to actually tell yew?” he couldn’t pick up on things sometimes. 
if you are a texas (near houston/austin/dallas) woman or nb femme person and you want to be in a music video on oct 20 please dm me!! (you will have to have your own transportation to the shoot but i will compensate) 
"indelible in the hippocampus is the laughter" i will never forget these words. sexual assault is not a joke. or laughable. ever. #votethemout #notokay … 
mission impossible :-))) unless cruisy flipped or was planted all along no ? if he is mole number 1 then likely he's gonna need that bunker & all & likelier still he's got the mother load on them perhaps ? 
if i go out without my best friends or family, i’m paranoid. and apparently so are they because @ c_rosas24 knew where i was allllllll night 
eh...maybe. i think this holds true for women over 60. otherwise, they vote how the church or their parents tell them. 
idk if i tired or dotish but after pouring hot water from the kettle into my coffee i then attempted to fit the kettle in the fridge... 
this video not belongs to u.. ur videos only for secret blackmail mms or any porn contained only.. 
step up or shut the fuckk up bitch acting hard over the book 
could ford's claims have been handled in private by the senate committee? never: the democrats would have leaked the allegations. too much temptation. a bunch of little kids with a candy jar - the lid is coming off one way or another. 
think like you don't know anything about the soviet union or that berlin used to be divided down the middle or communism got to teach these kids to be scared of that kind of s*** 
this is not "peaceful protest" or "lawful assembly"! when they get violent they have to be arrested and they should not be allowed in the capitol building until all threats, violence have ceased! @ capitolpolice @ usnationalguard @ natpoliceassoc @ secretservice 
damn. hopefully they'll do or give you something to deal with it 
nuketown with no unlimited ripper or 6/6 for the first time in 2 years 
i never order things online for a really big event, but when my kid asked for a @ nautica nantucket red shirt for his senior photo i broke my rule. shouldn't have. senior pics are saturday, the shirt arrived today. or, i should say, didn't arrive. wrong shirt. 
s6 better bring this iconic family back or i riot 
he isn’t “litigating” anything. he is arguing, disputing, or tweeting. he is not in a court of law. 
i was going to recommend this, or a massage! the pedi is great especially in the final weeks, and the bonus is at least your toes look cute while half the staff of the iwk is between your legs 
@ rephultgren is misogynistic and hates any woman who doesn’t fit his “definition” stay at home and bear or raise children with no other function to her life. 
not saying i cried or anythign but i definitely cried 
never let the actions of others change the way you deal with people, your personality or attitude. only how you deal with that person! … 
anything against a democrat is racial or deserving of a protest, funded by the rich coward soros, who pays others to do his dirty work. 
#nowplaying dj soulbuck - the streetsicknessshow 09.13.18. on #beatminerzradio #homeofthedj download our app in the itunes or gooleplay store. 
maybe im biased more simple. thought it was a typical home opene first 10 mins. it settled down isles had good shifts last 7 mins or so. greiss excellent 
you and me both are more likely to be killed or assaulted by white, male us citizens. if there were none of those, then there’d be zero crime by them. when your fear is irrational then your thoughts (and soon, i fear, actions) will follow. 
like c'mon y'all, this is not protecting those boys or even silencing haters. please just leave tons of encouraging words and like any positive comments. we've been through this with bts, like when they were hated on by the gp for being puma's models, and this is the best way 
ted loves to misconstrue truth. its not whether or not our police deserve our support. what an assine proposal. it about a real dialog that needs to take place. black unarmed men are being basically murdered. why don't they wing them or tase them? 
@ jeffflake in 2012 dr ford named her attacker brett kavanaugh in therapy - tomorrow you vote you don't believe her or worse you do believe but you dont care 
me: if you had to describe yourself in one noise what would it be? damon: hmmm..something cool. like maybe a fallout sound effect or something. you? me: … 
if a person is close-minded and decided na siya kung ano ang paniniwalaan niya. it wont matter how good you explain yourself, or how true you are or your words are. it is only yourself that you can control kaya as long your conscience is clean, let people say what they wanna say. 
you better work on that kick a bit or your time in jail will consist of you being the jail house slut. that could have been your plan all along though 
what say you @ senbooker you going to tone it down or do you want more people like james hodgkinson rand paul's wife in letter to cory booker: our family facing ‘horrifying’ threats … via @ breitbartnews 
he'd inch closer to the woman, extending his hand out to the side with smoke fuming from the little accumulation of nitroglycerin-like secretion. ――; ʙᴏᴏᴍ–ʙᴏᴏᴍ–ʙᴏᴏᴍ–ʙᴏᴏᴍ ⊱ 〝i kicked the kinds ass and took his place, pleb! now shut up or put 'em up, ya' stungun!〞 
aww hell no i'm not! back to the 50's means i a woman of color won't have the vote, will live in segregated areas and send my child to a school under jim crow laws. i will not go back...and damn if that skinny evil collins will send me or any woman running away from a challenge! 
exactly. no explaining should ever be needed, in fact. you should never have to be constantly on guard or constantly justifying your actions but above all your feelings! 
server or cook? 
well charlo is tied up by the wbc. so i’m fine with this move by canelo. the great move weight and take belts when they move. although i’m pretty sure ggg is gonna move up to 168 or retire rather than face charlo. he doesn’t want that smoke 
and i do have an idea for why this happened or why dave mustaine has boobs & is allowed to say vice city #vinesauce 
if you have an rv, camper, or trailer, you'll appreciate this hack … 
. @ lisamurkowski says kavanaugh cannot meet appearance of impropriety std b/c others accused him w/o any proof. so going forward, only eligible candidates for the supreme court will be liberals who won't be sandbagged by the #dems. no hope, lisa. you're a fool or a coward. 
or, and hear me out, install heated sprinklers! then my kids can come over in the winter and run through your sprinklers!!! win win 
black, white or panda? widgets @ ev_ynw walls @ paulebh0y panda wall avatar @ sn0wd3n. thank you all! oh an weather icons @ 
just back from the monty bring it on these guys must be about 50 by now, at least bono used to be able to hold a tune until recently or was that a typo all that matters is the here and now. we're coming to get you. enjoy your weekend tommy 
not really. most of the political brexiteers are using it as political capital. johnson/rees-mogg are obvious. the use the eu as a straw man to promote their own agenda. it feeds into the popularity hate of foreigners, so that fits too. or do you really take it all at face value? 
"and you can't fight the tears that ain't coming, or the moment of truth in your lies." -goo goo dolls 
just so blixz or neon or polar 
yeah. or one of them f150 joints sitting up high as hell. durango just perfect though. the horsepower and space. i saw one today and i screamed in the car. lmao i was too excited. 
but the splc doesn't list antifa or blm as hate groups. little bit of a credibility issue going on.... 
or, just admit it was a deflection? it’s easy to do. just say “yeah, it was. i don’t really care, though.” 
murkowski says he's good man, trated unfairly, qualified....etc... but not rt person at this time? wtf....he is or isn't has nothing to do with time. her time should be up 
is there anyone who can support me in problems about #npm #laravel or #vuejs? i am desperately looking for some solutions 
beef, it’s what’s for dinner. or supper. or both. whatever, it’s beef! 
so what. do you want to be treated as an individual or a statistic? 
just did a newsela article on her in class! newsela has two or three articles about marley’s work! 
awee thanks!! i'll try my best please inform me or dm me before you go live. i don't have insta but i'll be there on my friend's account!! thankssss!!! 
@ prettymuch if ed really got fake dreads now or in the future imma need one if y’all to snap a pic so i can roast the hell outta him thx 
people who volunteer to help others. example people who volunteer (help) families who r taking care of ill family members so they can rest or do errands. 
so who’s moms or aunty cooking for us 
or. it was already there. 
a lot of passive defensive play, but not sure nyi can skate with nsh-- or half of the teams in this league-- without toews in for sbisa. (and preferably ho-sang/bellows in for one or two of komarov, martin, filppula.) 
i'm going to convert my lights to a12vlt dc led system, like an rv or boat uses, and power them from one solar panel and an rv battery from harbor freight tools. nes can kiss my ass. the truth they don't want you to know. the tech is already available to the public. 
our right to what, sink a man without evidence he did anything wrong? he has nothing to do with anyone else's story, rights or history of abuse. projecting it onto him was not going to heal even one person's trauma. 
if idol isn’t on just dance 2019 or 2018 i’m suing 
here’s a new drinking game for the football season... every penalty against nebraska you take a shot or shot gun a beer could you last the whole game? #roughseason 
we are so bad that i'm kind of sort or pleased with the start. 
behind a day or so but starting to pick up the pace! 
do you think tattoos are a sin or not? 
jamaal talking bout “dede must be after yo ass” ian did or said nun to that child she just crazy lmao 
vegan or not, just looking at those desserts gives me a tummyache 
venom is a first-rate genre film highly entertaining with a terrific star performance by tom hardy, and magnificent visual effects. do yourself a favor and don’t listen to critics or naysayers just go and enjoy a sensational film! 
guessing they needed some extra time to shit on their veteran players and/or those willing to speak truth to power. … 
10 hours in no grind problems or transations needed just gaming 
never said anything about gang rape. don't go off the rails now...we we're having a nice discussion. any untrue statement should be looked at...not with just the women, you know? either way, ford or kav will be nearly impossible to verify. so, i say we call it a wash and move on. 
let’s try to connect brother! shoot me a direct message or shoot me a follow! :) 
one of the biggest changes in who^3 has got to be how much less head-up-ass the doctor feels, like there's one part where she just apologizes to her companions that all this is happening which definitely feels a far cry from capaldi or smith 
gonna kick off #slendysundays this month with season 1 of marble hornets in about half an hour or so. if you're interested in watching the series that started putting the slender man on the map, lemme know and i'll get you into the groupwatch. 
t v viewing alert! madam secretary fans. we want to warn you that tonight's show includes appearance by crooked hilary. please boycott and send cbs programming we will not have good shows ruined by political bias. (right left or middle). better yet does buy advertisers goods. 
imagine a world in which no one must die of thirst or hunger. 
we have 2 options: socialism or fascism :d 
oh you going to cuba cuba and ain't tell me or larry??? wow. 
. @ jerrythornton1 i’m old enough to remember when the patriots would wreck franchises by beating them in the playoffs or superbowl. apparently now they can wreck franchises by losing to them. #eagles 
#local mount carmel school senior kalyn diaz recently completed the national youth leadership forum’s, or envision’s law and csi program at george mason university. … 
not sure if i should make my secret relationship au more angsty or more smutty hmmmm 
just spent an hour writing #postcardstovoters for ga candidates. if you have even a little time to give consider writing or calling voters. we must vote in numbers large enough to prevent manipulation. 
someone please kill me or take me to ecm preferably the first one. 
timely words from @ timkellernyc “if we are only offensive or only attractive to the world and not both, we can be sure we are failing to live as we ought” … 
show it a picture of my dog. or better yet have the succulent be next to your dog. 
@ smugchevyguy1 who you got tonight for #snf ? @ dallascowboys or @ houstontexans @andylandyng @ indianagrand @ radicalmb69 @ archie_miller 
walker says if a grant had been sought to renovate washington or lincoln, the district probably would not have gotten a grant due to age of the buildings. 
ingram or reed 
is it any good? i haven’t decided if i should watch it or not yet! haha! 
i’m not a republican or a bush fan, i’m a democrat. but from that trailer it seems as if you are portraying bush as this dumb hillbilly. i was interested in this movie, but now i’m not. 
oh, i hope some day i'll make it out of here even if it takes all night or a hundred years need a place to hide, but i can't find one near wanna feel alive, outside i can't fight my fear 
first solo irb submitted, first draft of manuscript finished (edits to come), and two conference presentations over the next two months - academia, ready or not, i’m here! 
there is a thing called "oppositional defiant disorder" (actually it might have a new name now) in kids, which is basically just inability to cooperate or deal with authority. 
so i took tomorrow off as well and i can’t do a single thing that i had planned thanks to the snow on the ground. do i a) just go to work and save a vacation day or b) just lounge around in pjs all day? 
bedroom? have you seen folsom event in sf? they piss on eachother publicly and other indecent acts they perform. is that ok with you guys? i've lived in san francisco and i know what kind of stuff goes on around here. is that ok for your kids to see or anyone else's? 
“we have learned something important since the days that i served in vietnam. and you exemplify it. whatever we think about the war, whatever we call it — afghanistan or iraq — we owe our military men and women unconditional support." - @ senblumenthal, norwalk, ct, march … 
constant war with myself to cut my hair or keep it long 
@ foxnews marieharf =phony day or night! ty . @ senatorcollins #justicebrettkavanaugh 
did anyone notice how awkward wife ashley appeared? then kavanaugh tried to put an arm around her or something and she wasn’t having it. can you imagine being between trump and him? my skin would crawl off my body. 
anyone can suffer from an eating disorder no matter age or gender. former mlb player @ mmarjama shares how he overcame his eating 
it’s true, my ggrandson is #maga, his best friend not. friend’s vision is to destroy everything, but has no idea of what or how to rebuild. he shrugs his shoulders & laughs. seems like it’s a college campus cool thing to say you’re a socialist. frightening. 
winter park!! winter park! renovated beauty! coming soon!! first of november. call me for more information or to own this fantastic home is highly desired winter park! michelle chase home wise realty... … 
beautiful. as always. i envy the man or woman that gets to spend milf monday ( or any day ) with you. 
a gender reveal party but it's to learn whether or not your child is anjelica huston. a cutout of her austere visage floats triumphantly out of the popped balloon as you and your friends shriek with joy. this would be very popular, spread the word 
my parents get them from a korean store or any asian markets 
"i won't fall victim to tropes, maid bait or anything of the sort-" <sees maid kurisu 
2 dudes in the past week asked me if i wanted to send nudes or watch them jack off 
proud to have the opportunity to protect awesome athletes worldwide have your coach or gym owner ask us about our wholesale program and get wod&done into your gym buy directly on our… … 
naw i seen it, but i don’t think he catches better than those 3 or see the coverage that them 3 plus julio see every week and still catch balls.. he had a quiet night last night.. 
debating if i should go to state shit or not .. 
to go as well. i’m so stressed and have considered suicide or running away many times. school also just feels like jail. students 
hey, my friends! those of you who don’t sign or only talk with your voice, please add captions to all your videos on social media. it may seem like a lot of work, but don’t worry, there are apps for that. your... … 
some actually bothered to compare two idols over an injury? saying one injury was worse than the other? *gasp* oh my god did google give you a dialysis? do you have a degree in medicine? unless you do, you don't have any say on how severe an injury is or isn't. 
i'm not about to get 1.a farmers tan (ew) 2. skin cancer cause i have no sunscreen 3.or embarassed 
blonde or blue i’ll scream 
muhammad s.a could never write or read. he had the verses revealed to him directly by god and 3 scribes recorded it as revealed over 23 years. it was not importantly also memorised by his hundreds of companions who taught others. it was revised in 5 daily prayers at least 
if not i'll have to wait until midnight or 6.30 friday morning :( 
...i live in shawnee and have a radio show... i don't claim to be a reporter or news-breaker on any level. this is just a super weird/objectively wrong way of discrediting me. 
day 9 of #tsinktober: historical figures as fairies or mermaids. we have hamilton as a fairy and einstein as a mermaid. @ thomassanders these prompts keep getting better and better 
anna wintour had asked her personally to wear it or sumn 
all jungkook needs to know is that were not mad or disappointed after what happened today. he did so well and we love and appreciate him very much. nothing has changed!!! 
me prepping the car for anyone with a pachyderm or porcine fursona 
can't wait for me and my friends to get to that point where we go on vacation together or go to a party and just have no worries just being stressed free 
i mean ariana did say she wanted to release the music while it’s fresh and she doesn’t want to conform to formula or routine anymore soo 
my faith in humanity was restored today. i’ve been going through some sit and wasn’t in the mood to deal with anything or anyone today but to my surprise i only dealt with positivity, support, and kindness from complete strangers. it was a nice change. 
or say "you're to young to be tired" like??? … 
both lefty’s or say good bye to alexander would be fine too 
ghb (gamma hydroxybutyrate) pros and cons of targeted supplementation. useful for diets like cbl and cns? or just for promoting sleep? 
when louis pasteur was working on the rabies vaccine, if he or his assistants got infected, they were to be shot in the head. 
“so are you a great congressman or the greatest congressman ever?” did he pay you in cantaloupes for that puff piece ad? considering he won’t debate, this was a gift to him. 
or an official review but looks like it stands 
they are the reasons we teach! not for profits or immortality (although being thanked years later in the supermarket aisle is kinda lovely). 
@ playswagiq - are we actually getting points this time or just pretending to? 
i’ll make my thread of vids and stuff tomorrow or something i still have to watch them all back :( 
@ jaketapper was @ realdonaldtrump wrong then or now? 
or fourteen 
lost one in january gaining one in may of 2019. no matter my circumstances with my baby’s father this is the biggest blessings i’ve gained and i’m making the best out of it with or without him. 
“is that a freckle or leftover chocolate on my face?” - memoir by scarlett turner 
gorsuch is looking at it from a constitutionalist/libertarian view point, while kavanaugh looks at it from an nationalistic/executive view. kavanaugh is the better justice on this; but they’ll all get together to make a joint decision. kav or even thomas may write the opinion. 
i hate when something weird or bad happens because i automatically feel like i’m going to be sick. 
i'm sure some level headed patriotic legal eagles can find something illegal about hillary's and holder's inflammatory statement. seems to me that they're trying to instigate a civil war or coup d'état. that seems pretty illegal to me. 
i'm probably less than 5 blocks from a poetry slam or open mic right now at this moment. i live in an emerging arts district. aka a shit hole 
damn this gon be the first drake song i won’t know or wanna know lmao … 
newflash: kanye will be committed to an asylum or outpatient facility! soon … 
because of you see me feel free to decide if i should go get irish food or wings for my early b-day dinner today.. 
jared has got to be wondering what he would have to do to deserve that outcome, or if he already did it. 
mental illness is not to be exploited - not by trump because he thinks african americans will like him more or the media for ratings … 
“yeah—. i went for dance. did you?” he spoke, hands gripping the wheel harder. it wasn’t enough to get him off, or to even form his knot yet, but it did get him impossibly hard. 
surely you have to give details, a manual or something 
brown bears can achieve running speeds of 30mph, or as fast as a racehorse. #softbestfeed #sbf 
i’m from ohio and there’s nothing to do but go to walmart, bonfires, or other dumb shit 
you mean legal residents are as dispensable as illegal residents in the view of @ potus or maybe in the view of @ potus the only person worth protecting is @ potus @ msnbc @ allinwithchris @ … 
of course. and yet, if you have a savings account or own a bond, then *somebody* is in debt. 
maybe we shouldn't be looking for political widsom from crazy poets? or even covering it that much? 
"it's pretty much common knowledge so it's not exactly revealing. what would be revealing is stating the kind of knives they use. or how they use them. or the materials their knives are built from!" … 
@ orladoherty it's perfectly legitimate to express a genuine concern for someone's health even from afar, which is what i'm seeing for kanye. it's not ok to use that as a cover to stigmatise, or discredit a person—a bogus accusation being made by some of the meeting's apologists. 
thinking should i go to my schoo pep rally or na , ours be wack 
when did that heartbreak begin? he's been unstable for awhile and if there were any real concern, shouldn't she have told snl that he wasn't in a good place or their friend, trump? maybe said that the meeting shouldn't occur? after the bomb went off, now there's concern. … 
whether you plan on exploring the hidden waterfalls of taveuni or visiting the traditional cultural villages of viti levu, we have the fijian dollars you need to create the trip of a lifetime. 
#hardball: trump's not going to wait to 2020 to declare war. i fear what's about to happen is 'blatant hacking' will lead to the 2018 election being 'disqualified'. he'll declare martial law against 'the mobs'. remember 2016 closed to drumbeat of voting fraud works win or lose 
linear look of the day! . make sure that most of your garments either accents or creates the illusion of a waist. . this would be a really good look for my rectangle(my magicians)… … 
i don't care about the adultery or her marriage. i am concerned about her and her husband's indifference, disdain, and cruelty. 
i own some, sure. mostly a shorts guy or a dickies guy. 
my guesses for space jam 2: hearing mj retired, the monstars and danny devito come back to earth with more or less the same goals. they go to a gym and find a pick up game (during off season?) and decide to take the powers of the best players they find. 
is your church, ministry, or nonprofit accurately listed in google maps? … #church #ministry #pastor #nonprofit 
streaming treehouse of horror then one of hellrune's picks, either black swan (2010), hereditary (2018), or jacob's ladder (1990) here in 10 
i don’t understand what is “was a hindu”. it’s not a cult or an organization that you join and leave. there is no concept of believing in hindu dharma. it’s all about questioning, analyzing and understanding coz not everything is verbatim like in most religions 
my hubs either doesn’t believe me or is in denial .. either way.. he doesn’t want to hear it 
i never get nervous before interviews, but i felt like i ran a flight of stairs before this one. taking a deep breath and clearing your mind always helps, even if it’s just for a second or two. /end of rare personal tweet 
congrats to @ sjmcclain1 on winning! please dm us or @ doccupcake84 to claim … 
they like a "red tory" when it suits them. who on earth is eve livingstone and why are we meant to care what she thinks about taylor swift or anything else for that matter? 
psa: if someone marked "do not disturb" or "away" doesn't respond to your messages they are not "blowing you off". 
thank you. yes, i know about phones. was just wondering if you talked to her more or saw my dad. so glad to see video of her alive!! 
my god my lil bro and his friends fuckin annoying, y’all 16 go chase some ass or sum sheeeeesh doode 
some people are dumb af and i don’t know if it’s because they do it on perpose because people play dumb sometimes, or if it’s their actual mindset . 
what's the purposes of the us and intl courts? preventing crimes, justice for victims (like me) & perpetrators or making $ for governments? 
i'm a cat person myself, but all my cats (4 now, 20 lifetime) have been rescues, and i didn't care what breed or even what they looked like. i don't really get the whole akc, breeding, dog show thing. theyre not objects for big egos. 
2011 #ram #1500 st 4x4 4dr crew cab 5.5 ft. bed for sale in milwaukie, or #ram1500 #milwaukie 
, 'whether i do good or whether i do evil is immaterial, for innocence itself is no protection,' and if such an idea as that were to take hold in the mind of the citizen that would be the end of security whatsoever.” john adams 
i paused it there for the screen shot but he had the road warriors even things up right before the horsemen tried to jump the ropes. i can't remember if this is the aftermath of the car door or when flair broke dusty's ankle in the cage though. 
do far for all of the years i've been trick or treating i've dressed up as spider-man(venom suit) batman ninja eyeless jack xemnas who should i be this year?......perfect 
do yall realize that the public vote only makes up one vote out of the 500 or whatever that actually decide who gets in the hall? you can vote ya pussy off and it’s still only gonna decide one vote. the committee decides ultimately. 
let's hope she keeps talking about it until the day to vote or it won't matter. she should give some concerts tickets away ......have a contest for those who can prove they voted. 
i had to force the last of mine out or they were going to pull it. 
no question investigate. since when did the replicants make any sense or care about anything but their wallets. 
“do you want someone that’s gonna make you cry or cry with you?”- wise words of @ kisor_jay 
sana mabasa mo to!! pero for sure babasahin mo. number 1 fan kita e. from now on distance yourself from me or else i'll scratch you. i'm that kind of a bitch. whore. 
so your brand of nationalism is not to be questioned or debated? how do you expect to convince the majority that yours is the only valid way forward for scotland if you block everyone who has a differing opinion? 
“to be or not to be...” i’m sure you’d want to be at this exhilarating show influenced by shakespeare’s hamlet with a twist and new translation, design, and concept, directed by @ 
"my constituents don't want the noise and cars are evil" ok, let's just keep getting to or from the south side a living nightmare and force everyone to drive 15 miles out of their way or through sidestreets that are stop & go hell. that'll make people want to stay. 
it’s really sad when people get ass hurt when shit doesn’t go their way. i’m not going to be involved in pointless drama, or drama at all. 
your trans r good. i like the part when jimin said what should i do for 10 mins b4 i go eat. why don’t you just look at me for 10 mins & i won’t say anything. or the part, when someone said he was cute & he agreed he was cute. it’s really hard to do live trans. you did great!! 
if the 2nd piece of id is not photo id that proves citizenship like a passport or drivers licence, but just a photocopied invoice confirming address, then this might confirm our elections canada officials are officially corrupt? 
as much as i’d love to see that it probably won’t happen. because east coast bias. they are either going to lsu or clemson next week 
still has a bright future ahead of him and a loss could be a blessing for him. wasnt like he was blown out of the water or anything near that. all this keeping ya 0 is bullshit anyway. ritson is going to go far yet. 
my classroom last week. 7yo nonverbal child asked to write his name on my panel. a little bit creepy. i'm guessing he got it from the simpsons or something. 
is that on 14th or 18th? four square says one thing, gmaps says another... 
well then if you paid attention to any of them you'd realize that antifa aren't liberals or support liberalism in any form. maybe it's your comprehension that's the problem, not straight up ignorance. 
men are only useful when they’re fixing shit or running my errands 
start your week with a visit to our barbershop and enjoy the v’s difference! book an appointment with the app or online (link in bio) . . . . #bringingbackhandsome #itsaguything… … 
or almost as gross as "leaders and crusaders" of the underground cannabis industry throwing shade at others. 
hello! i'm afraid we won't point to unauthorised streams of the episodes on this account, but i think sooner or later, it will be straightforward to find with google. -n 
@ frankiepalmeri best way to set up dreamcast on a current day tv? hdmi converters or should i get an composite tv. 
pc or ps4? 
need a mixtape cover or logo? contact me now!!! 
wait.. is y’all still bronsexual or was that a phase? 
join and get paid in bitcoin or usd to travel anywhere in the world for free and stay at any hotel or resort for free! liberty update: … 
she's lacking that certain natural, or seemingly natural, energy the other doctors had. maybe will find her groove. 
i can't believe that kidnapping children and locking them up is a winning platform or has the gop completely jumped the shark? 
and the king of moab, far or near. yet if any comfort of the earth may know that i will give power unto the lord. 
i just don't believe any return or story can save this show at this point. it's bled too many viewers for too long and to be honest, i don't even care if it's cancelled. back when amc and oltl were cancelled, i probably would have fought for gh but not now. 
lord, i need a sign to let go or to hold on 
keeping it small will be hard if theyre full body probabkly? unless you are okay with a longer width? or sandwich them into a cheerleader pyramid??? hmmmmmmmmmmm 
so... did he buy u things.. or he told u to buy it yourself?? 
what’s that smell? kinda smells like a ge, either that or the congealed blood on the knife davis just put in theresa’s back! "she is like a chess player who only has the king left - all she can do is move one square at a time until she is check-mated." … 
they better get their act in gear. injuries or not they have to play better 
really not interested in no one fr haven’t been for like a month or two fr 
#nflying to start their new one-year project #flyhighproject with live concert on october 20 & new song #flower release on october 26. the band will then hold various events to meet fans and/or release new song once every 2 month #koreanupdates 
ok it would be a toss up, it would be either the custom gouf from 8th ms team or the kshatriya from unicorn.. maybe the burning /god gundam from g 
hey bill...are you afraid of strong women....or are you just another gop wimp??? … 
if you want, instead of starting each chapter as a new page, you could skip down 4 or 5 lines, write "chapter 2," skip a few lines, and begin the text of the next chapter. it would still look spacious and uncrammed--i think that would be fine. 
@ mattbarrows any word on breida snap count or anything like that? 
love all you people saying how entertaining he is and how we should keep him in - you evicted the last lewis that was entertaining. has it finally sunk in that your going to leave the series with bores like brooke or do you just find lewis f easier on the eye or something? #bbuk 
i’ll be sleep probably bout 8:30 or 9 
since #pocohontas dna shows less than 1% of injun dna, pres trump should offer to give 1% of $1m dna challenge, or $10,000 to those indians who warren's ancestors forced on the infamous "trail of tears". … 
i put my snapchat out on facebook, to grab the attention of one person and everyone added me on there but him.... so i wear a size mahogany in caskets. y'all also makes those dumbass pictures of me with my head in the sky or sum. 
if i hear another gay person say, “i want my man with ‘body hair’ or to be ‘masculine’ because i’m gay for a reason and ‘want to date a man’” i will scream. what is your definition of a man. plz, enlighten me. like how can you say something like that 
20 films that had an impact on you, for the next 20 days. only post a pic. no film title or comment 
because these words were never easier for me to say, or her to second guess 
if you don’t give a damn about america or it’s beliefs then make your own choices, society also normalized the idea that darker skin is inferior, historically american society is full of rules defined by old white men that need to be fixed, teach your children different 
isn't it weird that even after this, both the mayor and the city council and the police have been pretending like it's "antifa" who are threatening violence or civil order. also that we're not finding out about it until today … 
socialists don't like proof or truth or that real nasty thing called the constitution. 
being a neophyte on such issues of legality, i wonder, is that obstruction, treason, or just inept & ignorance & are any of them breaking the law? i get the impression that is the standard operating procedure for the dems. especially after seeing barrack & hillary operate! 
#live: the knights are back on home ice tomorrow! tune into fox5 now with @ vegasanchor, @ cyndilundeberg, @ vincesapienza and more. watch on air or on the fox5 app: 
is it i or ... miss piggy is real? 
people dont even go to san francisco to go to the golden gate bridge. they just go there to do a juice cleanse or something like that, their so basic #basic 
thread by @ unseen1_unseen: "1. forget the polls for a moment. they are fine to watch and retweet and are interesting in a horse race kind of t forget about them for the moment. regardless of if they are right or wrong. just act as if they don't exist […]" … 
and meanwhile you pass at least 4 homeless people on the way to the subway everyday, and most people you know can't afford to go out or buy a new pair of shoes. but that $2,000 hamilton ticket you bought on a whim must have been really hard for you. 
keep the families together string them up and hang them off the wall for all the see as a deterrent brake in to a patriotic americans house and see how that works out same goes for any country if america is a nation of laws start enforcing them or the people will 
i hate when people call me hun or doll. it makes me feel like you just talked shit about me. 
going live for some bo4 blackout tonight, hope to see you all there for some chatting and/or laugh at me play. 
they will do it right after the election, whether or not they win. did you catch the other tax reduction bill they passed in the middle of the latest uproar? 
just here to say that @ itskai1525 is the best human ever.they have helped me through so much.they always know how to make me smile or just laugh.i love them with all my heart 
that's true - but when everything you ever believed or hoped for is turned on its head - as has happened to many of us with this muskrat falls disaster - it's some hard to keep it factual. 
why would he? he doesn't admit error or fault in any way. 
number one goal: photograph a harry show or do a shoot with him, i have so many wonderful ideas :( 
well you're 100% right about that, he should be a real estate agent/or selling insurance in snohomish, far away from any nfl coaching position.(he can't f'ing coach!) coulda swore it said joeckel(which he was too but really) & oday, my bad. 
people should stop stealing tweets maybe have some creativity or face that you aren’t funny 
true, but you can think the same about the field your soy milk or pasture where your hamburger came from. 
ain't you 13 or something … 
it would not look strange if he came out with a red clown wig or would that be seen as more pandering to phon. 
slept all day night morning had pizza..passed right out tonight had jacket potatoes with chez an bens mmmnnn yummie now im changing my sleep rules 2 sleep during day awake at night or as many consecutive nights in a row..(this is how the sleep challenge began in 2017-2018 so that 
honestly nart has such a way of doing that to p much everyone i've met and/or introduced it to. real talk tho. it's life changing and has the best characters, messages, arcs, music and will stick with you forever now welcome 2 the family!!! 
jeezy trap or die not on apple music 
what he said on ig live was not the same as what he said here? did he leave it out? maybe. i don’t fault him for it i just want tangela together whether both in the house or outside of it. 
while we’re on the subject seriously either be “gary” or “jerry” 
mueller’s interest in stone appears to be focused on whether stone or his associates communicated with julian assange or wikileaks about... … 
train’s rolling baby you’re either on it or you’re not @ … 
iraq's super gun called "project babylon" the complete device weighed about 2,100 tonnes when assembled, it was a space gun intended to shoot projectiles into orbit most likely to be used to launch satellites or as a defensive weapon. 
literally fuck every character thats not omar or ander, they’re the only 2 that matters 
you know i could care less these days. its not like ill see today again, or if id make it to next october. 
please let me know the exact error codes or error messages that appear. *el 
no matter how long it's been or which jersey he has on, i always get chills when jeremy lin takes the msg floor. #linsanity 
u may believe that #meghanmarkle deserves the toxic abuse because you are an abuser yourself, thankfully has enough sense to avoid them. where were all these people when she was pinching pennies & had no acting jobs and had to resort 2 calligraphy or when she was lonely in canada 
i’m buying madden 19 coins on xbox 1 and ps4 - need 100k + buying nba 2k19 mt coins for both consoles - need 100k + can pay using paypal or gift cards! hmu if u want to sell 
#scorpio do not understand restraint or moderation. they do not want to hold back and they do not want to stop. 
need a study break for ap us or ap world? you are in luck....the greatest show on television starts now! #survivor 
it is you we are resisting mr president and all your results have been for your friends the top 1% or the russians or the saudis. 
if you were truly a conservative you would be thrilled about what’s happening in america. so hop on the train or become a democratic socialist. 
#libra's are very friendly but once you cross the line and show your "clingy" or dependable side they're gone. 
happy birthday @ extremelilmiss hope had or have a great day!! 
dead or treat!! -sweetie party- ★10/9(12:00)～11/5(11:59)開催★ 仮装したビビとカタクリが登場！ 
a good laugh or a plane ticket. or food. … 
i don't hunt and i don't own a gun. this guy! needs to get eaten by lyons. while i don't have a problem with gun owners or hunters. i would gladly shove a rifle up his #@?. 
so they insult an entire culture and call those calling them out a hate group? how does that work? squaw is a demeaning word & anyone who can google or has heard of a dictionary should know that. 
we're currently experiencing some phone problems across all of our tattered cover locations. if you're attempting to call one of the stores and experiencing difficulties, just hang in there or try again and we'll get to your call as soon as we can! 
me " yo chris who is better cowboys or eagles?" chris " oh the fucking cowboys. theyre gonna win the division" whatttttt 
beat it nerd. talk to me when you’ve patched. very few have an idea what the industry goes through, the stress, the hours, among others. never applied for a well license, a pipeline license. never had consultations with freehold landowners or indigenous or a pm managing $1+b 
i’m going to say this real quick but my oc pixel g. has an electrical quirk that she rarely uses unless it’s for self defense or simple task 
we're told ag @ hawleymo will speak with reporters in the spin room after the debate. no word yet on whether or not sen. @ clairecmc will. #mosenatedebate 
reverse google image search. it's great! then click on the little camera thingie and you can either link or upload the photo and look at the possible matches. 
or the breakdowns and rollovers.... 
it was just a black off the shoulder sweater dress. idk if it was because they were hand made or... but i had saw an ad on ig scrolling and i was like why not lol... 
omg dem nation- bernie or hrc supporter, if you missed @ betoorourke on @ cnn go find it, watch him. he is awesome! #texastownhall 
one of two things happened: either the crown prince had him killed, or people who want to depose the crown prince had him killed to implicate the crown prince. either way, it's placed you and our country in a precarious place. 
or their cough. 
it's really only 1000-1 odds, so it would likely happen every 3 years or so. 
that's rich, coming from a descendant of illigal immigrants. i hate to tell you this but if you live here, you're an immigrant, directly or indirectly. unless you're navajo you can be quiet 
i am a t1. anything and everything can set off a low or high. with type 1 i have no insulin production at all. so i take a short acting and a long acting insulin everyday. 
we’ve been mentally destroyed in this hell hole so im not mad that y’all still dumb and don’t listen or even read thebook. you black hebrew israelites embarrass y’all own selfs standing on corners yelling at people but it make us all look bad who do know wassup. 
be thankful for publicity of any kind (good or bad); especially if it's free. 
yes ofc, feel free to do so. im nice, or try to be at least i just suck at replying to people sometimes … 
sooner or later i'm gna watch alvin and the vegetable 
if you watched the bodycam footage and not this video you would know someone called in saying they pointed the gun or waved it towards them. 
omaygad si ate @ parkjmfairy of course hehez punta ka sa register or signin then select sm branch select movie select date select seats tadaaa pero sm cinema namen sa lugar namin lilima palang kami nagreserve sooo yeaaaaa 
cash app having problems or something? cause ummm 
for some reason this track always sounded mournful to me. even more so now that i know we’ll never get more official ws music or a proper theme song for deadeye. 
it's simply because, when the smart ones starts being confident the other people assume that they are being arrogant or being cocky. though some smart people are actually like that and some stupid people aren't really that confident like me for example. you get it. … 
why didnt i go into illustration or graphic design :/ 
kellen moore or the head coach they had forever … 
i just wanna make it clear that my last few tweets weren't a hastag humblebrag or whatever. opera is hard, i can't do it at all, but attempts were made for kicks 
if you’re not sure whether to vote for @ thedemocrats or the @ gop just keep in mind that the democrats encourage more and more people to vote and the gop actively seeks out ways to make voting harder. the party that doesn’t want you to speak up is always wrong. 
learn more about adding a #himalayansalt wall to your #spa by contacting us at +1 (888) 576-3525 or : @ 
[help rt] want to trade - #wtt (helping my friend) #nct empathy - dream ver. ~ she has: jungwoo’ pc ~ she wants: lucas *priority* or offer. can ww ? yes! message me if you want to trade! ” 
these pictures are beautiful of jimin but does anyone have hd or hq pictures of jimin? 
"tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.” -stephanie klein 
hope you run faster than the cops and/or angry mob and they never id you babe 
this is my tweet announcing that i’ll be only speaking in tagalog until next week friday (pilot run hahahuhu) people who hear me speak english may get 20 pesos from me unless im in rehearsals or in need to expound specific terms 
so, u wan"t swimming suit or skull cap and burkqa to be dress code of temple..keep on inciting people against hindu tradition. 
@ keepmasafe would a threat of a lawsuit make swampscott school let this man, who is obviously not fit to be principle, become a teacher of children,who parents shared their outrage when he "came out" as principle! do they care about children or being sued? … 
i told y'all i'm coming one way or the other 
what’s your favorite ariana collab on my everything? — hmm either lmh or byhrb … 
you ever buy a hotel in your own town or close to it just cause you miss stayin in a hotel and you can 
whether he knew what to make of it or not, it's still pretty special to get someone you've followed for years to play your game. thanks, @ johnwolfeyt. btw, it is a game. 
'if you're not scared about fascism in the u.s., you should be': nyt video … watch this video frump wants fascism back it’s 1933 all over again. this is serious we need to get out and vote blue or where all screwed. # 
our border must be protected from invasion of foreigners. i want my kids to feel safe when they r walking home from school or at a mall or riding their bike with friends. no foreigner shd be allowed to breach our borders and we shd take no prisoners these ppl must be stopped 
i am a customer of yours, and i'm asking you to not use that slogan. it's not funny, or clever. 
informal is at 5%, so that’s mostly people who don’t want to vote or don’t know who to vote for. i’d say the rest are mostly people overseas who couldn’t be bothered with a postal. 
how to use social media to get paid the simple fact is that your potential client or customer is using social media. in 2019, it is estimated that there will be around 2.77 billion social... … 
celebrate people who attack journalists? is it just more or did the things he's done happened before he came. 
if we compare computer model curves predicting warming based on the assumption of "greenhouse gasses" to actual temperature measurements, we see little or no correlation. this disproves the hypothesis that such gasses cause global warming. the model is incorrect! 
i guess they'd rather just kill people, or hope we do it to ourselves first. 
cotton very hard on the hands weather knitting or crocheting. 
all of which are either non existent, non available to people here illegally, or not worth much. no one comes here for medicaid or snap bc they have food at home. what they don’t have is freedom of safety 
in addition to the fact that saudi arabia still has an impact in the oil market not as stated by the author, and this is due to many reasons. one of which is saudi can sell oil at very low price unlike the states or any other country in the world due to the low cost of extraction 
it really dosent matter if you want somebody why wait on them to do something for you? first time or last time. if you want something in life you gotta go get it 
1 easy lesson from the national party - shut up or be locked up!!!! my gosh they have so much they should be made accountable for!!! how they sleep at night is beyond me. viscous, egotistical, vile... … 
why not do practice runs on mixer or facebook, exposure on a new platform and your regs won't find you there if everything goes tits up 
not even big market teams can keep their great players. you think the dodgers will be able to afford seager, bellinger, buehler once they're up for free agency? you have to pick 1 or 2. baseball players don't tend to take discounts. 
rod is vile. last i saw of his comments inspired this: “a comprehensive guide to sex with trans people (or anyone else)” @ … 
fix this nfl. this could cause serious injury or death. #nfl 
i still haven't been able to get all the makeup off from friday and it looks like somebody choked me, or really weird hickeys...which you'd usually cover up with makeup 
have you ever seen or listened to bar sessions at b side?! check it, we are live right now! … 
people whom you meet on your journeys. i find this difficult. perhaps a lack of practice. or awkwardness at shooting people. i wish i could do more. perhaps i should just try. #magical… … 
this confirms it. it made a deal with god or the devil and that look on his face is because part of the deal was that he'd never miss a pat and he realizes that he's been betrayed by a grand deity. … 
(i'm going to see jessi in november too hehe looking forward!!) 27. does korean text book count? ajsjdjd 28. coffee or strawberry depending on my mood~ 29. dogs 30. seesaw 31. day for being outside, night for working 32. yes! but i get dizzy easily haha 33. 7? idk 
up for a little citizen science? lots of herbarium specimen labels need transcription: … or try inaturalist, and id unknowns to help others. 
the man himself @ timprovise is about to be live on the @ omenbyhp stage at #armageddonexpo make sure you jump in chat or head down to the stage and throw up the woooooooos 
@ christinamansk1 hi christina mansker, i am ulysses, nice to meet you! do you or someone you know need help connecting to college coaches across the united states in regards to aspirations to playincollege? 
problems is many of the same fans who got so excited every time he scored a goal, or dribbled past an opponent, or sent a long-ball across the pitch or ran from defense to attack etc... are same fans now overtly critical of him. 
rebound? or just stealing votes? why not assume they are . 
@ smii7y imma get a dad hat, which one would you more likely to give our number? someone wearing a white or black damb. hat? asking for a friend.. 
hello sir! im alive and well im currently paying off my mortgage at this moment in time! but enough of me how is it being a marine ? i'm tryna figure out if i should be a marine or go to work? very tough times for me! 
will we become like europe, or protect our sovereignty? much bigger than politics. erosion of our society may be hard for some to see & financial burden perhaps difficult to admit. but the harm is real. we cannot help anyone if we facilitate our own destruction. #stopthecaravan 
sunday funday. or frustraday. because i am playing more 
brownsy = a term used to describe a play that immediately or eventually will cause the browns to lose a game. the bucs 59 yard fg for the win was " brownsy ". 
cnn 10 22 2018 18 33 16 trump's dangerous caravan of terrorists is 11,000 miles from texas. even wearing nike gear, they could not and will not become a threat to the us border, any time in the near or distant future. #stfuah via @ youtube 
i’d be more shocked at an olinemen trade and less shocked at a wideout or running back trade. 
which if any quarterback would you trade for? or would you try kessler ? 
she and two other clerks concluded that the legislature isn’t following the fl constitution or state law 
lmaoooo at you thinking it hides what we look like! you think we naturally have golden eyelids, or? 
hahahaha we deserve to be divas once in a while or alwayzzz char 
just arrest them with no bail. they've proven that they don't respect the law or courts. i know jail will cost us but what they are doing now is costing us anyway. at least in jail they won't be a nuisance. 
after 30 years all you’re applying for is jobs as a scribe and authorization specialist. i definitely don’t have to justify my career to you. or anyone on twitter for that matter. you ridiculous washed up former ‘model’ 
wanna know what they do? they sell it elsewhere so either usa turns the prices lower or they will have no import of goods 
at the end of the day i'm all i have so i need to take care of myself and not just keep pouring into others because that's draining me and they don't realize that....or seem to care. 
last time i checked, those who resort to personal attacks are either covering up lies, withholding truth, afraid to challenge their own beliefs, or simply have extreme cognitive dissonance, and resort to diverting the fire by making others defend themselves instead of debating. 
i don't know how lgbt people, gay people, disabled people, black people, latinos, women or anyone with dignity or a conscience could support this administration.....but that's just me. 
“at the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict, or not closing one more deal. you will regret time not spent with a spouse, a friend, a child, or a parent.” 
whether its lying ted, absentee ted, lying rafael, or " beautiful rafael ted cruz, who cares?. nobody is interested in a guy, who all but served up his wife, as a " sweetner " to another guy for a few voted. thats not a man, thats a girly man. 
will this officially be women's wrestling week ? (or does that disrupt their annual breast cancer research propaganda stuff?) #raw 
can't wait for maps to not show income inequality: using compound interest and savings accounts or opportunity accounts is one way to fix historical problems: 
it terrifies me that u never know what someone is thinking or feeling towards u & everything that they say could be one massive lie 
wait they said it was a western theme?!? how does that work or fit? 
carried out poorly. speaks well of either intelligence or principles 
when you wander off schedule or during meditation? 
projected racism. things are never what they seem anymore, in a world full of deceit. don't trust what you see or hear, unless it feels true to your heart. has to go through that scan for us to be sure of anything. 
cause don’t no woman who not your wife owe you no pussy. if she don’t fuck or if she make you wait it’s not to an attack on good guys. it’s at her discretion and you prolly won’t fuck cause niggas like you think being a good guy is a down payment on pussy. you niggers are weirdos … 
this is the thumbnail or the main logo for my new playlist "pixmez agamez: the complete gamez!" and about to make a video of it! check out the playlist to! 
- documents must be in pdf or jpeg format in a minimal resolution of 300 dpi. - send in an email no larger than 10mb. if needed, you can send multiple emails. - insure that your betway account number and full name is on the subject line. 
wow there working now making america great!!!! looks the real worker's are back out working and your trying to lay clam on it!!! time for you to understand this didn't happen under you or obama administration!!!! 
natulog akong ayos lahat. or so i thought it was bc i woke up with a heavy heart 
no apology needed. this man’s tears over molested aussie children, when he was instrumental in setting up the current tragic abuse of refugee children are little short of crocodile tears. i will never forget or forgive his evil smirk. he obviously relushed the role. 
fak everyday i tell myself to message new people or open up to others more. but i just end up glaring at my phone before giving up and messaging people i'm comfortable with. i'm trying i swear ;n; 
beaufort’s not as classy — or literate — as it was back in the big chill days. 
“however the existing data (or lack thereof) raise questions on whether the current vaccines aimed at pediatric populations be accepted as having adequate safety profiles” 
come to think of it, this list doesn't have either rocket/arugula or coriander/cilantro, which would make a big difference to many people's answers i hate both, fight me about it! 
whenever someone asks me for romantic advice my entire advice is always 'just be open and honest about what you want and if it doesn't align with what they want compromise or move on' 
so, of course, i read up on him and- i may or may not be crying in the bus. 
follow: @ dziq990 like: … … youtube channel: inquirer 990 television textline: dziq(space) message send to 4467 or send to 09208379790 hotline: 519-1875 to 76 viber: 09296658300 
hey there brian, is it possible to make these types of transfer tattoos “at home”? or is it still too complicated? 
she knew she wouldn't be able to really reduce that number to something lower. it's that, or she would have to sulk even longer about her powers. the fact he was keeping her stripper hostage like this made her hands turn into fists. at least she would be still able to come ━ 
depression is real! depression takes peoples lives! if someone comes to you and says they are depressed talk to them! you can make a huge impact on that persons life! idk if i know you or not if you ever feel the slightest of sadness come talk to me i will listen! 
9. or 
jared cook or gore all i have to play.... 
the same thing happens in arkansas. one energy company monopolizes at the cost of the people. we had to fight a $500 bill for one month when my parents were not there with no service to their home due to storms. no #alternatives or #cleanenergy there. #fightthegoodfight 
**new** our minds can play tricks on us: as you'll learn in this compelling post, the more you think about things or people, the more importance you assign them. click for more, and please retweet- thanks! #mind #psychology 
so which is it? liberals need to watch out cause it might get real? or liberals just sent real pipe bombs to people that conservatives claim liberals love and worship? can't have it both ways buddy. 
you can support families: buy or sell our fantastic fundraiser cards! pick up @soccer fri. 2pm. extended for a limited time 
live now!! you have been asking and the big day is finally here!! come fight me in the arena. viewers choice of a 1v1 against me or a 2v2 with me. each match will be featured on stream ;) glhf @ clashroyale @ clashroyalert #live #twitch #girlgamers 
sir sh modiji announced in meeting one parwar lead the nation ina bad condition now asked sh modhiji where you are stand any list of sacrifice and patriot and donate or help the nation in war 1962 --1965--1968--1971--,kargil only any record last seventy years execpt 2002 gujara 
3) cut the red tape for competition. can't have robust public services or private industry by relying on either exclusively--allow for private schools/hospitals; stop subsidizing the public transport monopoly. centralizing everything is why doctors/young professionals jump ship. 
streaming bo4 mp and/or solo blackout 
self-realization or self-awareness is a virtue and a wisdom, isn't it? 
they did stupid. it was all over the country at the same time. do you think the guy would deliver it himself? have you ever heard of the post office or couriers. good one alex jones. 
cool, will follow up later this or early next week! 
not familiar with that act .. was that racial accessibility or merit accesiblility ... give me the fact .. … 
or i don’t know anyone. 
gordon or cohen? 
the man literally wants to be president forever. he’s already hinted at it. he would tear up the constitution if he could. at this point all i’m asking for is a decent human being whether they be dem or rep to run this country. 
are they in the business to make money or preach the word of god? you can't have both. 
is she the one that showed up to work, sat with her producers and then prepped what they’d talk about on her show for maybe an hour or so and then apologized the next day when she got backlash? 
you gotta take chances if your a gm and in that stacked west it’s either win now or bust so you gotta do it imo 
evidently you haven't seen stevie r. rude mood. you would blow your load. you would be able to use the word iconic you can't be from texas or you would know no one has or ever will come close to srv. ever if not happened by now. it won't ever. 
wtf. and i am out here not going out bc i have noone to go out with or know where to go. 
i learned the hard way that you aren’t ahead or behind of anyone. you’re running your own race and it’ll be just as sweet when you cross the finish line. keep working boss. it’ll all work out. took me 6 years to get a 4 year degree. 
you don’t have adds or skips you can play anything you want and download anything you want on data or wifi and listen offline if you don’t have unlimited data. i honestly really like it 
ugh i need to get blunted or smoke a fat bowl to be honest my dude 
is that a place or something lol 
the actual sauce or like the canned jelly 
“you can’t eat any carbs or sugar until we know whether or not you need surgery” then what am i supposed to eat????? 
it's trunk or treat time in downtown meridian! arrrrrrrr you with us?! #208bptw #areyouwithus @ shawkinz24 @ thescholie @ jgebing @ 
iphone or android? — android hands down … 
they identified the person and forwarded it to the plymouth city attorney to consider misdemeanor charges. city attorney didn’t return calls or emails. 
lbj or ben simmons. those two create and then distribute. lamar was elite but the triangle definitely helped. 
uhhhh in what shape or form 
i truly hope so! i hope that you are also having a wonderful day. or at lease an ok day!! 
definitely not, but we aren’t seeing anything on our end. can you try to clear cache and give it another whirl? or another browser? 
every social media platform seems to be this way. if you're attractive or a woman or a woman that flaunts herself you'll get more views. but i am always with the beileive that it is better to have more meaningful views and also some people like a good personality/humour 
but americans don’t count anymore. we’re at the bottom of the barrel. last on the list. middle america must survive or we are doomed as a country. let that sink in. maga 
she was never really welcome there or even expected to get results. she was just a trophy that the left media captured from the right. 
did he say that before or after the … 
rocking the pink hair or nah? 
#newrelease #ku ➠ waiting for autumn by j.a. derouen is #live!! grab your copy today at the special release price of $2.99, or download now with #kindleunlimited! amazon: amazon ca:... … 
get ready to be inspired by a new slant on history. pictures from a #hiroshimaschoolyard starts now on @ scientologytv, directv channel 320. tune in via appletv, fire tv, roku, or our mobile app. watch it online: #fridayfeeling #wwii #humanrights 
even if your parents are assholes don’t ever cut them out of your life. there’s no handbook on parenting and you should just be thankful your parents aren’t beating you to a pulp or sexually abusing you like other kids. 
people who talk during movies literally exist like it’s their hobby or something .. 
congratulations!!! if you have any questions or help let me know! being a mom is awesome!! & a huge change for sure!! 
this dog chewed up two pairs or expensive panties and my heel... 
@ scottanthonyusa time to admit he was a die hard trump supporter. and i’ll never try to label all trump supporters as terrorists or racists either. i keep it honest. 
i try to avoid arguing or exchanging words with uber drivers, so i’d rather take my complaints to uber support. 
but i’m definitely not hauling no boxes appliances furniture or nothing! insure it to the max, my homie taught me that and go on vacation while they set it up. 
he stands by what he does unlike arrow for example constantly having these scenes where he is battling killing or not. 
i realy dont know if this would mean that the leak is real or fake xd but shadow as a semi clone would be absolutely amazing 
hi, this is kelly. i do apologize for any frustration or inconvenience. i will be happy to research. please dm @ fedexhelp with your name, address, city, state, zip code, tracking number, phone number and email address. 
okay, i understand being excited about getting a new phone or other new things, but come the fuck on. you don’t need to post a billion and one photos. post one, then gtfo. simple as that 
yep i either get team mates who don’t touch obj or overdo obj 
gus, its really important that we all vote, and express zero % or else the small minority with snouts in the trough could get up 2 % 
salem county trick or treating 
for sale -> 2004 #porsche911 in #clackamas, or … 
obama, you don’t really believe what you just tweeted. you aren’t a christian and you never did anything to help the jewish people here and you didn’t like or support jerusalem. go away!!!!! you failed all of us! look what we have to deal with because of you!!! 
25 of the best #diy #halloween #costume ideas for kids - these will never get old or out of date! via @ 
did they get mailed or delivered? 
but what gets me is how pple tend to treat me as if i’m the youngest in my family... like i got to be babysat or ask for permission to go this or that place... 
is this a parody or are you just talking absolute shite? 
morris county trick or treating 
who got a chegg or course hero account ???? 
black queen or mental tormentor? … 
fox is turning to shit too. only watch fox news at night or fox business... … 
tonight!!!! tonight!!!!! #sexysaturdaynights the masquerade edition costumes or mask welcome but not mandatory. ladies no cover before midnight music by @ djtyboogie1 x… … 
probably suga or rm … 
or kick them when they low.. #votered #jobsnotmobs 
so are you going to get your own yt channel or what?!? — i've considered it but tbh everyone has one so i feel like i'd have to do something different/unique bc if not it'd be… … 
@ lesterholtnbc we are regular ⅵewers of your newscast and you do an excellent job．however，you read obⅵously flawed basic grammar every night．the phrase "we are back ㏌ a moment" is wrong. it should be either "we will be back ㏌ a moment" or "we shall be back ㏌ a moment". 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist carving pumpkins!!! the random sht show - squash or toss 
or karate chop it or punch or kick it or throw bleach in it or anything they can pile on top two claims will i stop doing that so i don't know why the fuck he still wants to rate me because i'm so perfect have a baby with even the fat fucking ugly bitches think that they're 
i’ve seen so many creative halloween costumes but theres always those girls that just put on a headband, bra, and tights and boom they’re a ‘cat’ or a ‘devil’ 
love environment & animals ? join our team now !! - no experience needed - training provided - sharing awareness - weekly payment - looking for a fun working environment ? whatapps me or pm me now @0177772089 
||. i feel you, it's not fun but we all experience some type of drama outside of here or even on twitter itself. 
the age old question.. @ polarisrzr or @ canamoffroad. which would you take? #polarisrzr … 
visibility has dropped to a quarter-mile or less for portions of the area. be sure to slow down if you encounter visibility reductions while driving. #mewx 
i really don’t care if this treasure shit is real or not but what i can say is dr.phil’s show has always sucked and all he do is sit there and talk in monotone about nothing. how do y’all even watch that shit 
or wants out so he gets more playing time with another team. 
he makes a jackass of himself every time he shows his face or opens his stupid mouth. 
lets have a vote.. written raps or freestyling. you have to put in the comments what i am most best at... gooo 
it's bittersweet coming home from the dunes. you don't wanna leave but the feeling of cleaning sand out of every place on your body is the greatest 
that was absolutely brutal. why stop?! kick the 3 and run down the clock or get a td and win the game anyway. teaser was in the bag there after that fumble. put an next to that one and call it a win! 
oh anything about kiss or kissing will do 
you're so desperate. our president is in bed with saudi arabia. a handshake or sitting next to someone doesn't count. i've lost count how indictments happened under trump. zero under obama. just admit it, your party is terrible. 
i’ve got a clue, look at my reasoning.. idk if he’s just declining as a player or what. but i find it very curious that both things happened at the same time 
is it just me or are there 20 different "national cat day"s scattered throughout the year... i've seen people post about it several times this year already. 
i watch a few shows on mtv. a few times an hour they have a message , that is not sponsored, about not allowing hate or antisemitism to be acceptable. fucking mtv has more compassion and love for humanity than out shithole president. 
hey erin! flipgrid is used daily all over the globe. i’d say no hesitation as long as school policies allow it. students can easily share or take turns with devices if there aren’t enough. 
i wonder do ppl give social media a break? im not talking about while you at work or you using the bathroom but really not being on it for awhole day? 
main thing you don't become a consultant or write your memoires as all other politicians do! 
i don’t think they quite filled in all the holes or answered all your questions but overall really gorgeous and surprisingly human for a ghost story. 
small sick energy stream again crittxr or what? 
what riight does cher have for speaking out against any political candidate from a foreign nation? do our freedom of speech rights in the usa extend to other countries??? she was invited to perform not call out names. cher does not represent us or the usa. 
those were good times, but wining a ws, comes with good managing, good pitching, and contact hitting, not a all-star at every position that’s hr or bust, that’s just me, and this is what a lot of this fan base wants, that’s not getting the yanks a ws. 
or ? 
sadly, thai food in ontario, or is even worse than i expected. 
drop a music video for tomorrow or in my dreams … 
both my parents were us army ww ii war zone veterans. it would be interesting to know if *this* mission is good or bad for army enlistment/retention rates. 
a rude employee is one thing though. or an envious spectator. i especially seek his heart and his advice when it comes to people like ... 45. people with the power to hurt and destroy thousands if not millions of others, and not [seem to] regret it whatsoever. 
dinosaurs galore at the trick or treat event @the shoppes at farmington valley … 
things got a little crazy at #tillsonburgtowncentre tricker or treat night tonight. … 
in reference to a vegas bomb. dropping the shot glass in redbull. me- "are you dropping the shotglass in or pouring it? i'm afraid i'll choke on the shotglass. @ dkllowry - "if that would just slip into your mouth, how are you still single?" 
me to want to talk or something because im bored 
#dem candidate calls for corporate tax rate to be increased to ’38 or 39 percent’ via @ … 
my husband @ bradcwilcox just dropped a new cover for his book headless! headless by tristram lowe makes a great trick-or-treat bag stuffer. sugar-free and promotes reading! :) @ tristramlowe #books #halloween 
well, i'm having trouble understanding what orifice you are pulling this supposed prohibition out of, because it certainly isn't based in any actual law or fbi procedure 
if being honest with someone provides relief for you and possibly pain for someone else, is it then a selfish act? should it then go against the norm of "honesty is the best policy"? (or however you want to phrase it.) 
so nakakainis coz he kept bullying me >:((,, and just mabait when he libre-libre or acting like a protective guy friend to us girl friends. a lot of unforgettable memories tbh. the funniest one for me was when we,dormer frenz, were playing behind the canteen. it was so fun … 
dennis gonna be watchin the game and see mac n rex on the big screen or somethin 
attention parents: i assure you, no one is handing out free edibles for trick or treat. 
do it or kakashi cyrus and yeojin will go after you 
& you can use other words that don’t carry the association with european imperialism, like invade or violate. i hate to go into semantics but it’s necessary bc your choice of words directly compares trans women existing to the mass enslavement and exploitation of people of color. 
is this going to be a full time thing or are you testing things? 
@ ronwyden trump announce he is going to overthrow the gov. by starting to abolish 14th amendment of birth right with e.o.. to abolish any right or threat with e.o. is a threat to overthrow the gov.. trump must be impeach for threating to overthrow the gov.. 
so they inherited 153bln a year deficit to be funded with debt. in order to slash the deficit and not increase debt, would you have preferred to shut the nhs, or welfare? 
everyone has, but we're they talking to you or just amongst themselves? 
prepare yourself for the spookiest #speakeasychicago that ever lived... or will it?! join us tomorrow for bone-chilling ballads by @ coledegenova & a special pumpkin potion available by the cup or cauldron 
i had a dream where i wore a big green dress with a long train like i was a princess or sth and it felt lovely 
any followers in who have lived in colombia, argentina, or panama? looking to chat about shopping attitudes in those countries and online behavior. flag me! 
just spent ~90 minutes text banking for @ staceyabrams and @ dana_balter and talked to dozens of voters who are so excited to vote for them! if you want to help with gotv in this last week but your free time is limited or sporadic, i can’t recommend text banking enough. 
at trunk or treat with church. don’t know my eta 
nowadays you don’t know if a dude really wants you or just wanna freak you. 
the face you make as you realize the herd of trick-or-treaters is thinning and you still have so. much. candy. #sadiethegoon #sadiethefiend #sadiethegoogoomuck 
〝 well, i like horror so it wasn't scary... 〞 she looked up at him before turning. 〝 um... i don't have much friends.. only jake... i mean, i know like more people or two but i haven't spoke to them much.. 〞 
kids: trick or treat! me: yo, you want this king sized candy bars? kids: yes please me: *looks at parents standing at the end of the drive way* me: do a back flip 
no joke or meme has ever improved my health, well-being, wellness, lifestyle or life in general. i've ignored all of those unfunny things because it doesn't help me. 
i watched the 700 club for maybe 10 minutes and that was enough. the broken old troll. also fox specialists, either those folks are getting paid real good money or they are just idiots. … 
are you some psychic? read between the lines? where i come from it's say what you mean & mean what you say or you're a liar taxes are down so is unemployment there are enough jobs for all america is back on top actions speak louder than words 
a total disgrace. what’s his agenda here; to get hearts fined or disciplined? what a pillick! 
his name is danye jones. he was lynched in his own backyard. his mother protested in ferguson and he was targeted because of it. his mother found him hung from a tree with his pants down. there is evidence or i wouldn't say this shit. 
the statists will say its racist or offensive to point out certain neighborhoods are worse than others but will ignore he fact that lower class kids go to wealthier areas to trick or treat. how about that 
queen elsa just came up to my door to trick or treat and i had to tell her i have no candy and i’ve honestly never felt like such a bad person 
the last thing this country (or indeed any country) needs in the current climate, is fox “news”. 
i agree with the ones whose decisions and authority really matters——->the committee not joel or anyone else’s outside the committee.....until the committee reconvenes and ranks them again next week!!! 
anyone know the two morons who ran on the pitch? we're they st holders or tourists? hope they were the latter. 
what do you do when there’s a tornado warning on halloween? trick or treat for sure 
lol or you’ll find out your category 
that contacts permission is a bad one. it can export your contacts and email everyone you know to install the app because "you loved it" or send ransomware. 
hopefully he pisses off enough that they will vote for the d or not vote at all. 
the ideal solution is direct democracy, were we can vote on individual policies & or initiatives. we need to dramatically reduce government/taxes and start making decisions for ourselves. 
my point being, with his national profile is up. win or loss, dems will basically harass him to run in 2020. so in some ways this senate race is inconsequential. what will be interesting though is if he actually wins. his on record saying he will serve his term... 
i want another season or movie so bad 
no matter party or geography or any other small difference, all 28 million texans are deserving of being listened to, being represented, being served, and being fought for. @ betoorourke will listen to every texan. #txsen #betofortexas 
"because they have this enormous agenda-setting power, because bill gates and melinda gates are public figures, if they give a speech or if they want to talk to the media, everybody listens." @ peterkotecki what will this mean for their new ed policy? 
when i toured in a band and did a lot of... "where are we staying on the cheap" in places like wis dells or tallahassee or... between omaha and oklahoma city, we had good luck with econolodge 
those are my only options rn, it’s either collins or breida as my rb2 this week 
or asking “ what’s for lunch “ means i’m asking someone to buy me lunch smh 
you’ll know when i don’t care or stop fucking with you cause i’ll stop reacting and caring and just fall all the way tf back 
me too no responsibilities and no worries but what cartoon to watch or what toy to play with #simpliertimes 
if i was even blessed enough i wouldn't want and don't want anyone to do @ foodnetwork or @ bflay on my behalf especially since i could boss up ride out and kick his sexy ass myself as tight and firm as it is 
who is q of the us? is she taken seriously by us people? or just a joke account? 
exp share? no challenge. pseudo-100%-synchronizer npc? no challenge. i'm serious that "hardcores" see artificial difficulty as a form of challenge in pokemon. they never heard of @ cavegames or @ supermeatboy... extremely challenging, but no artificial difficulty. … 
then don’t let your child use football players or managers as role models. your kid’s role-model should be you, but you don’t seem like a great role-model yourself if you think that someone celebrating a disallowed goal deserves to be attacked in any way. 
do you still look attractive in pictures when you don’t pout or screwface? that’s the question 
get ready - nov. 2 begins the first of five black friday sales at the yard! enjoy 15% off your purchase and get a free bracelet or water bottle. we have great gifts for your athlete. stop in friday and save! 
i have tomorrow off and going to spend time on ff14 tonight. should i: a. go afk in pagos? b. go find a suzaku group and "farm" (although i only have like 11 kills) c. reconsider my life choices because i am thinking about a or b? #ffxiv #egiglamour #ffxivsnaps 
or possibly those who speak russian? 
@ playoverwatch i like how people who actively throw and/or troll are fine but being "toxic" sure isn't i mean sure because being toxic sure does give people a worse overwatch experience than people who activly try to make your game worse 
always wondered why @ mrpetebennett never went back on big brother like the all stars series or any other? definitely was the best ever series of big brother from all 18. 
“there is no more neutrality in the world. you either have to be part of the solution, or you’re going to be part of the problem.” - eldridge cleaver 
they will approach you when they need you. but when they don't, you're just a somebody or a no one. 
gonna stream starfox tomorrow rather than today since less people who make music or art or whatever i like aren't awful people. 
if man city did get stripped of the title, and the infamous slip became an irrelevant fact, i don't think anybody would see me until february 2019. i'd be found in some hedge and unable to remember my name or what day it was. … 
c. in your own talents because others have greater talent or greater talents. it's impossible to create a work of art or receive proper inspiration while intoxicated. don't believe everything that successful artists might have said. the news media sometimes unlawfully change it. 
yes! yes! tell us when and we will be ready with a fist pump, or a high five, or... !! 
pretty sure our cat is on her last legs. hasn't eaten or drank much today, multiple visits to the vets haven't helped, she's still dying from this bastard respiratory infection that has been going on for months and months despite all the treatments. i feel horrible 
when the polls end ill say which is more or whatever also pls vote and if u say intimidating pls tell me why on my cc bc im curious as hell … 
(you don't have to go to the hospital the instant you have a contraction or your water breaks) (just fyi!!) 
atleast our invigilators know nothing about our course work. they just there to make sure we aren’t cheating, give or collect question papers and answer scripts. … 
the percentage of adults that dont know how to read or write here is staggering and frustrating 
does she fucking have any idea how massive the american military industrial complex is or is she just that delusionally self aggrandized 
or an alligator … 
needing exo accs to follow ! rt or reply if you wanna be followed ! @ weareoneexo #exo #exo_dontmessupmytempo #exo_tempo @ b_hundred_hyun @ lay_zhang_ 
as trump was a millionaire at 8 years old enough to drive you wacky as need right people manage as wining the lottery as all mainly go bankruptcy as trump declared bankruptcy 4 or 5 times as had saudi aribia bail him out 
@ iainlee random question. what is the most genuinely scarry or disturbing movie you ever watched? 
i didn’t want £ or energy drinks. i only wanted 4 little bottles of pop. i’m easy to please 
need video editing help or services? good news, you're in luck! i've started a special fiverr gig just for that. go ahead and check it out 
kindly allow 24 hours for possible resolution of your claim. if the reversal is not processed after 24 hours, please contact us or log the claim on our website via this link … should you require further information/clarification, please do not... 1/2 
@ chuckschumer great job numbers mean absolutely nothing to families, however, to a family who has not had income or much less than usual, who has wondered how they were going to make it on unemployment, it means a great deal. my guess would be that you know nothing about that. … 
i mean, do the borg have such headlines or clips? y'all must have cnn assimilated by now, there is no other explanation for it 
i need to order something with vegetables in it or i'll die. but i really wanna get burgers anyway 
it’s on my pinned tweet or if you look at my bio it’s on that repo 
who will you love more? baby boy or baby girl? (hopefully she says both) 
ton top5 du ballon d’or? — martial martial martial martial martial … 
if ur in a dodge charger w tinted windows in a bar parking lot at 1 am ur either a cop or doeing cocaine those r the only two options 
#nowplaying mishigan - this is beatminerz on #beatminerzradio #homeofthedj download our app in the itunes or gooleplay store. 
hmm, either my back is feeling better or i'm just too used to the slight pain to notice it either way, nice! 
eh i'm just not really interested in most of them, i have no real attachment or anything to a lot of them. maybe i'll try em out but they haven't really clicked with me for some reason. 
college wouldn’t be so bad if we didn’t have exams, or papers, or homework, or quizzes, or didn’t have to go to classes 
why would the kids feel bad? that the teachers dressed up for halloween?! what would all of you say if they were wearing a hillary mask or bill or obama?! what kind of people want someone to lose their job over halloween costumes! 
what are the results? pakistan will get money or ik will come back empty pockets? 
i heard that he shot a guy or something like that...maybe he shouted at a guy or maybe he just shat himself. those kinds of claims? but what if i heard it or people are saying or everybody knows? 
there's a glitch in red dead. when you kill a small animal that has 3 stars, and it says 1 or 2 stars after killing it. still skin it or pick it up! alot of times, they'll still actually be perfect 3 stars, but won't show it. 
how happy am i to see this post...happy that all the mta riders will be graced with my beloved friend’s poem. hey everybody...whether it’s your first time or five-thousandth time, let’s… … 
so who u rather rn grier, haskins, herbert or fromm 
best article on var....i am against and this is why. it will be more devisive then trump. love or hate you won't change a persons mind. var is a battle in war for the soul of football… on - … 
vancouver is where i wanna go. either there in canada or somewhere like italy. 
those wonderful middleton heights elementary school teachers who showed their admiration for uncle donnie, will likely be "teacher of the year" candidates of devos. and hardened supporters if they are fired. trump might pay for their legal fees or donate his salary to them!! 
this hour that can arrive sometime outside of all hours, a hole in the net of time, this way of being between, not above or behind but between, this orifice hour to which we gain access in the lee of other hours... julio cortázar 
went to washington last month and one of the coolest things about seattle is going out to eat and seeing collages and photos and newspaper clippings or jerseys of kevin durant hanging up huge frames on the walls. they really love that guy up there. 
any more commits this weekend or what? 
just because you have diabetes, htn, or even had prostate surgical removal does not mean that you have to live with erectile dysfunction! @ caverstem @ menshealthmag @ maximmag @ gqmagazine @ stemcells @ stemcellmarket @ miamiurology @ amdiabetesassn @ zerocancer @ beatpca @ 
hi uwu im kinda restarting this account hhh !! im also doing an unfollow spree so comment a picture of renjun or jeno to keep moots uwu 
i’d love to reach 4k! it’s a stretch, but go big or go home right? 
you really don't know which they'll pick??? break with the eu in order to keep the uk happy, or stick with the huge trading block and social/political entity that has helped turn the roi economy around. and you can't 'put the reu aside' roi are part of the reu and will not split. 
how bout 1988, or 1954, or 1934? 
i was at sea world one night at a show (i can't remember if it was with school or not) and they played a worship song that had been secularized and it just sounded creepy and obsessive 
this has been going on for days now. he's clearly just a very small minded fellow who's not interested in discussion or change. please, for the sake of my mentions, let it die. 
neither you or trump have a thimble full of accomplishments combined! we need leadership....we need progress.... phil bredesen can deliver both. 
omg pls dont leave me hanging and reply my whatsapp.... a simple yes or no is ok im not gonna be mad. i just dont want to wait for 3 whole days waiting for deliveries in vain 
it seems like you are scared of qualified, educated and strong women. you tend to idolize men who will sexually assault a woman or ones who grab them by the pussy. nothing but a empty suit. 
hello tama, what are some of the best places in japan, that most people don't know about? or just your general favorite places that you recommend . thank you 
not use the worksheet and have students listen to or read a story with the structure embedded so they could connect meaning to it. 
how much does it cost we the people for trump to stump for disgraceful politicians like you? do your constituents know how much money his pep rally’s cost them? nice way for you to get coverage in the media without paying a dime. i don’t know who the bigger whore is, you or trump 
i ain’t really w them mixed signals, we cool or we not 
or included in the “match day squads” midweek but nowhere to be seen on match days 
it's called trying again in 2020 or the next special election 
yes but lindor was on a year lately and i’d thought he’d be in there for ramirez but an indian is in, the other one is probably top 4 or 5 they’re both young we love it 
how come? i don't live in america or feel like i should sway your decision, just merely curious. 
this is easy. blow her car up or kill her it’s simple … 
day 27: no one writes a plan down to be lazy, dumb, fat or broke. that’s what happens when you don’t have a plan. 
dear annie, are u aware that christian orgs have separate boys and girls schools in india ? isn't that sexist and discriminatory ? pls mind your own business and leave india to indians ..are we demanding for a female clergy , or a female pope ? #sabarimala 
so cowboys wearing the bad luck blue jerseys, they suck after a bye week, aaand they’re playing on monday night in which they play terrible whether they win or lose... it’s gonna be a rough night peeps 
orally, anally or just for a chat ? 
am i the only 1 who thinks he has a good matchup in rob? lol, like if this was romero or weidman, id say no but rob... he can get a decision win over him imo 
. @ jimherring very shallow analysis - u have no idea what ur talking about - who did u copy this text from? - luv yur prediction of 18-25 in the house - whadda idiot - ur predicting the house may or may not fall to the democrats - u spineless pos #va07 … 
for the forehead botox or dysport is really your best option. the creases just run so deep up there. now for eyes? i think just a good serum/cream/oil regimen goes a long way. 
this is why you never quit or stop trying. @ biancastinka 
he was booted or something lol … 
check off another highpoint. fort reno (or “point reno” as it’s officially termed by @ usgs & was @least under consideration to be officially renamed by dc) stands @409 feet in a city that’s mostly 20 ft or less. and it happens to be in a #nationalpark! #nationalparks 
@ realdonaldtrump vote red or go to bed 
what do we about youtubers with "youtube" in their name? is the ttv wave over or what 
trump says democrats would ruin florida, his second home … #newsmax via @ newsmax fellow floridians please do t r thing &vote red.we’ve h enough of nelson w has d nothing really improve or help o dsantis for g is a coverup f communist 
cfa sandwhich or nuggets? 
umm so my account got restricted or some shit?? because i was violating guidelines?? whomst? 
there’s no denying: win or lose, today will have been a day full of votes. 
this election has become a referendum on the approval of bullying, bigotry & non-stop hyperbole & untruth in the name of nationalism or a shift to the political left. … 
@ rwitherspoon just watched a commercial with you saying you’re getting me a wine carafe. will you be mailing it, or will you be delivering it santa style through my chimney while i’m asleep? what type cookies do you require? 
i’ll send some feet pictures or something 
okay look everyone i don’t have a soul or my songs would be really good in perfect i’m sorry but i could die in i wouldn’t come back too this world like i can’t bring my songs back that i perfectly did 
who would you go with in the flex for week 10 in a 0.5 ppr? ingram at cin, landry vs. atl, or ekeler at oak? #fantasyfootball 
which i will not be drinking, at all. not sure if it was a bad bottle or if it's that bitter … 
irony? or karma? … 
run before, run after...or run your way to the booth. just vote! #running #runners #justrun #justvote … 
you mean they may respond like the idiot democrats did after the 2016 election? or maybe go bang on the door of the supreme court and try to drag it open like they did after the cavanagh nomination? whatever they do it’ll just resemble with the dems did. 
lots of fighters call each other out. doesn't mean they're ducking or scared. zabit might not be ready or the other two might be ready sooner. none of them might not have even got a contract for zabit and vice versa. 
drip or drown spending addiction top off … 
but canada post is canadian , it is supposed to be cheaper than ups or fedex !! i am not saying canada post should pay u less , for us to be cheaper for us but it has to have better rate than ups which is american base ! and i don’t want anyone to get sick 
your choices are surrender, or face annihilation! 
who are these parents?! or the ones where the parents aren’t ever even mentioned! 
we talking invitations or 
will you let me answer or will you keep deleting your comments and then rush to bock me before i can? 
i read the books like two or three years back and i liked them but the entire movie franchise (or whatever you call it) was just so fucking terrible i wanna scratch my eyes out 
o_o well, i suppose he couldn't wear lwft or right without dragging on the ground... what book, or can't you say? 
if we get results on hillary or obama, the country will shut up and learn to respect trump. results soon, please 
still not seeing why this plan for "simple segwit softfork in a week" was passed over in favor of a ~11 month ultracomplex rearchitecture of bitcoin. must be something i'm not getting. @ pwuille (...or just nobody thought of doing it this way) … 
“hey, do you know where the bread, peanut butter, and jelly is?” he went around the place. “er... or where the kitchen is?” … 
at metlife auto & home, we don’t think home insurance should be complicated nor expensive. others are enjoying simplicity & savings every day, and you could too! visit or call 844-629-7796 to get your free quote today! 
what does a 1yr deal mean in a halfseason situation? does it mean just for the remaining 8 or 8 into next season for dez? 
i mean sure. but that's not the issue though is it? the issue is that he's a reactionary irrespective of his opinions on kant or aesthetics, etc. 
they have to keep it out so i have absolutely no context for why this happened or why dave mustaine has boobs & is allowed to say ass 
you and i must have been watching a different press conference; or do you always lie like this? besides, aides are allowed to "take" microphones from reporters in russia, not the usa! 
i don't know when people are serious about their battle with depression or just playing?? 
@ heartlandradio @ digz @ toddmccomas @ vivalazito @ bostonconnr i live in az... most of az doesn’t do daylight savings time. all we do is just remember if it’s a 2 hour time difference or 3 to the east coast or a 0-1 hour difference to ca. the end 
i saw saw a lot of tweets yesterday and they seem to have been misquoted or misinterpreted cos this reads very different... this reads that she wouldn’t go to bat for the negro man while ignoring the negro woman... 
reminder: if you're competing in an individual role play or ttdm there is a practice after school tomorrow in mrs. tobias' room 206! 
“i've been okay. just got back in town last night and i spent most of the day workin' on my shop.” kanji's eyes would drift to the scarf around her neck, had she worn it before or was this a new thing. “i see you got yerself a new scarf. did you make it or didja buy it?” 
did i win or lose this trade? #fantasybasketball 
ok i'm really hyper rn i just have so much energy and idk if this just came randomly like it sometimes does or if it's bc im drinking coffee at 2am but,, idk everything is just so funny to me atm 
i have never tried using leaves or bark for dyeing, and would love to take a natural dye course. unfortunately there isn't anywhere close enough for me to drive to, to take a course. 
absolutely have to nail this or it’s going by to ruin one of the best tv shows of all time. … 
meeting tomorrow after school in vaerewyck’s room!!! we will be making ice cream! be there or be square! 
yes, your tweet is visible. was that what you were checking or do i misunderstand? 
“trump’s installation of matthew whitaker as acting attorney general of the united states after forcing the resignation of jeff sessions is unconstitutional. it’s illegal... anything mr. whitaker does, or tries to do, in that position is invalid” … 
i̇s bitclubnetwork ponzi or scam? they pay nothing to members and stopped mining. @ btcturk @ bitclubturk @ bitclubnetworke @ bitclubnetworko @ bitclubnetwork @ bitclubgul @ onquestbrainabu 
gonna rant**** i’m at orange leaf with bella (one of bffs (who happens to have down syndrome)) and the guy at the register does her transaction first. she pays for everything with cash to learn money management. anyway...he didn’t give her change or a receipt and i noticed.. 
sometimes when you gaming you being gamed most all the time unless you on the right side of the truth. apply this to who or whatever. 
arthritis steals from millions of people. i no longer accept arthritis being invisible or ignored. i’ve added my voice. i am versus arthritis. join us. … 
you used the word "retard" and "actual research". what you are doing is stating liberals do not fact check or research which is untrue. sure there some that dont, just like on the conservative side. but what you are doing is creating a divison. language matters. 
why does star wars feature pilots? or anything instead droids doing everything for everyone? 
here's a fun fact: flake could force that this gets passed if he threatened to caucus with dems or hold up judicial noms until he's gone. what say you, @ jeffflake ? finally feel like...you know....putting your money where your mouth is for … 
where is the bootleg youtube version we can see, or even the official. 
is it just me or is @ line_of_duty the best crime show ever?!! discovered to my delight that s4 is on netflix now and i’m gripped (again!). of course i had to take a break to watch @ celticfc but i’m sure @ martin_compston would approve 
you should have seen dr leathers roll up squad deep with his “posey” (deos). i just found it funny, and dr. leathers called it his posey and was like you better watch yourself or something like that. 
00:00 am 4.9°c 0.0 mph sse. f/cast: "mostly cloudy and cooler. precipitation likely, windy with possible wind shift to the w, nw, or n." 
spread the word santa's coming to surrey - cloverdale!!! sunday dec. 2nd at 5pm. family fun with a cause, bring a gift or a non-perishable to the parade as we make many many children smile!!! @ ctvvancouver @ globalnews @ cbcvancouver @ cityofsurrey @ elementssry @ 
what the heck did you send them? i signed up with twitter and that was it! they didn't ask for my birth certificate, my home address, my autobiography, or my experience with the sec. lol #queenwiki #qwuniversity 
he blinked a bit before looking from side to side. starting at the woman's unusually soft cheek. "you're not going to devour my soul or anything one i do this right?" he said, starting to lean a bit closer. 
hello where are my liberal george soros checks at?? are these bitches getting lost in the mail or what??? 
we are still running our special for cwl las vegas! this will be going on until the event! be sure to message myself or @ sentinel to take advantage of this awesome 
heather rolls her eyes an lets out a groan “you better watch it or i’ll make you choke on that lollipop.” 
contact him/her now, unless it happens to be susan collins or jeff flake 
vote labour or get the tories 
but god makes no mistakes and i’m glad i got to cherish the memories of everyone, whether they were little or big or even sometimes petty. 
lilly doesn't care about that florida counties have until tomorrow to report their unofficial vote totals, or the margins required for a recount. 
so @ instagram y'all just don't send notifications anymore? or? 
ore140, 3 mi e of @crater lake hwy or62, delay < 20min, a crash has occurred, use caution.... 
the people who tweet or post in fb these days crying about democracy, are the hidden rascals who never saw anything done by the previous gov. they only have up their voices now. #samemistakeagain #foolsneverlearn 
but if they acted like real journalists, approaching the situation with prudence and detachment they wouldn't get the hot-take-outrage clicks or the retweets and praise of their fans. 
$35 for a set of natural look mink lash extensions or $45 for a set of date look mink lash extensions 
c. palmer manufacturing, inc. makes the best electric irons in america! made in the usa, henkle's carry electric belgium cookie irons! they come in thin or thick irons for your preferred taste. a iron that'll last you well over 50 years for $76.99! 
the big 12’s tv deal is so dogshit i can’t watch the mizzou-iowa state in texas. the big 12 state. guess i’ll just turn on the pac 12 or sec or big ten networks. got all of those here in austin. lol what a joke ass conference. 
oooh yeah i always wear like my hoodie or a cap but like i just realized while watching videos of dreamcatcher performing how much hair flies around 
ikr i can't hanging out with my best friend in peace because there's always someone if we date or if we just fuck and it's so fucking frustrating 
i’ve heard this dude at the bar sing “i took a pill in ibiza” so many times i don’t ever need to actually know what song it is or who sings it. i’m good. 
hello! my name is natasha and i’m a filipina-american artist. i love drawing anything dreamy with markers and/or pencils. 
yeaaa rip he hasn't looked at the frame data changes. like we got d-smash coming out on frame 10 or something. shuriken range, free combos from grounded footstool --> d-air, rapid jab actually working, up-smash sweetspot on platforms and much more. 
my house better be lit like this when we old or i’m puttin her in a convalescence home … 
no. there is no reason for your shorty driving to cause more people to be in danger. learn to drive or get off the road. i would love there to be a driving test every 2 years and way stricter on take peoples license away. … 
$39 for a 50m massage or 50m facial ($120 value) & $89 for a 50m couples massage ($220) 
ffs just watched an ad, stating if you see anything suspicious, ie a dodgy looking handbag, or van waiting to blow up, phone 0800789123. now you'd think you would be expecting to use a number, a) more memorable and b) quicker to feckin dial in a bloody emergency! 
when getting massages, i don't know if it tickles or it hurts... 
almost the entire gop is a disgrace. i believe there are one or two mccain type republicans still left. and we all know romney isn't too fond of trump. 
i like how those saying they wanted the miami or houston deal don't talk about the terrible contracts on other players that would have come with the goodies in order to make those deals work. this is a great trade that gave us good pieces while not worsening our cap situation. 
trying to decide on whether i should pull out or just play russian roulette 
i do not condemn anyone, god only condemns - like i said i am not a feminist - and why do care what they think or feel, does it matter really 
you’re a troll or a bot, jenn. i knew there was something wrong with. you’re outta here, maga 
am i going thru it or is he kinda c*te … 
so why do u not just admit u r a racist rather than coming up with things to blame white ppl on? just admit what u really feel about white ppl or anyone else who has a different skin color than yours! 
“eh? what’s ‘re dad gonna do about it? he doesn’t like... hit you or anything, does he?” he’ll beat tsunagu’s dad up if he has to. 
i feel like that about over half of my aunts and uncles (and i have a lot of aunts and uncles). like, i don’t have anything in common with them except dna or a marriage connection 
trumputin couldn't care less about his familiy or any living thing . well, except 4 his lap-kitten daughter!. if he had any capacity 4 feeling the lowest human emotion he would not have been banging a porn-star whilst his wife was in labour it beats me how so many women like shit 
the chili? or the other stuff? 
will kentucky score more than 7points in the 1st half of any game in october or november? #bbn 
y’all remember that episode of everybody hates chris, where julius tells chris the number rule that wrong or right, you still have to be sorry when it comes to women, that’s just about me rn 
was there anything in that hair? or can just being hands? lol #hepkalbimizde 
belichick will snap him in a heart beat. ideally we put transition tag on him and match any of the offers we don’t him to take and we send him to cleveland or the bills ;). 
i hope everyone knows that if they’re ever in crisis or just having a real cruddy day they can always text me 
is amazing how some tells us how bad is our life in eu yes.. we welcomed ppl in need.. lots of them.. yet.. we are in safer place that usa. we don't have nor need armed guards and metal detectors at schools or chiurches 
something like this happened during the 2nd or 3rd flight of the falcon 1. the first stage separated but the there had been a miscalculation on how much "leftover thrust" the engine might have and the stage separated but then collided with the 2nd stage and caused damage/tumble. 
what does she believe been?? being an chudail?? can't she talk in a civilised way?? she has no right to speak like this or behave like this with anyone... she acts like some wild creature 
i only see like one or two empty boxes for u 
i still dont get it. that's not her lip though or am i dumb ??? 
to spoon or not my passions r truly passions 
do you buy with snipe? or bid ? 
when y’all say you pray for someone do you actually say a prayer for them? like an actual cry to god? or do y’all just say that to sound nice? 
@ emmanuelmacron i think of you and your comrades as a bunch of "cheese-eating surrender monkeys" !!! french are cowards. your either with us or against us !!! but from the recent events today with president trump, i see you mr. macron are ignorant !!! 
that's right kiddos! @ danasnyder master shake from aqua teen hunger force is on #thenighttimeshow at @ hollywoodimprov november 17th! get tickets now … or listen to @ fhfshow on @ 955klos and you could win tix this 
when u don’t know what a noun, name or place is so you capitalise everything 
"it’s more about getting them to pay attention to a system that is trying to suppress that anger, that’s either trying to keep them from doing it or punishing them when they do." @ rtraister on the purpose of good and mad: via @ 
if all these ‘woke’ people watched her documentary they’d might wake up and realize that demi is not the one, two or three to be disrespected because she literally gives her all to try and break the stigma around mental illness. it’s disgusting how y’all pay her advocacy dust. 
after each attack or foiled attack these numpties continue with “unfairly targeted communities” no one is attacking muslims in the streets - their homes- or mosques. it’s greens bullshit 101 
to this morning is appalling . #theunitedstatesofamerica and it’s federal government is acting like a suicidal kamikaze pilot bent on destroying the population it’s already destroyed by refusing to take any responsibility or allowing insurance or private citizens or company’s or – bei safeway pharmacy 
sahjgsgdagagdg she is white brit (at least that's what we know). she was even accused of appropriation when wearing dreads once, and she never said she was black or anything, so yeah. 
i hope one day to have enough self control that when i hear a canadian say “out” or “about” that i don’t automatically repeat it 
all, there has been a lot going on and many families need support. to help support families of victims from #borderline text tostrong to 41444 or click on the 
the market collapse has primarily been driven by certain hedge funds booking profits, and due to hft machines. these funds are going to get back into stocks soon. retail investors should stay put or else you will miss the bounce back. 
as in me being such a child or that we are getting a live action? 
people too often focus pretty much only on mechanical problems with movies rather than thematic ones. even if there was a plot hole or a continuity error, didn’t the movie say anything to you about your life and how you’re living it? 
i’m just going to do like the breastfeeders & @ hspoils and just throw out with no care to validity. so, a little birdie told me that sam & jason make love november 21rst. pass it along. who cares if it’s true or not. it just needs to be tweeted to be real. 
we get cheated on. or treated horribly. … 
nah son i’m pulling out all the stops. i’m gonna make a roll cake from scratch or some shit. 
i ain’t stupid dumb or blind 
this will be it for today. as you can see heechul is very reserved and a to himself type of guy. he’s not one to go around hugging, kissing, groping or humping others, as a matter of fact he’s not very good at it and it’s very evident in his actions 
someone want to help me start my homework or 
say it louder for the people in the back stop giving republicans good faith in anything they do or say … 
also i really need to stop going by myself to buy stuff off craigslist or facebook market place 
weird how everyone i've ever known who served under, worked for, or depended on the government had nothing but bad things to say about the experience. 
i don’t know what’s worst thiugh. all the ghosting or that i had a person call to let me know i wasn’t selected in the final round. so i had to continue to speak on the phone as they showered me with praise after rejection. 
calling yourself bipolar , antisocial or a psycho isn’t cute ... 
“a realm where all, regardless of color, sex or creed, are truly kindred souls, united by a common love of adventure, fantasy and just plain fun.” that's #stanlee describing #marvel in one of the anthologies i saved pennies to buy as a smitten 3rd grader. still 
the miss janet chat or the #janfamafterdark twitter days? i never participated in the miss janet chats. i've heard stories, though! it was legendary! 
and this helps the americans how? 
imagine being draymond last night and thinking you were a better option to win the game than kd, klay, or iggy. this man has a screw loose somewhere. 
...apparently there's money in healthcare! seriously though, does this somehow assist or supplement hit sector investment breadth and depth? 
left or right #stylecrush9ja #slayersonlyy … 
think of it this way, if she had any brains or common sense. she wouldn’t have married the wannabe president., 
suddenly remembered how when i went to go pick up spyro, the gamestop tv was playing two white folks who were extremely hype for detroit: beyond human to be in the vga running for goty or whatever 
speak the truth or don’t say nothin about it 
well …. that'd be welcomed. question is? is carr his akiman or is still looking for the guy at qb? 
the punishment for rejecting a good man or a good woman in #life is ending (marrying) an a hole as a man or a bih as a woman .... that’s what you get for rejecting that good man or good woman you once had 
another book from my latest haul, theres no such thing as too many books!! . . have you picked up any good or beautifully covered books lately? . . . #reigntheearth #acgaughen #bibliophile… … 
i need a good movie to watch or something. 
i’m not even kidding every day i wake up to my grandma talking shit about me, i’m so fed up of being around this negativity all the damn time i can’t ever be in peace because nothing i do is ever right or good enough in their eyes 
3/6 writing poetry or drama, or short stories, performing, conducting science experiments, calculating math problems, dancing, exploring realizing our passions and gifts can lead us to our life’s path. 
call me a psychopath or wtv but im enjoying this weather 
do you need a bitch or something 
then you know where to find me when you require me. one way or another. i’ll be glad to leave gotham behind. 
sitting here listening to this with a temperature of 103 f can someone kill me please or at least bring me some fruit 
i hope you get better but how did you ss the song on your phone lmao 
option a: carbon tax that has a steep escalation to several thousand dollars per ton on co2 or equivalent emission (economic fallout would be exciting! but there’s a legit shot at hitting emission targets) 1/2 
no lights anywhere. no signs of life. is brussels now a city of the dead? or even worse--the undead? 
im dead ass cool with alot of people soo if i aint cool with you or someone there’s a problem 
#nosurbhinoishqbaaaz #nosurbhinoishqbaaaz the innocent smile of our chandu darling is very infectious which we love to be infected... plz makers do not challenge our fandom or ib offair zaroor ho jayega 
if you don't love @ wendys twitter, then you don't love #marketing. or puppies. or happiness. or french fries. … 
they'll be the first to herald some small form of success in the arts yet will not fund or support the spaces which create this. we can't just expect the arts and dance community to thrive? why is it up to the promoters of this city to cultivate culture? 
it only matters when you have no beliefs, principles, or ideology. this argument is insane! do these people actually want anything policy wise? or do they just want aesthetics with a d next to it? 
watch the kid play. his shot looks completely normal..... unless he has time to think about it, like on wide open 3’s and free throws. if you still think this is a physical or basketball issue; you’re either delusional or you’re a box score/highlight checker. it’s 100% mental. 
i think any #twitch 3rd party mod bot or role bot should exchange "regulars" to the new vip but also have it so you can still use "regulars" aside vips just a basic enable/disable would be cool. for my channel, vips would be my "regulars" but i know others don't 
3rd in the sec east, flipped a program around and coached players he’s didn’t recruit or ever coached in his life, winning record from 4-8 last year 
well, to be fair, they never got big enough or relevant enough to consider it. 
i can’t be with another air or water dominant person. 
are your passwords easy to crack or difficult to decipher? test your knowledge. 
@ realdonaldtrump what would a domestic violence charge even look like in california- especially against a blackmailing porn stars lawyer & treasured cnn commentator. did his wife, for instance, throw something at him in the hot tub & hit a porn star client or cnn colleague? … 
he already received one early this year, what about hun batz or chronos those really need a new skin. 
i did think it was the oven i’ve got now but some of the disasters look to be proving or kneading which shouldn’t be happening. i’ve been baking bread for 35+ years including catering jobs - naans, pitas etc. 
it’s either you’re really done and have the guts to start again or you’re not really done in the first place. … 
tis the season be sure and get "thankful" by on your spotify playlist or download from your favorite online music outlet vibe out with me for the… … 
do you need to be a certain level to use a better pickaxe in runescape or can i just buy a good one 
holiday season is upon us. this time of year can be a time for some of us to gather and eat delicious cultural or traditional foods. unfortunately, sometimes the holidays also become a… … 
in the warmer seasons, take a breather on our rooftop courtyard, where you can relax by grilling up a great meal, sitting by the fire pit, or taking in views of the city. in the winter months, unwind indoors at our resident lounge with home theater. more: 
2/2 you’ll only take away from the work that needs to be done by interfering with first responders due to your security entourage. besides, no one gives a shit about you or your insincere thoughts and prayers. stay in dc. better yet, leave the country and don’t come back. 
am i the only weirdo in california that wonders if the ash falling from the sky because of the fires is from a 500 year old tree or someone’s dream home? 
well a real man makes the move? no? did i or did i. it grab your face and kiss you??? i rest my case your honour! 
woohoo!!!!! secret sister is back i did this last year and it was so much fun! i am so excited to be doing this i am currently looking for 6 or more ladies interested in a holiday gift exchange. doesn’t... … 
which would you prefer? he live or die? he’ll be arkancided if he comes here. 
#cnn acosta don't u luv--democrats-incl hillary--complaining that the georgia election has bee "fixed" by repub--w/o "any" scandal s of any" changing of ballot---mixing "provisional" ballots w/ legal ones or letting illegals vote etc as actually is happening in fl & (d) ok w/ it 
the question comes down to whether we take dorice as the driver (walsh) or sanka as the uber talented but eccentric break man (rankine). im too conservative for this game. 
“well comfy or not, you’re welcome to stay as long as you like.” 
too bad bet is taken or fox news could rename itself blonde entertainment television 
1/2 so i hear donnie douchebag @ realdonaldtrump is coming to ca to survey the fire damage. hey donnie, we don’t want your sorry ass out here. there’s nothing you can say or do that can make things better. we have suffered enough without you fucking everything up. 
another funko pop haul...major w or l???: via @ youtube 
mfs forget i go thru shit or some? just bc i was always the back bone and shoulder to cry on dont mean i never have my downs 
the question is, is it too late to take the morning pill or too early to take the night pill? you’re right, i should take both 
the 5 things that i love that aren't people (or books)...rainy days, cups of tea, finishing a poem, when someone laughs at a joke i told, waking up before my alarm clock goes off. and the 5 people i tag: @ mythiccjoon @ teamhodgins @ serenaiguess @ sarayrizos @ judeduartee 
jelly and eggs strawberry or raspberry jelly 
good comparison. obviously i hope that changes soon (the hasn't won part), but i'm still thrilled to be able to watch a guy projected to be top-10 or 20 player of all time (barring injury) on my team 
so ready to get my hair done 
or 
you either want democracy or you don’t. there’s no middle ground. if votes don’t matter then you may as well scrap it, slap in a semi-sane dictator, and go back to watching the tele. if you’re just going to cheat and do nothing then, then the whole thing is a waste of time&money. 
@ sportstalkjo3y is draymond green’s injury actually (testicles) or was that kd’s? 
ive signed up for the criterion channel already…… hopefully they go international or im just gonna c*ly i guess 
i rarely ever sit on buses or trains and that’s because i hate feeling close to someone or them being almost on top of me. i hate being on packed trains or buses, gives me anxiety. so i stand. and even standing..fuckers on an empty train can’t utilize personal space. 
man idgaf what happens to kd or draymond, i just want the warriors dynasty to be over. 
cis people should be more careful about using drag language around trans women. getting compliments that say i’m “slaying” or even just a “yasss queen” bother me when they’re coming from people i hardly know or talk to 
he shrugged his shoulders. "like i said, it's not set in stone or anything." … 
i'd like to know if: a) potus is now or ever a freemason? b) if potus was a freemason, did he renounce freemasonry? c) what if anything is his spiritual/religious affiliation now? 
secretary of education. stop this revisionist history of the left or fcc to do way the total taxpayer waste of money on npr. 
not to belittle the importance or difficulty of working in retail, fast food, or anything else involving customer service & the public, but there are just some things you will never understand or experience until you’ve worked in a nursing home. i promise!!! 
do you seek wealth, love or happiness in life? — i always seek self love … 
lol. my little sister + her bff had a fight after school today. it wasnt a major fight or anything but they were for real talking to each other in a way. i was like damn mercury is really going through it isn't he 
take an id, for trump. take an assault rifle, for the nra. take a passport or birth certificate for ice. i think that covers it. 
will read this book on december! or maybe january next year. before or on new year, what do you think? … 
brazil won the world cup 1958 1962 1970 pele did not play in the final because of injury in 1962. does that mean he won 3 world cups or 2 world cups ? 
the gamer’s paradox : do you get ready or do you play one more game ? 
your choice of clothing or underwear does not correlate to consent or willingness to have sex and anyone who has ever even insinuated this is a fucking pig this world is disgusting and i hate it #thisisnotconsent 
because to offend either one of the categories, you have to argue logically. to offend both at the same time just means you're doing everything right and i should probably ask you to be my mentor or something 
@ worthless_bums is it just me, or is making .45 ammo a particularly shitty deal. 
good, now let’s vote on the deal, the no deal or remain. you can’t lose if people are not bothered about the consequences of leaving. 
plus if the pub gets attacked or threatened, they could well try to prosecute her for incitement. lets see what the police and pub manager say, it seems it was 1 member of staff. can't pursue the whole pub unless thr manager doesn't act 
queer people are used to straight people, in some form or another, not wanting us to exist. that’s why there *is* an important distinction between “i don’t want my child to be gay” and “i don’t want black and gay children to be treated poorly because they are black and gay” 
someone get me a mom jeans. or graduating life shirt i'll pay ya plz 
it's either lr or python for me. even the semi is a better gun. ak is just awful over 5 yards 
okay, it’s £60 billion. but our exports are 13% of our economy, only 3-4% of eu countries. they have 26 other nearby countries to trade with. you still haven’t remotely responded to any of my points or said why no deal is acceptable 
@ evanmallen i appreciate the effort, but in no way, shape or form does ms. restrepo’s murder/story speak for the 7 black or brown men killed in those 11 days. … 
i think cops need to take an oath to be willing to die before they take an innocent life. you can't just go around shooting people because they reached for their pocket, ran away, or pulled a knife. cops should do all they can to de-escalate situations and resolve non-violently. 
the past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. it can only be accepted. 
yo @ liamrsharp how bout a seattle signing? or send me a signed copy? lol you kick ass! 
even with the holidays heating up, there’s plenty of ways to take a breather at game point. when you are here check out our new event boards or get the full schedule online anytime at… … 
i’d love to see an all-woman panel for a topic that’s not specifically about or “for” women. #culturefix 
nope! i don’t condone or defend his actions.. i simply asked a question. i said why not when hes popping? when she defended her friend when he was poppin too some years back? need to understand that! not defending anyone here.. simply asking questions … 
just starting or just finishing? 
every time someone or something messes me up i automatically start singing ye dunya ye mehfil mere kaam ke nahi 
it was called the british united front, or needed. 
what if a sock. could change you or your love one's life, reduce their fall risk and improve their golf game or any sports game? what if it could help relax their nerve? 
looking for a 100% meatless food? have a taste of our very own tofu scramble with longganisa! message us here, instagram and twitter or check out via our website for your orders today. call, sms or viber us at 0998-855-8991 #vegan #meatfree 
you an applesauce or sour cream man? 
or the saints 
lol i think the hearts gonna want what it wants regardless of what your mind is thinking but overthinking or forcing yourself to avoid certain things and situations is what really screws you. in my own biased opinion. 
*after katsura asks him about what he is doing* well, i suppose im doing something odd, like jogging or taking a walk or something like that 
i meant argument but it’s not exactly an argument more like an apology or smth 
ever since i kicked brandon out i’ve been happier. i don’t feel drained or depressed as much and baby it’s a miracle. i’m getting back to who i was 
anyone that sucks on a vape while in voice chat or on the phone 
remember not to plug space heaters into power strips or extension cords. always keep 3 foot of clearance around them also. … 
i'm saying very specifically that there's no historical precedent where calling ppl racist on the basis of perceived attitude and implicit bias is useful or at all effective for "fighting racism", it's the opposite since it leads to no material difference. 
i’ve tried just about everything. i’ve been on 4 dates this year, they all either creeped me out or just wanted sex. a handful of men stood me up before we even got to go out. 
hi, i can write the paper for you dm or email guarantees: a++ grade 0% plagiarism on-time delivery proper formatting & in-text citations 100% confidentiality & money-back guaranteed prices start from $8/page (300 words) … 
cuz it's a discusting or clean choice, right? 
mike zimmer on the team's repeated mistakes: "either they're not listening, not paying attention or you don't really care, so we'll have to find out which one of the three it is." 
tshwane or pretoria is well known for various attributes, yet many don't know that it's also becoming a popular destination for its contribution to the industrial property industry as well. … 
if neither the eu or the u.k. will trigger the backstop as is being claimed, then why not simply remove it?... 
or perhaps austin gibbs - sierra the serial killer 
here's her full account: … hopefully a lawyer or journo can use public records law to get the sheriff's office to release the video. … 
i think the jet lag lie is burnt, since he claimed that when he was in korea (i think). maybe he believes the flight itself gives him a jet lag. or whatever. ahole. 
i could spend 25k on a car that will lose value or a custom 68 sg that will become even more expensive. #investments 
well, that's certainly an interesting opinion. it is also absolutely false. you are either ignorant of the diversity of political thought in america (and the world as a whole), or you think all viewpoints to the left of sarah palin are the same. 
heh i guess one of them gets the beaten. the clown or the bat ? automatically the clown. 
i hate this wave of people that think being anti-social or anti-human is cool, fam you are not boujee or trendy in the slightest, you are infact a complete neek 
is kenma my favorite character or are the kinnie feels too strong 
problem with the youth of today they just too ignorant on important issues...they only care about how long their fake weaves or how long their drawn fake eyebrows are and how many side chicks they have.. no wonder some are still colonized... #wakeupblackchild 
second guy in drive tonight to ask me for my number, nothing like chicken can bring people together or this new face really paying off 
me: i'm so lonely naruto: come back to the leaf me: stop saying that or i'll kill you me: god me: why doesn't anyone wanna be my friend 
