ack, that's the worst! 
there's only one way to live forever not by our works but by god's grace trusting alone in jesus the saviour... 
he's also an asshole and i hope he gets railed every play the second half.... 
the kids go back to school tomorrow 
bc i don't know much about mayan mythology, i don't think the plot was v good. also, it was called '21 pirates lagoon' for some reason. the colors were great though 
remember this arcade being at the local liqour store on normandie and hollywood. it kept me hooked into … 
double the celebrations! 
pin head into the endzone for 6! 
etrusco coin. the next cryptocurrency. ico is now live: 
aja - a drag queen christmas the naughty tour: via @ youtube 
one of my new twitter activities is blocking all promoted tweets' twitter accounts. i hope this tweet doesn't somehow jinx this, but then again it's 2018 now and the world is a wild place. #loserstatus 
jackson rosen allen first 3 qbs off the board 
late to the party but happy new year to all you lovely people.. hopefully it won't be too long before we see the welshie back where she belongs. 
you have no credibility regarding the iranian patriot movement. stand down, sir. 
even the children that don’t have health insurance any more!? even minimum wage employees that can’t afford health insurance? 
my main goal for 2018 is to be friends with the cast of stranger things and if that doesn’t happen then idk what’ll happen but i’ll be real sad. @ stranger_things 
1. hang the dj 2. arkangel 3. uss callister 4. black museum 5. crocodile 6. metalhead 
happened in the first half lol. this is a college football expert ladies and gentlemen. overrated sec defense. 
@ jdiehl21 @ nick__donaldson as packers fans i hope you guys are excited for the offseason changes that have happened and the new direction of the team as i am 
"for a year" this implies that you haven't touched the game since january 1st, 2017. it wasn't even officially released yet then. 
going to miss the back of the husband's head when he goes back to work tomorrow #callofdutywidow 
first day back at work was wild, but then they bought hella champagne and wine for the teachers sooo 
zinke is still trying as hard as hell to get the "biggest jackhole of 2017" award. don't worry ryan, you are still in the running. 
keeping my life private, all 2018. you will only know what i let you & that will only be the bare minimum. 
the white christmas episode is wild wowzers. 
there's insanity in the chat room tonight. :p #tytlive 
prices of land for warehouses are skyrocketing across the us … 
logan paul's video in a forest known for suicide contributes to the exploitation of a… 
@ loterman23 it don’t let me complete the santa quest when i got all of penguins 
with all the hot air coming from there i don't think there will be another balloon death for 20 years. 
my name in mikey’s phone 
he faked injury at the start of the season and missed our crucial champions league qualifier. he’s probably doing the same again. that is not what i call giving 100% 
“drink?” scorn replies, a hint of cluelessness lacing her dual toned voice, the trinkets on her headdress swaying as she shook her head some. “i’ve never drank in the sense that you’re likely referring to.” she’d never really any interest in it, or seen what’s so great about it. 
#kriswu #wuyifan the fired egg(sorry, unfried and dropped egg) really catch my eyes full video 
finally home outta the wind outta the rain time for food 
@ larryfitzgerald go to the @ patriots please 
asiana 214 happened in the u.s. 
it so of course was. prob when he was still living at home in the burbs and wanted to draw his fave band on everything. notebooks, lockers... 
i don't understand the problem?? … 
nueva favorita: backstreet boys / the call @ deezerlatam 
i like that i'm grown but i'll always be a big ass kid... we got robots so where is the time traveling machine?!! 
when aaron played the vikings he played a single quarter, carolina was his first game back with a major injury. that’s a terrible way to judge if they would’ve made it with him the whole time 
3 days into the new year and i’m still not hot, tf man 
we assume others show love the same way we do — and if they don’t, we worry it’s not there. 
i know and it keeps getting bizarre by the minute 
every 19 minutes, a baby is born with an opiate addiction in the u.s. having to withdrawal as a newborn because your parents are hopelessly addicted to drugs is unspeakable. and it just gets worse every day. this is a national health emergency. 
reality check: trump raised your taxes, trashed billion dollar travel industries with the travel ban, allows industry to destroy the land & pollute your water, left puerto rico without food or water & is now going after your medicare & social security. plus... he's a traitor. … 
sharp as a marble that chelsea, maybe it has something to do with the name, the other bright light would be handler..... 
she got halfway across the playground with getting scooped tf up im shook like wuttice 
at the town hall @ lbofhavering today for briefing about the future of romford. havering will see billions of £ pounds investment with our conservative administration’s ambitious plans for town centre regeneration, quality housing developments and environmental improvements! 
#specialreport good for trump! how dare that minuscule kimmy threaten the u.s! our button works you little fatty! 
getting over someone you loved you really be counting the days you don't break down over them like a recovering alcoholic counts days of sobriety. 
it's that the new 7r? 
breaking: president trump dissolved his controversial voter integrity commission wednesday, giving up on one of key initiatives from after the 2016 election. 
i hate that i sang 'we are the world' i really do … 
the strongest case for ripple: should you buy it while its hot? … 
kids will be happy the year started off right for them lol. schools closed tomorrow due to the… 
he was casted into sm entertainment when he was attending acting classes at the age of 16. 
§ the amount of energy needed to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than that needed to produce it 
minus the bulllshit life’s great 
orion over the wing. 
he's not the coach is just dumb and needs his "vet" brandon manning out there to show the kid how it's done 
working on a national tax plan specifically surrounding commerce and enterprise. tax will be low, tax will be fair and tax will not extort the public. lithuania's economy is in safe hands with this government. we're ready to get to work! 
delingpole: the frozen u.s. is paying a terrible price for green lies - breitbart … 
so the ass licking meeting went well then? good for you. 
you'd probably sell coutinho to the russians. 
danny wilson listed amongst the "young, hungry, scottish..." 
this is the worst thing i’ve seen all year … 
number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and no unfollowers. stats via 
now you guys need to chill. honestly if clair the peacemaker here is lost we are all doomed. i didn’t see anywhere stuart said such a thing. if my broodmares acted like this i’d take them out behind the barn and hit them smartly around the neck and shoulders with a crop. 
players are being notified of trade now, per @ ken_rosenthal. who those players are remains the question 
why visit the biblioteca marciana? the biblioteca marciana (marciana national library) is one of the museums that we can´t miss in venice. 
it’s time now? how about maybe right after the disasters? jc your party is self serving and just sucks. 
one of the hardest hitting wrestling matches i have seen in a long time and man was it worth it… 
how’s the suiter case coming along? 
if you feel called to, please share this post. i don’t want anyone to miss out on the sale before it ends … 
i heard #presidentbannon is the only reason you got elected 
oh, shit. that’s definitely not what he meant. jackson’s eyes widened, realizing his word choice before starting a full on babbling backtrack. “not that i was calling you /easy/. i just mean— ok, so if someone attractive came up to me and kissed me, i’d react the same way you— 
today is 2018-01-05 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
why do you always have that woman with the stupid permanent smile behind rylan???!!! so annoying.... @ bbuk 
went on to star in one of the biggest tv shows of all time. 
i've decided not to carry it in my bookstore. i find it not critically valuable, the reality show version of political commentary. here are some other books about trump written in the last year by ethical and talented journalists and biographers. 
in honour of #nationalbirdday here are the haunting words of a majestic #redtailedhawk after being rejected as #vancouver's official bird. #vanpoli 
but really though it's the karambit | lore 
#np the cherry dolls @ thecherrydolls @ judith_fisher - begging you please on @ ultimate365r 
how is lisa lisa so hot what the fuck seriously 
tilde and i are all cheering on this one but i wanted to try messing with the face a bit more. 
don't underestimate the power of patience. value investing is an arbitrage against time. … $ volv #cevian #valueinvesting #timearbitrage read: … @ sethklarman $ mbi $ 
“...people who succeed focus on what it will feel like at the end.” -anthony robbins 
namjoon getting ready to enter the game 
the rock 
good kids..breaking the law. how does that add up? 
one of the day: tame impala - nothing that has happened so far has been anything we could control 
a class can be given for on how great chicken boo at making the same joke every time. also as i mentioned elsewhere would love for freakazoid to live on as a segment. 
@ multiminter waited till the last minute lmao happy birthday b x 
@ leamichele me buying your new merch with the christmas money i received like!!! so excited 
i liked a @ youtube video people try 5-hour energy for the first time 
v girls lead fhc 9-7 at the half 
today is 2018-01-06 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
this tweet is 10000000% serious my mother just met selena gomez at the branford truck stop!!!!!!!!????!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?? 
y'all think the mooooossst but got me thinking now … 
following on from our #localsport theme, today we were at the #mancity fa cup game against… 
japan is the key counter-example. i've heard of modern monetary theory which is on these lines, but i'm not well-versed in economics enough to judge the pro's and con's, so i just said "it's controversial." which, i suppose, describes almost every theory in economics. 
i wanna go play in the snow 
" of course is it, it's stinky, it would make me puke if i had the power to actually." he's badly damaged, he can't really move that much. 
what the actual fuck ie pop team epic im screaming 
#blackadderbot percy, far from being a fit consort for a prince of the realm, you would bore the leggings off a village idiot 
hot off the press, here are your #riverhawk starters for tonight's contest against #hockeyeast rivals, umass #unitedinblue 
you mean when he had to make his own path because the fans didnt let him through? 
i can’t wait to get a free copy and i’ll do the same! 
here's hoping you get the normality you want. 
// well thats weird... when my got broken i replaced it and i didnt have to poid the man who set the new one. but i guess there is different where are you. … 
i wonder where all the young disturbing niggas ran off to so quick? 
it is even better than the #gorrillachannel ! 
anyone who has the spiritual durability to watch black mirror s4 after surviving all 365 days of 2017 is too powerful and should be feared 
always been the type to do my own thing. 
if y’all wanna fix your twitter’s, go to ‘revoke access’ in settings and revoke the access to the site. and it’ll stop. … 
>> a bald fish-lipped man @ michaelwolffnyc, seeks relevance/fame in his waning years for cred/money, knowing that he's built his life off the communist democrats summary of others accomplishments.. the #artofthesteal. a mediocre's guide to momentary/monetary success. #maga-bitch! 
on the eleventh day of playing in the life experience of fathers. however, not wanting to imitate him. 
release the kr4k3n!!! 
the audacity… 
the awkward moment when you still dont understand #bitcoin after watching several “ #cryptocurrencies for 5 year-olds” videos.. 
bad parenting from the get go 
the army ruins so much stuff for you 
now, autonomous cars currently cost around 250,000$ ! yikes, that might cost you your house! in the future, these cars might be a norm, so becoming a lot less costly. hopefully, they will be cheaper in #theupcomingfuture ! 
lmao what the hell??? … 
from @ bellanaija - in line with the recent killings trailing clashes between #fulaniherdsmen and… 
"will someone just think of the poor white man?!" the last line of defense for the trumpist. 
yes i am a fandom mommy. the prolapse is from the mpreg 
“the more you know, the less you need to say.” @ officialjimrohn #leadership #success 
because many asian women, especially in the country-side, are still very much conservative. 
history, sadly, does repeat itself. the entire drug war was founded on racism & not 4 the betterment of people's health & wellness. it doesn't surprise me at all to read your tweet. :( 
talking about a broken heart run into the restroom 
elena was always awful in the vampire diaries. imagine fucking two brothers and stringing them along for years man 
this investigation has apparently been an ongoing event since before the election; potus (and much of the citizenry in our republic) simply want it to be conluded and justice served; very poor choice of words (again). how long ago was hrc secstate? 
a lovely day out on a @ ferriesinfo #sydneyharbourferry the crew are tops, taking photos & giving tourists advice on the best angle for photos. great harbour, great crew! @ maritimeunionau 
our best selling product of the last day: stronghold hd (pc) 
it’s so nice when toxic people stop talking to you on their own, it’s like the trash took itself out 
the flaming hot tea is that i’m never gonna hate anyone more than i hate my mom 
we gave me the tokyo travel guide... 
if you're going to come at me with "your truth" be prepared for me to come at you with actual facts. i don't give a shit about your truth; i care about the truth. #factsdontcareaboutyourfeelings #phdinsnowflakemelting #sjwssuck 
the actor that plays in gun violence movies, but does not want us to have guns. … 
i want the @ browns to bring the old uniforms back in 2020, get rid of these hideous things they wear now!! #browns 
just spent over an hour in @ heb market street in the woodlands, and realized i forgot my wallet, it’s ok, i have my checkbook, no big deal right?!? wrong!! was treated as a common criminal, because i didn’t have my id, trying to pay for my groceries with a check!! #dobetter #smh 
it was this man fault too but i had to get a lawyer cause they asses was def giving me the run around for no reason 
i really need some of your positivity right now. your message at the end of your reactions it's my favourite 
im deaddddd! me too tho, so it must be the other sister 
took me 10 mins to leave work because of all the ice on my car. my boss complained people were driving too slow at lunch 
walk through off the dribble … 
hey emily! don’t know if you remember me but i was the other #murderino on the bus going to the studio! was wondering if you were gonna get to tape that week... too bad you didn’t, but i’m looking forward to seeing your show(s)! 
keralis i haven't missed an episode of your ylands adventure yet. every episode is so much fun. ty and keep up the amazing work! 
i get that all the time negatively like a food might taste like how rotten milk smells 
if he’s black than he’s dumb, but who owns the company? allowed that to get processed? if it’s your company you’re responsible for what it produces. i get what you’re saying but you’re viewing the situation from a naive perspective that white people over time haven’t subliminally 
chuckie and the raiders re-united. should be entertaining... jon gruden introduced as raiders head coach, "i want to win" | nfl via @ youtube 
if anyone ever has a problem with something i’ve said or done, please tell me so i can apologise and sort myself out. i’m extremely clueless so sometimes i don’t realise if i’ve said or done something wrong, & i really do mean well so the last thing i want is to hurt someone 
me: h- ashlee: bitch i always look good excuse me. *tweets screenshot of song @artist* this song is so good the only perk about living in nz is i get songs early 
blockchain to the rescue creating a 'new future' for digital identities 
yes he has.started today.he also told lindsey if they want path to citizenship,he will take the heat and also said does not need a full border wall.that rivers and mountains and other areas not needed.also said he would divide all this into two groups,now.part now part latter 
want to know what how i'll be reinvesting in fastcap due to the new tax plan? #speakup #2018taxplan 
my little maltese turns his head and kisses me on the calf/shin every time he comes in from outside.. warms my .. 
i just watched the svu went the captain left. i’m in shambles 
i couldn't find the article, when i do i'll reply her. 
thank you . god bless you and your family. the support of many people like you is very inspiring and gives me hope. 
aileen acts like a saint, like she’s not the type of person to fuck your best friend, brother and dad after you fuck her over lol oops 
when i tell you this was an exact replication of me in the tree at the krumme lanke lake in berlin. including the shaking. all of it. i was stuck in that tree for 30 minutes until i finally plucked the courage to jump into the lake. not even jump. i just allowed myself to fall … 
blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the whole heart. psalms 119:2 k… 
i like the length of hair you have now :3 
it was really quick!! it came in great condition too! thank you again for hosting the go 
i chose onion in the poll, but i doubt i could give up either. for reals, you'd have to take a finger off me or something instead. we buy a minimum of 5 of those 3 lbs bags of garlic per month, and use at least 2 red onions per day, more if we eat more than once in a day. 
i miss the hell out of those little dino feet waddling around the house. #besttargetpurchaseoflife 
and at least another 100 trillion by closing the ethnicity gap. 
bored? pledge to my group show and join the fun! the more the merrier! #flirt4free 
which is the first word that comes up your mind when we talk about carlox? #askcarlox 
thanks to @ fullxcollapse for the fleet foxes and my chem christmas gifts and thank you to myself… 
home sweet home for the #64hoursinnyc 
try tackling it like a puzzle. outline the edges of your story and then pants away as you go from edge to edge. that's what i did with writing and it really helped flush things out that i didn't even intend, but my foundation is still there 
look at the sec.. … 
depends on the way you're talking about it. 
"hello, kai. i'm the major. nice to meet you." 
online workshop: research proposal writing in the context of administrative and/or secondary use of data … 
i just remembered being at 333 last year and this random girl was about to get in a cab and she goes "wanna come home with me and snuggle?" and the words i used were "nah, i'm gonna go play video games at that guy's house and get dumb lit on gas". lolllllll...caught the ghost. 
i am so excited for both the buyer and the home owner!!! i am looking forward to changing many… 
y’all let the dumbest shit motivate y’all 
roselyn thinks debbie has the best lost island eggplant bushels around! 
laughing for 20 minutes at a ditigal bagel is going me the strength to get through this ap chem studying @ konokat4 
so if there's supposedly "no collision" why won't you testify under oath? we know you've got a streak of yellow down your back, we just thought it was because you were to cowardly to serve in the armed forces. guess that goes for committing perjury. 
#nowplaying a certain girl - the yardbirds by eric clapton 
so sad to see the poaching and abuse of our beautiful #somaliland cheetahs. if they survive they are then used as ‘pets’ by middle eastern playboys. we somalilanders have a legal and moral duty to look after the incredible gift that is our wildlife. … 
deceived by a trusted colleague, loredana cyber, heir to the world’ #hacker 
should you bet on the jaguars this weekend? our jon von tobel @ mejvt tackles the burning question as he breaks down their afc divisional round matchup against pittsburgh. … 
thanks for all the wonderful reviews of don't tell a soul. i really appreciate seeing them all. xxxx us: uk: @ bookouture , @ hellyj100 @ thrillerwriters @ kimthebookworm @ 
i liked a @ youtube video "i'm the juggernaut, bitch!!!" 
this is the year of la femme en bleu! #bluewave #socialjustice #immigration 
vivo's new phone hides the fingerprint scanner beneath the screen 
at first i thought you said she broke wind on minimum wage....but i still can't believe she didn't keep her word! that's never happened before. this has nothing to do with the election and i'm going to join a union and vote liberal. 
u right. u got me. i take that part back. still, i’m not an asshole or the devil so those just don’t pertain to this cap. … 
another corner for the lady jags. jags earn a free kick off a foul. 
he's already doing the opioids , that began long ago 
" #trumpism: the weaponization of anti-immigrant+anti-black sentiment to further donald trump’s political ambitions." … 
the big zelda giveaway is back at 
acorn and seiu trained the organizers. 
did i really just lose the document i’ve been working on all day 
watching the fresh prints of belle lair xd 
yeah na at this point i just sit back & peep but i get why they say it tho cuz they thinking of old decrepit bill & not the young bill that had all that power 
and that makes me sick to my stomach, literally. i don’t want to live in a country that is occupied by such sick minds. hopefully the majority are of the oldest generation. 
get the fuck in the principles office yo knwo i cant spell and i dont wanna resort to turning on fucking autospell 
the hell... he is one ugly soul. 
looooooooooooot of funneling at the pro level. i really dont understand how you let that happen. 
is the update that bad ? 
the biggest shitholes of all are the muslim countries that force women to wear hijabs. 
weird power outage in the us are a sham 
so at this point, i guess fire emblem will be one of the big nintendo fall 2018 games? i'm ok with this. 
correction: @ bt_vancouver caught up with @ bluejays pitcher aaron sanchez and outfielder dalton pompey ahead of the eighth annual blue jays winter tour! (previous tweet named justin 
have you looked outside lately? we are just getting started with the heavy snow! moderate to heavy snow expected into the early morning. the latest on the storm here … 
while “taking a knee” may be a fairly new phenomenon, the precepts and philosophies of a positive mi … @ nfl #boycottthenfl 
obama rips fox news viewers: ‘you are living on a different planet’ #foxnews so glad this is not out president anymore. wish we had the power to send him into exile somewhere where we don't have to see or listen to his preaching. 
county executive @ renscoexecutive steve mclaughlin giving executive approval to resolutions approved at the january 9 county legislature meeting early friday evening in the executive's office. 
okay so davido won artiste of the year!!!.. but soundcity you're not okay ..male category you said diamond... is it making sense to you? 
today is 2018-01-12 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
as her gay best friend. i agree how cute guys can be. then the ugly celebrities get famous on youtube. 
the metro tile floors were soaked and very hard to walk on this morning. i almost fell multiple times in my running sneakers. 
the gw 23 preview is here, @ talkintogga & @ fantasygaffer talk willian, sharko, lukaku's best traits and sanchez' best landing … 
just did the same, in and out like a fast food restaurant. 
i.t. - blokes: stories of the day; bloomberg technology …, see more 
and another one joins the lib dems! … 
if someone can find me the real instrumental of family feud or remake it to 90% accuracy i’ll get on my malcolm x, black panther mixed with some dalai lama steez 
if you are going to forge a statement, please spell the person's name right. 
who will snag the very last spot for #combine13 
i do agree gary but the longer you stay in the tournament/season/cup competition the greater dependence on natural talent. 
g2 with the slow start, but that t side grind was disgusting. that 3v5 with the bomb going down on 0:15 was quite a sight. 
@ shwood congrats on the 500k youtube followers on modern rogue! you guys kick ass. 
! daichi barely has experience so he hasn’t played the other heroes. but he likes the appeal of dps. … 
the pics for le bal masqué ~ polly perry's new year's eve masquerade are up. you truly looked amazing! thank you again for coming out in style and celebrating the new year with me. here's the link. be sure to like and follow the page. … 
i like the move. good ol coach, 
happy founders day to all the sawrahs.. rqq! 
so i confronted the owner(s) whose poor dog has been left outside for hours at a time barking in below freezing temp, and she flat out lied. i have 2 months worth of data, lady - nice try. time to escalate. 
"error chuchu etc. are inevitable after the windows 10 upgrade or windows 10 anniversary update." i did not fuqin chose this shit 
may the happiness of the world and its joy and radiance be with you. idk you that well but from what ive read on your account,... — aameen thumma aameen..! wa iyyaki/ka. firstly...جزاكُم اللّٰه خيرًا for this amazing message whic... … 
the other night i was fortunate enough to be with some amazing people @ cbsmiami. i was asked what investors should do. i said “seek out an advisor”. the key however is to seek out one who understands the creative economy is critical to portfolio returns. 
it’s like i’m on steroids when i’m in the car spitting bars 
given that you are never right about anything now, i seriously question your ability to predict 100 years into the future. … 
yugely needs an investigation!! wanna bet @ gop immediately hollers about what such an investigation will cost? they only worry about costs of investigations when they're the targets of it. … 
chanyeol is an incredibly talented musician! he can play the drums, guitar, bass, and djembe. 
retrieving the 3rd huge tendency to try to learn about 3d modeling. 
absolutely. pretty soon they will start tailoring the twitter feeds you see based on where you are sitting when they scan your face. bathroom, stores, etc. #blackmirror 
me watching step sisters trailer: this looks very pitch perfectish trailer: "...and the choreographers of pitch perfect..." 
it's not disrespect,i'm a fan tryin to understand the situation i don't doubt shit bout @ mgmt_wavgang i just didnt want two of my favourite beats to be stolen too 
explanation: colored vertical lines represents endosymbiosis events, nodes with letters are calibrated to geological time. white spaces cover nodes that aren't. also names that are in bold are monophyletic while the ones that are not bold and tilted are paraphyletic. 
lazy sunday (which means all the groceries are bought and put away, laundry is folded, floors… 
the same giant hater always taints my tl 
my mexican-american experience can be described as a flour tortilla. yet, frontiers flour tortilla are by far best i've ever had. enjoying the history and flavors of the southwest … 
@ repalgreen #erasing obama. isn’t our flotus beautiful!!! how about not being a desplicable black racest and read your history about black kings raiding and selling entire villages . that’s how slavery started and blame the bors & africans. 
i’ve spent more time playing video games this past month on the xbox than i have in 3 months on my pc. guess i’m hooked 
i was counting this mans change out loud (we were told to do that to make sure the customer knew we had the correct amount) and he goes “oh she can count” loud as fuck infront of everyone i was so mad lol i quit af … 
no they should not jen we are all lab no matter how we voted in the eu referendum 
um i think the male should have a whole different design, it looks good on female but on male ehhh.... 
i know god is going to get me through this period of my life, it’s rough but he always seems to get me through the hard things 
@ jjgrennie87 you have the jags part correct, now just take down the ped u flag and you will be ok. go jags, and f penn state and their delusional jopa loving fans 
i don’t think a safety was even close. beleive it was haden back there with him. burns has to locate the ball better but to blame the game on him is nuts. 
canon 6d mark ii may be the next investment 
will be repeating and reciting this dozens of times over the next 2 weeks #ao18 #ausopen 1st grand slam event of 2018 … 
i agree. i'm also of the humble opinion that toasted sandwiches should be sandwiches that are toasted, not sandwiches made with toast. … 
this is a must watch! kevin ship worked as a highly place intelligence officer! he explains what’s going on in the coming storm very clearly! … 
can't believe how many of my friends did other things but watch football this afternoon. are they aware there are 3.25 football games left until the fall?!?! 
lv vs ny. the debate. 
leading steward albert francis died on 15th june 1941, while serving aboard the h.m.s emerald during ww2. he was buried at sea, but is also remembered on the grave of his parents in st. mary's churchyard at worsbrough. #ww2 #portsmouthnavalmemorial … 
it's like saying tj is going to have a size advantage over dj.. he does and he knows it hence him pushing down instead of up like every other fighter. gsp won't fight conor for the same reason 
that throw is something an above average qb simply doesn’t even attempt. you have to know the situation... 
what, i have to declare the damn *mustard*? who made *that* up? 
mimosa? i was still trying to finish the beer from saturday day almost live. 
how can one single persons embrace fix all the broken pieces together yet one single message break them all again, into smaller pieces than before 
when i retweet the joke about septum piercings being "sexy metal boogers for goths" but have had feelings a few girls with said metal boogers... nice one. 10/10 genius contradictions 
the journey continues. drop in and watch an old man discover tamriel for the first time. skyrim episode 5 starts now !! @ twitchonline @ twitchtvonline @ twitchsharing @ twitchtvhost @ streamsupport_ @ supstreamers 
what company?! 
the fact i am still wearing christmas pyjamas in january is not because i love christmas it’s because they a reallyfricking comfy and they should be enjoyed all year round 
the “everything,” fitton is referring to may hold the key to a plethora of scandals surrounding clinton, everything from the fbi’s handling of her email investigation to alleged pay-to-play scheme between the clinton foundation and state department agencies. 
and to this day my parents amuse themselves still by putting their hands on the sides of their faces and humming the dunwich horror theme music at me. 
if i’m the only lady i just sit. the men can follow. no need to stand for 15 mins chat chat cause i’m being polite and dude dpesnt even know he must offer us seats. nope. 
really!!!??? truth be told the only controversy around trump, is the media lies! the fake russian collusion, which appears to be bought by, or, on behalf of the clinton gang. please step out of this circle of lies and spin. past proves future! 
that time i had to force leona and rachel to a gig with me bc i knew no one at the gig 
at the time a person rises to that stage at which they can separate themselves from their body and experience themselves as pure #self which is beyond the body, they can die peacefully and joyfully, and will inherit the kingdom of joy and happiness for many lives to come. #sauh. 
shaheen afridi, the talk of the town... did he celebrate like the original afridi \o/ #u19cwc 
serious tweet: i am hiking to the top of mt. whitney this coming season. would prefer to hike up with others. if anyone is interested or knows of a group, let me know! 
coach lou montanaro passed away today having coached the caseys from 1976-1999. he was inducted to the rbc hall of fame in 2017 and has the most career wins in rbc football history 
ok so i just ordered this script and i’m freaking out and i rewatched almost all of season 1 and now i’m blasting the stranger things album and i’m about to blast the stranger things 2 album so yep that’s my life 
“everybody shut up.” *picks up phone* “hey mum” friend 1: “hiiiiiiiiii” friend 2: “come back to bed” friend 3: *various sex noises* friend 4: “tell her i said hi” friend 5: “pass the weed” friend 6: *blasting out curse words* friend 7: “put your pants back on” 
can you please ask the person to do my notes for me … 
that be the one right there fam … 
i’m just trying to get a half day on the 28th so i can catch the nhl all star games 
no, it's just the simple fact of it not being over until grim gives up, has he given up? no, so therefore gts isn't over and gone, jay and joe leaving doesn't take away from the fact that gts is still will come back from this 
all hat creek locations are now closed due to the weather for the safety of our customers and employees! we’ll be serving up hot breakfast and coffee starting at 7 am tomorrow morning 
it retired happily in a cottage by the sea. 
i wish the ufc would do an event in the middle east maybe in abu dhabi or dubai so i can go. 
the nose knows 
20151015 - cfur festival playlist intro by cfur intro from the album festival playlist 
cheers for the read and comments! i know, me too mate. hearing my dad recount those dark days helped me appreciate just how bad it must've been. here's hoping they can! 
there's no way that all girls are angry for about 10 hours of the day 
i got the chika ur hahahs ;o; 
"hop goes the weasel!~" 
omw to see the killers 
popular from #ces2018, the @ autelrobotics evo #drone: will it kill the mavic? @ 
what the hells up with my shower. i gotta pick between hell or antarctica 
bass singer richard sterban, more widely known as the bass man of the oak ridge boys. i loved elvis, gospel music, and country music. so of course love the oaks, being fans of theirs also let to me becoming fans of many other entertainers. @ rasterban 
words can only diminish the feat! … 
defending the indefensible once more @ turnbullmalcolm . this has not gone down well with ordinary australians suffering wage freezes and rising costs. another nail in your electoral coffin. 
#blackadderbot you're the worst cook in the entire world. there are amoeba on saturn who can boil a better egg than you 
here bonding with my sister but she still pissing me the fuck off lmao 
i dont know what the hairdresser put in my hair but its sticky and malleable but kinda nice i want to play with it 
i'm sure you have contributed to last years 4-8 season, and the 11 straight years where you haven't beaten alabama. 
trying to organise accomodation for a weekend to glasgow when there's 2 couples in the group and 4 singles is more difficult than i ever imagined 
oh my, .....you are still a practicing pastor, aren’t you? is you congregation...you know , the sheep that follow the shepherd people watching...listening...learning. is this how you taught your daughter to be so sarcastic and rude to people... 
my dad wants to join your basketball game tomorrow. you name the time and place, he'll bring the snacks. @ jenna_marbles 
the 17 most ridiculous defenses of trump's racist remarks … 
she says the n word of course she's burned coal 
this will be the official mar-a-wanko state media in a year or two. buckle up. … 
keeping my this energy for the rest of 2018 
which one is the better one... sky zone or free fall?? 
in the middle of the night benim ventolin bitti diyorum 
mewtwo can't stand near the ledge cus then i get laddered off the side kek 
yes, i have a friend who works for apple and that was in their plans few years ago. companies like that always think on the long term. 
many blame the drop in ticket sales due to the poor summer but filmwise was not much different than previous years the reason for the drop off was the big drop off in 3d sales; how do 2017 3d sales compare with previous years? 
it is the craziest situation right now in europe. #catalonia 
the problem with most people is there always trying to get into other peoples business 
one like regulators and she likes the outlaws #denofthieves in theaters january 19 
where cbc concentrates on “bullshit” as profane, the profanity is believing $1 million will create 60 jobs. now that is bullshit. … 
the x-files and the handmaid's tale: how we talk when we talk about rape … via @ themarysue 
today is 2018-01-17 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
momentum in the house.. the constant high pitched screeching gives them away. 
niggas just be talking too much period in these animes. like a 30 min anime episode will have 20 mins of dialogue mostly then get some action the last 10 mins. 
what’s up with the @ foodnetwork always being on at the gym... kinda sadistic but i’m totally into it. #carbs and #cardio babyyy 
gotta love the thani bombs 
18/365 2018 - thanks michaeltoddbeauty the sonicsmooth is awesome! #sonicsmooth 
i liked a @ youtube video from babylon to america: the prophecy movie | sfp 
when you love someone, even though they hurt you and break your heart, you still love them with all the little pieces. 
bitch the lights just flickered it was nice knowing you all my ass is about to get ended by a demon andinwbfe 
i don't think that's how it works...not in the long run. we the people insist! … 
gone head and go to the eagles bro.. … 
please tell me you didn’t put this on and go out in the freezing cold just for a pic 
what’s your considered opinion of that phrasing of the subjunctive? 
always follow the money. i hope this is mueller's strategy too. 
finally the day i been waiting is tomorrow … 
it was a bumpy ride going through the fields making sure the fence was up to par to turn out… 
my favorite thing i bought this weekend was a little stronger you could have beamed to the iss. 
yeah, and the shirts too. thanks. 
are we going to ignore that he just flat out lied by saying mexico is “rated the number one most dangerous country in the world”????syria, iraq , afghanistan, south sudan, yemen, somalia (all more dangerous than mexico) did he forget these countries exist still?? … 
if someone has eye smile naturaly and he/she is smiling, look if there is wrinkles or not. that's the point of the sincere :) 
everything he’s saying about trump, he’s proven more and more trump doesn’t have what it takes to be president. that he’s easily swayed by the way you treat him. he’s worse than a woman when it’s her time of the month. … 
next person who tells me it's the dems fault... #ffs … 
good thing for princeton, oh that nobody on na’s team, including romeo, were in a hurry to get down the floor to score with almost 9 secs left. 
not all oil spills are the same. and experts haven't seen one like the disaster in the east china sea before, writes @ … 
when someone says the chum bucket isn’t that bad 
2 inches too tall and about twice the weight. i can do the loudmouth and leftist thing, but i'm probably not gonna be able to pull off the lady part 
ryo's glaring eyes will hopefully act as a solid reminder that i need to really get my sheeet together this semester. i also will keep the icon for a second until i actually finish watching the series. 
“wait, how old is this girl?” - @ bandet64 about the queen 
very flat in my neck of the woods! you really wouldn't want to come. 
the gop is delusional in a literal sense if they see the dems as causing the chaos. 
lorena, there is nothing more dangerous than an old bigot with power. hopefully these old fart's will depart this planet soon. the younger generation needs to change the future. resist, volunteer, vote. … 
the usual suspects 
§ proactively feed information up the chain of command so that no one could accuse you of withholding or limiting it - paul falcone 
weird power outage in the mail 
i have to wait until tomorrow when i get the goddamn album. it shipped to my dad's house >:v 
i’m ready to engage with my 9 new followers in the past week. i know them via 
kenney campaigned for his new job on federal gov's dime, all of us got to pay for him while he moonlighted in ab - kind goes with the ideology. 
just remember the happy times jan xx 
this is purportedly what the infamous memo is about. nunes is the boy who cried wolf. #releasethememo … 
indie no prob, but if the player count drops back to 10 they should close up shop. 
eagles with win. third in the tvl!!!! 
is that not the best thing ever. i love her. #cadettebonespurs #trumpshutdown 
my take on trump's first year as an african-american mom and veteran … via the @ foxnews android app 
we secured a much needed w! beating a very well coached mt. airy team 54-39! we are still a work in progress but we aren’t scared of the challenge! way to respond ladies! 
today is 2018-01-20 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
the food because 
just when i was celebrating living through the tax cut and the whole net neutrality nightmare smh. 
what's your thoughts on this? i'm with the cafe 
here is the list of few coolest new gadgets of 2018 #iot 
thank you all the people who subscribed to me on youtube. 
#releasethememo chuck schumer should have his assets frozen we should get a credit on our taxes for no work on stupid democrats that shut down of the government over daca really. i hope this fisa gets released and show the real collusion and end muller investigation. … 
the trump shutdown , republican shutdown 
#reclaim our power!!! unconstitutional acts (crimes against (we the people) have no legal standing to be concealed from us, it is not classified! it is our document, they work for us!!! 
track #heroes (featuring russell allen & clive riche) from the 2016 album by #magni animi viri playing now on radio thunder uk 
"setsuna... why are you in the pit?" 
coogs did the thing did you see or hear?!?!? … 
sou muito nada a ver... dps de the weeknd vem aurora... kkkk 
the code isn’t working 
mandem are fucked in the head … 
he's never been caught using steroids. "spy gate" was recon that was always allowed previously. the deflate thing? they all used the same balls. no one bitched about .3-.5lbs until they lost and the colts weren't winning that game regardless. just keeping it real. 
this weeks episode of my mental illness is ruining my life show me being too scared to ask people for help with stuff i don’t understand in the math lab 
i be having the weirdest sex dreams during my naps. 
lol the only thing i've been thinking all throughout the whole ordeal is يا بعد قلبي 
//wow, am i the only one hearing crickets chirping? 
gonna rise into the light in or out of time 
it's not a banger until motherfuckin jarmo lets loose on the turntables 
every time the patriots (brady) does this i worry that it is for the last time. then it happens again. 
@l_schuss18 so who we going for in the one? 
why does this even matter?? he wasn’t even activated for today’s game and has had no impact on the patriots. … 
it just kills it! lmao that’s the worse 
here is the next generation of marketing opportunities and challenges 
i'm so sorry for your loss @nannercatart. they're moving on and were still just sitting here lost. i guess all we can really do is leave it in god's hands and pray for the loss of the patriots.......... 
the ms green team is in their forth consecutive championship game and looking to go back to back! come out and support our spartans monday night at 5:30 in the sinkwich spartan center. @ spartanathletic @ theoenews @ 
been in florida for a day i threw the speaker in the pool turns out it’s not waterproof 
amazing how much better he sounds when he had the msu pr team prepare his statement. 
no sis the majority of the protestors were there for plenty of other reasons but let your confirmation bias cloud your sight 
tch. senses the shade thrown. he may not know every damn language, like some damned showoffs, but he knows a few himself. 你，我叫你笨！該死的山羊，我不羨慕你！我不需要這樣做！我 - 我也很棒！ ahhh, thank you time spent in china,, 
afterward, i said, "i don't know much about yoga, but i'm pretty sure the traditional greeting is 'namaste.'" 
sa practice nomu lawyer skills "for the record" deeze ga 
private landowners blocking access to public lands in the american west ) 
i love this hyam 100% cotton 3d duvet cover set no inside comforter set.the colors are bold. it feels so soft and the quality is great. excellent workmanship very affordable four pc cotton 3d duvet cover, this bedding is gorgeous and comfortable 
baby be the v to my kook ? 
membership monday! join wvna/ana for $288 a year or $24.50 a month. membership includes free & discounted ceu’s for details check out the link below. register before national nurses week for free ce. #wvnurses #education 
thankful i got to meet and spend the weekend with such amazing people @camp christian 
we really on the same wave length 
i spy the beautiful @ saraunderwood wearing our mirrors bikini. #girlswanttohavefun #lilanikole… 
2 tweeps unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. thank you . 
@ cbsnews @ nbcnews @ abc @ cnn @ npr @ msnbc when interviewing any politician who is lying and you're not making them squirm with your questions pinpointing the lie, you're doing something wrong 
my mood is the face the dog is making you fool 
you see the bounce in her step at 86? 
the sound of her shoe … 
i feel like i’ve become a boring bitch since i started school. lmao that ain’t me. i need to get the old ellie back @ babygirltei wanna help me bring her back.? 
*first day as a serious musician* manager: you're putting too much flavored syrup in the vanilla lattes. me: you won't talk to me that way when i get a record deal! 
before the rainbow always come the rain remember that 
harry kane named england national team player of the year 
atlas, a service dog with a stuff pluto toy at home was ecstatic after meeting his hero at the magic kingdom. 
just the idea of sending the dreamers away to a country that they aren't familiar with is completely ridiculous and inhuman, a stupid idea. 
i prefer to cut out the middle mane and get straight to the source. 
that is the least surprisingly fact i've heard in a long time. 
duke sims - desperona the bleeding fruit (official) … via @ youtube @ doobiedukesims 
irrational how? and don't bring up the two sex thing again, that only deals with procreation. it's your only real argument and you desperately want to avoid it linked to having kids somehow. 
ctfu and the shit begins 
@ ratchetgawd1 shit crazy how yo lil homie going up, i remember seeing that video of you buying him a grill now my own niggas know the lyrics to his shit!!! 
some people don’t deserve the time you invest in them. 
and yet another reason @ nhl & @ mlb are so much better than the nfl! 
hahahha manly cliff jump with alex is the place to gooooo 
part 5 wwe exclusive break down what you miss when #raw25 went off the a... via @ youtube 
am i the only one that has noticed numerous ex-husker players either under achieving while at the university or overachieving in the pros? which one is it??? … 
i liked a @ youtube video the making of kendrick lamar's "love." with teddy walton | deconstructed 
the hardest heart (original mix)blank e jones feat anne 
that is the common experience of all mothers. but the hardship doesn’t go well with the myth that women by reason of gender are somehow magically suited to the task. time for women to be honest with each other. we love our kids just as much. 
what’s the move in dallas this evening/night ? 
19:00:00 |temp: 53.5ºf | wind chill 53.5ºf |dew point 37.3ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the wsw, gusting to 0.0 
debating on if i should get a baby sitter for my birthday. i don’t want to go out or anything. i just want to feel what it’s like to sleep through the night again lol 
now: clear 36f. today: clear throughout the day. high: 53f. no current alerts 
i’m with you. he gives no attention to gun violence in return i will not give him the attention he so deeply craves. #boycottstateoftheunion that is the fake news!! 
harvest church in warner robins hosts a special service following 3 recent homicides in the city. 
missing the kid 
labour should make it clear that any contract with a duration longer than the next parliament will be considered to have been foisted on them under duress and may be terminated without notice or compensation - then watch the money-grabbers run 
thief got mad after he was caught in the way he never expected - video < america fans … via @ mike_press19 
12 days to the philippines 
>we all like. "dad can you help me? oh hi mom, where's vi?" [i nodded taking the science textbook from luke as he sat beside me.]"i put a picture of on my snapchat and all the girls loved it." ( @ abimatthews_ ) 
the seeds of love by mackenzie thorpe, £1,395 … #painting 
congrats students that achieved their ar goal last quarter!! ar party for 2nd quarter thursday 1/25 during pride (5th hour) in the gym enjoy your celebration, you read it! 
one side of me really wishes he had somebody to love and do romantic shit with. but the other side of me hates love. so i dunno 
i dont have the movies on my laptop but like, the subs on cr (for the show at least) are horribly timed so idk if i should buckle down and watch the movie on cr or what 
perfect night to witness two of our own being inducted into the @ uslacrosse western massachusetts chapter hall of fame! congrats to norm smith & jeff spooner! #gorillalacrosse – bei the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame 
serving the boss - scene 1 … 
i feel of all the people in the cast, you would be the most down lol 
actually don't hate him,but he is a c*** thoughcan't wait till i finish the bastards book...nearly there 
when the feeling ain't the same and your body don't want to 
i took the hardaway 
remember that awful era on the internet where people were posting that tony the trap tiger at whatever the furry version of magic city is with a gun and that one pic of him cooking crack? 
yeah i feel like i couldn't have been the only one that noticed the diamond wheel moved itself 
wanna take your #homebusiness to the next level and massive profitability? 
the fuck is this country so flat for 
the 2nd annual “for the love of beer” festival (utah beer) … #craftbeer #utbeer 
love it! thank for having me speak along side the legends like @ scottdorsey and @ … 
retweeted rupaul's drag race ( @ rupaulsdragrace): the time has come for you to turn your all-star-studded... 
man i wish there were someone to go after the most powerful sexual predator on earth. oh wait, never mind. 
to all @cryptocriedwolf followers, here is some free insight into a possible $ omg 40-80% gains!!! be sure to come on over and follow @ crypt0bing0 for live wall street short & long positions. let me help you dictate the market! @ binanceupdates @ crypt0bing0 @ 
dee i don't know if this will help you but luffy ate a magical fruit that granted him rubber power called the gum-gum fruit. which is why he says that before every attack. 
when #sonic gives out free milkshakes with the purchase of a cheese burger but won't give you the shake for wanting to pay more money for a double cheeseburger wtf!!! 
if it gets us a wall, no chain migration, extreme vetting, and higher standard for the rest of immigrants. id say f it lets get this shit over with.. cause dems aint gonna budge. we have to be realistic. slap in face to every legal immigrant but im not voting for no fking dem 
i try to avoid consuming all warm or hot liquids such as coffee, tea, hot chocolate, urine, and the like. 
the socialist india wishes to all citizens of this great country 69threpublic day. let's celebrate this great event n the spirit of liberty and equality. we'll see how this event is maintained by the citizens of our nation. we've to pledge to protect our democracy with great mind 
number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and no unfollowers. stats via 
because you're civilised? you could give these people a perfect 1:1 vr simulation to indulge their darkest most depraved desires and after the first visceral thrill they would not be interested bevause or isn't a real person. they need to feel actually more powerful in real way 
solucion: the emulator is unable to connect to the device operating system #visualstudio #mobile 
@ saveautohistory if you're going to take a free ride on my posts, the least you could do is follow. 
if **** dies in infinity wars part 2 shuri could take his place as the new ******* @ marvel @ marvelstudios … 
@ ronjohnsonwi i see that johnson has once again recaptured the throne as gop laughingstock. he's currently among the all-tim leaders for holding on to this title. close contenders are perenniel faves choootspah bachmann, steve king and gohmert 
i don't think the brewers will move domingo santana but stranger things have happen. i think they will likely invest in either arrieta or darvish based on this move. 
he was so thrown off like i know this btc ain’t just bust the moves out 
grateful for all the real fans out there who came out today #tyronehasthebestfans #grateful #blessed #tyronenevertakesl's 
he is . ok he’s not hiding, but i’m keeping my ass in the other room cause his face is cute and i’d like to keep it.. 
i think we need an official weekly @ dnd_advleague podcast hosted by @ mercyfuldm on the #dnd twitch channel. @ onnatryx? whatcha' think? 
we couldn't have done it without the help of 3 awesome parents! our gratitude goes to ms.lamparelli, ms.gibson, and ms.laroche! 
seeing the sweet and encouraging comments on tao’s instagram makes me happy, but i’m so sad that there are still people calling him greedy and saying he’s whining for opening up. like it upsets me so much 
small businesses have shied away from the full benefits of e-commerce because of challenges of fulfillment. @scorpiox_tech believes they solved that challenge. @ brinciot 
yea all these pvp battles today made the game so much more fun! :d 
just a friendly reminder that the koala is still live! he's playing layers of fear! come show him some love! [02:58] 
this is the greatest tweet i have ever read. i laughed out loud. but, now i am thinking of adding to my collection of tattoos in something related to your work. 
during my nearly 30-year career in law enforcement, i’ve learned that investigations involving the exploitation of children are some of the most difficult investigations conducted by special agents and local law enforcement. 
(we were on a plane a couple of weeks ago in this photo. she's my service dog and is terrified of flying. i had to dope her up to get her on the plane! some service dog!! i was her service human!!) 
@colecuster00 thanks for the handshake on the grid walk today, hope @ stewarthaasrcng gets you to the premier level sooner than later! 
very average for china over the last 10 years. we do not, however, do comparative analysis on growth from 1941 to 1956! @ cnn should try to be reasonable for a … 
giving sight back to the blind. thats that #jesus in me! #alobienbarbersandstylists #kids… 
not the whole thing smh 
(to be clear, i wouldn't imagine i was beth. i made up the people i imagined & they had no relation to anyone real or from a story. but i often named them after my favourite characters in books. i imagined them as though in my next life (!?!) maybe i could be them. weird me.) 
hey @ sheaserrano can you put your leverage to work to try and get a new hot boys cd..ill donate my life savings to the cause lol 
so we came to el taps and we got seated next to this group of douche bags that call the waiter primo 
this would be the best gift ever!! 
here are the top #marketing #designtrends for 2018 [infographic] ~ @ amanda_zw #smm 
more disgusting is how badly she has toadied up to him and made a mockery of this country on the international stage. 
that cover is so gorgeous, and the title intriguing - will definitely be watching for more info on this one! 
i'm vicariously watching the game through my tl and i'm loving it 
rt @ cwolbach5: with the kids figured i'd give him his chocolate bags 
he is amazing awesome and he has accomplished far more than i thought in his first year as potus. he needs us, those that believe in his plan to redeem america. be part of the restoration. take a glorious ride on the trump train. see you there. 
yay! way to go girls! the fab five plus more strick gold again! usa gymnastics board announce resignations … 
hit the north.. 
isn't it crazy that one day you're gonna like .. actually try to get pregnant . oh how the turn tables 
@ beingsalmankhan @ luvsalimkhan "never get tired of doing little things for others. sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts." #beinghuman 
dj jazzy jeff & the fresh prince won their 2nd grammy for "summertime" in 1992 - don't sleep on will smith... #grammys #shoutout @ scramjones 
tryna get some money find my way up out the struggle 
when jiyong said 'helloo, how are you?' and tae only spoke un english because he was afraid to say something wrong but in the end he said 'i love you very much'. after seungri saying 'friends, ladies, helloooo wow wow i love mexico" aaa i'm crying ññ … 
i have so many opinions bound up inside me which ‘the man’ is not letting me set free. 
i scanned myself with the tricorder. including the neutral zone border? i see you two have met. in return he would get... eject the chamber on my order! 
many smarter people than me have offered thoughts on #holocaustmemorialday, and i’m at a loss for words. instead i’ll offer a paper that changed the way i though about history, and the history of the holocaust. … 
all wmma bouts to the prelims would not go over well. 
question about 18th february. would there be a meet and greet? just curious @ markiplier @ crankgameplays @ apocalypto_12 @ lordminion777 @ muyskerm (plus i got the tickets for my birthday) 
i have so many potential icons in mind but i don't want to leave the one i have so what are we gonna do 
no team draws a visiting crowd & more hype for a game than the cats when they come to town! we’re everyone’s super bowl! #bbn 
i quess she had one or two in herjust curious isn’t the word b-tch a derogatory way to describe women ? 
and also, if you want to mic up a referee, imagine the consequences of when mike dean would get one. just think. let it sink in. big screen vs mike dean over the public address. think about it. 
his kung foo movies are the best 
j.b. holmes must hate the grammys. 
@ arrow252525 just heard little big town won an award at the #grammys i remember you enjoyed them. made me think of you. hope you are well. 
i know what you're saying, but trump has stated desire to obtain all social media passwords for anyone entering the us..(this may even be a pre-requisite for us entry now?) so i expect we'd all get crucified. 
yeah, f the police! i'm a rebel! 
#morocco has expressed support for the reform agenda proposed by #rwanda ’s president @ paulkagame to revamp the @ _africanunion and boost its financial … 
never believed they would. the only asshole who thought they would was dippy do little trump. 
really great interview. at first it was just something i wanted to read, but by the end i realized it was something i needed to read. 
aubameyang scoring the winner against spurs at wembley i can see it already 
10 tourists charged with 'pornographic dancing' in cambodia via the @ foxnews … 
im the bitch who’s analyzing an enstars/homestuck crossover in this year of 2018 
where did the different races come from? via @ youtube 
thanks @ camguthrie for your support of the @ iccguelph and #italianculture & #italianheritage in … 
there was never a doubt in my mind who the winner would be big up di boss damianmarley bless up… 
. @ camila_cabello bringing the heat this evening to the #grammys red carpet! 
none of the ship are harmful for me but it's just me there is a lot of ship i don't like but i ignore them and let ppl enjoy their favorite ship i'm waiting for rovio to officially announce anything it's better when it come from the owner of the birds 
i haven't seen a positive review of this yet and after the video i seen its a no for me dog … 
there's a person on the tokyo travel guide when i get home.... 
after nice nap ready for the royal rumble 
number crunching for the past day - 1 new unfollower. stats via 
hadn’t considered the draft tweets! caught the rumor tweet on the subway and it was confirmed before i got off at my stop....real time reporting! 
i honestly think jagr still has like 5 seasons in him in the czech league. 
i'd never sell that top. too sentimental. hahaha! i wore it to ibrox for the rangers vs marseille friendly quite recently yer man @ retrogersshirts often has it up on here, though. wouldn't be surprised if you see one in the next few days! 
10 drive to trail 14-10 in the future. 
deleted my facebook and the messenger 
how can people hate on kim k when she's just doing the only thing she knows how to do? 
just like his brother taught him, sacraficing his body for the w!! … 
... what do you mean the cowboy bebop manga was a shojo that's the best thing i've ever heard 
claude adams of global 16x9 said that if he was in the military, and someone tried to bury his child's sexual abuse, he'd go to the civilian police. that's insubordination. 
you can, but the photo album won’t. 
mpeg: a crisis, the causes and a solution ) 
be wise in your behaviour to those who are outside, making good use of the time. 
you have to get to a point where your mood doesn’t shift based on the insignificant actions of someone else 
amazing...the world is so big it's easy to forget ancient civilizations preceding ours.... 
i'm fairly certain when it turns midnight on jan. 31, calendars around the world are going to turn jan. 1 again. 
tough luck guys, we got the best of ya this time! 
who’s left on the clippers. everyone jump ship. get your life jacket 
stats for the day have arrived. 1 new unfollower. stats via . 
19:00:00 |temp: 52.0ºf | wind chill 52.0ºf |dew point 34.4ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 1.0 mph from the nnw, gusting to 7.0 
you can see the pain in your eyes omg … 
investment property sale! just closed on the mobile home park in scarborough for $580,000. this… 
communists have been destroying the usa for along a time they are every where. 
the channel x: super bowl predictions special will be moved to saturday. not sure if i'll do a regular episode as well. i'll keep everyone posted till i get better 
the light of my darkness. my power on my weakness. my medicine on my sickness. the smile on my happiness. penjaga kewarasan (yg sebenernya sama ga warasnya kyk aku.) i couldn't ask for more. thank god he is here and mine. 
@ realdonaldtrump is putin’s bitch and therefore a traitor to the usa. 
just look at the moon 
what a blast from the past! 
@ mitchellvii what station do you all recommend watching the soua tonight? 
i would rather hear wakanda’s state of the union 
mimi, where have you been? every monday morning for the past six years or so. 
the brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all. - richard branson 
i know there is every chance i’ll regret this, but that there is a welsh team that @ scotlandteam can beat. bring on the principality... … 
hirohiko araki x gucci has to be one of the best things anyone has made me fall off the stairs dead ass accused of "robbery" 
spring training games end in a tie now. so the only reason for this is to get his for in the door for a change to regular season games later. what an idiot! does he even like baseball? 
quick thoughts on the proposed mirotic-to-pelicans trade from me and @ … 
tbh i've forgotten exactly who i saw but i think darkness429 and doom42/49/whatever off the top of my head. i think there's like 10/20 large streamers but i type that under correction. 
surviving & thriving in queens: this astoria hardware store has been in the family since 1930 … 
the lady panthers trail the wilcox lady patriots 40-31 with 5:22 left in the 3rd period. 
67 oteichan place for those who want to drink in relaxing environment from the standard dishes of lzakaya to daily specials, you can enjoy our dishes with a perfect drink in a very relaxing environment away from the busy city life. trading hours/ 15:0… 
"he went to university decades ago". you utilized this as an argument to mean that he thus "missed" the time when the paradigm shift happened and thus can be excused his language use, which under the fact that he keeps reading as a professor is incorrect. cede. 
evils of terrorism and ext…. scranton, pennsylvania at 5:30pm. spouses, were invited by the media, in order to put #americafirst! 
>wanting to be thicc 
spot the stupidest #msm #sotu television … 
asking for the opportunity to show and demonstrate with them how it would look and sound. it also has to be something that i have done with success. novel ideas that i haven’t done can’t be “sold” as easily. 
lmao the release too need waa so what he dey do 
apparently being in the tank for @ hillaryclinton is a sign of … 
my favorite theory about "greetings for the day"... it quickly screens out people who are unlikely to fall for the scam. that way 'ruby' can focus on the others. 
i think it's self-destructive for black women to push the narrative that black men don't want black women when their relationships don't work out. i've not heard anyone accuse black women of hating black men. they're partners in the failure(s). #marriedatfirstsight #mafs 
please edit out ashley logo from top of the picture of banner, please 
west ham current transfer policy by the seems of it #westham 
i should never be trusted to drive a vehicle of any kind; not because i am a lousy driver but because i tighten my grip on the wheel with every passing truck. i look in the newspaper every day for that one headline of a car crash where they simply don't know what happened. maybe … 
json.... j son..... hummmm.... it couldn't be @ jsmithoti 's kid from the future screwing with you could it? naw that's like saying @ popssmithoti is josh from the future. that's just silly 
love how close it is to court street!! great location spot for all the college kids! a great fulfilling snack before they go out on the weekend 
spray cheese!!! the official sponsor of vacation lol 
dessart night is going strong and if you need a break pick up a book at the book fair!!! @ aps_ela_elem @ tuckprinc @ apsarts @ apsvirginia @ apsvaschoolbd @ apslibrarians @ 
what are the odds that @ hawleymo out todd akins todd akin. #mosen 
ok . . . so you call yourself a genius and you know the speed of light. ever wondered what is the speed of darkness is? 
54 school nurses from 50 states made visits to their congresswoman and congressmen to advocate for legislation that will improve the health of our nations children. @ 
thanks for joining me today. sorry the internet kept crashing. if i get it stable. i'll try again later. much love to you all. 
interesting... considering the large grey-haired lady with navy plates @oelwein library who stalked me for over a year + never left before me - got up + left immediately after facebook closed my last facebook account … 
i'm also the only person on the call who is not male presenting...so that's extra special. 
now i know what you've thinking: "how long can this go on?" here's the thing: officially, history is scheduled to keep happening indefinitely at a rate of ten years every decade! that's too much history! can you learn it all? even trained historians don't know all of it! 
this girl who i sit next to was wearing makeup, which she looks pretty in. so as class went on, i began to think of compliments i'd give my future gf. it would be along the lines "sup cupcake" and "no. you actually look like a cupcake." #backhand 
i have my comments locked so only friends can comment. shoot me a friend request when you get a chance. tell me in the question area who you are. 
"should not" is weak. "must not" should have been included. the land is saturated so squashing that land with c300 houses in going to push the water into other areas.. which will flood. 
. @ furblesmama - #conventionofstates all conservatives who want limited govt: sign the petition!!! 
same message, different day. his holiness the dalai lama speaks truth to our lives. he teaches a practical... 
always the best part of my day is waking up to your face staring back at me. good morning! 
this can mean two things i suppose. the book was always non-fiction and described real events with different names. the other option is taibbi and ames lied about it being non-fiction in order to manufacture and edge of sexual behavior that was acceptable 18 years ago. 
now you done got locked up by the same uncle tom ass cop from boyz in the hood thats hates us. face pressed down on the hood of the car & little zachariah done got brave and called you a “nigger” while you getting cuffed and the black cop gave em a smile..damn 
if you go to the movies way too often, get a movie pass for one year!!! it’s only $90 if you have a costco membership, $120 if not, and you can watch one movie everyday!! 
honestly the real mvp for her courage but also this reason … 
what would happen online if i should keep the food for the bottom panel or make it a wide shot of the sisters lately aha 
anyone caught doing this should be locked up for at the least attempted gbh. surely gritters have got cameras onboard, if not i think they should be put in. busses have cameras front, back, sides and inside so i can’t see why they can’t! … 
dear friends, i'm soon to enter the zone. if you wish to find me, i'll be in front of my tv watching the olympics! … 
i always forget about that big interlude towards the end of sweet potato and it's always a pleasant surprise 
amazing show by @ ladygaga tonight in birmingham! her stage broke not even a minute into ‘bad romance’! she stopped the song until the stage was sorted! 
when zlatan comes to a team, he’s the manager 
lawless authority while the memo itself doesn't appear to be of much account (beyond damaging the american... 
the two are incomparable and you lost before you even started. 
the 4 most essential qualities of great content marketers #marketing #contentmarketing 
@ potus @ realdonaldtrump time to clean out hold overs, fbi and drain the washington swamp. people should be held accountable throughout government to include last administration obama/clinton/kerry/holder & lynch...et al. … 
@ georgepapa19 is getting the most fame for the least substantive reason since "fabulous fab" the notorious goldman sachs trader nearly 10 yrs. ago. @ katerinasokou @ mignatiou 
i try not to get into the mind of the modern wrestling fan for fear i'd never get my sanity back. 
his music is soooo good, especially the lyrics 
mcdonald's hit the spot!! 
"i will always love you" by dolly parton is always on the fuckin friday pregame playlist sorry boys 
i'm curious, if yahoo is going to have two separate players, what's been the challenge? there's been chris young hitter and pitcher before. if he was dual eligible i'd see a problem but unsure with two separate players what the issue is? looking forward to the release either way. 
if anything is a gift of the gods to men, it is reasonable that happiness should be such a gift. 
klayman: ag sessions confirms why he should resign or be fired! - via @ freedomwatchusa … that was a totally unacceptable response from the ag. obviously, not serious about cleaning up corruption...or afraid. replace ag sessions with a patton. 
i saw an interview with michael che (one of the head writers) and he said he likes racially-charged humor. 
i love that we are gonna have a guy on our team that goes by the name moose. 
got your ace score? what’s your ace score? (and, at the end, what’s your resilience score?) there are 10 types... 
no....not at all....even in the slightest....out of respect for someone she is very close to...and i’m also very happy with where i am right now so please stop being a dumbass boatler … 
funny how you say that two accusations like they're proven fact, yet you provide no evidence to support your argument, nor do you account for the fact that the memo just blew the story wide open. repeatedly citing debunked narrative isn't logical debate, its brainwashed babbling 
this might have made sense if "spanking" had been operationally defined, instead of using the concept without content. issues of spanking vs hitting vs slugging, and others, makes it difficult to get any traction on resolving the question adequately as is proposed. 
knowing the value of money vs earning always trumps welfare & freebies. the example of your parents paints a picture of parents that worked & retired to aspire dreams being a couch potato is in direct opposition of someone w/ free time & following a dream, inventor, artist, etc 
always decent techno on the battle bus 
watching the movie now! husband read the book... we own the movie and it is frequently on! … 
meet the artist @gallery baroness 
and the unanimous point was simply mentioning that obv some voters might feel he isn’t either. that’s all i meant. 
we killed it at the #ibjjf #atlantaopen today! so proud of how everyone prepared for and competed. these matches were won in the weeks of dedication & hard work leading up to this weekend. thanks to the entire team for helping to prepare the competitors. #bjjcompetition 
when the choice is to be right or to be kind, always make the choice that brings peace.– wayne dyer #quote 
apparently, lady gaga, has fibromyalgia? i know this, and it is bad. the wife suffers excruciating pain. maybe lg should get her claim in quick for dla, as when pip gets to her, she’ll be stuffed? i hope esther mcvey isn’t watching her? 
@ janetfanz great album! enjoy the futurist funk created by @ flytetymejam and terry lewis! #janetjacksonappreciationday 
i remember that. took the kids to see the tall ships & replica endeavour. they loved it. guess that was the start of big oz day celebration. guess that was hawke’s fault. but howard ramped up the gung ho patriotism. 
into the wild is really good 
the big bang théorie>gaime auphe tronne 
i thought that the only place that it would not happen would be in the usa and to see this here... truly makes me very sad! 
my ass needs to go to the beach and do something exciting/new before my internship starts 
lucky that the curling is an inside sport here in peyongchang 
very important relationship. china's investment in pakistan along the #cpec would be hugely beneficial to the uk and trade between the three countries. … 
what is wrong with this sick bunch! their sure not acting in canadians best interests. i cannot recall a more destructive out of sync gov't in my life. he has got to go no doubt about that, and sooner the better. get off your hands backbenchers do something!!!! 
i’m not an eagles or patriots fan, but naturally i have to side with one or the other, so.... imma choose to witness greatness and hope to see something that has never been done, i wanna see #tb12 walk out with a 6th ring! so let’s go pats! 
what a good bruvver. i had a teacher who taught us when looking up a word in the dictionary, to look at the 10 words above and then look at the 10 words below. i still do this. 
you have one job and you mess it up in the super bowl ok 
great td but missing the point after is terrible in this game. #flyeaglesfly #superbowl 
what about the kitten bowl? 
kill the kicker. they finna lose by one point. 
there's your man, philly. there's the sacrifice, should it come to this. 
american football really be the lamest sport ever 
man miss the extra point ..cud be costly in d end 
who’s winning the super bowl? 
this is gonna be the most exciting part of the super bowl. … 
eric rowe...you are the target. 
poor eric rowe getting shit on by everyone the eagles throw too 
i want the eagles to win cause “eagle born, eagle bread, eagle till the day i’m dead” 
possibly the only? you're definitely the best at dropping things 
the fish weren't ready to be catched but we still had a fun… … 
@ americanair i’ve been on your plane - flight 374 out of ord to lga - for over 6 hours now. diverted to phl for over an hour - no water offered, no deplaning. pilot updates after the fact. this is #horrible #americanairlines #customerservice #poorservice 
this is how you lose the game. 
come on & make the fucking field goal 
alshon jeffery with the spectacular catch 
robert kraft is the only owner in the #nfl with a mullet!! 
thank you @ collectivehub for the opportunity to share some thoughts with your readers - love your magazine! h xx 
that would make sense since trevor & the can staff just shared pictures in the sherway area. 
it's already niall horan trend i'm voting for #slowhands by @ niallofficial for #bestlyrics at the 
mon, 2/05: got dark skies? got binoculars? use them to "see the double cluster in perseus" (from earthsky) 
found the @ intuit giant – bei intuit inc. - building 1 
the road to rage quitting… | street fighter 5: arcade edition 
this guy has the eyes of a maniac ....how come so many people were arrested in his district by ice the other day for human trafficing ? ,,hmmmm makes you wonder ? 
android nougat is officially the most-used version of android 
so far it’s about a couple raising triplets in the 70s n one of the triplets is black.. 
and your paycheck is going up the most.. 
true. some depth on the o-line never hurts. but y’all always go dl or db in the first round. 
"the 2 for 1 deal" #breathofthewild 
weight/weighing// since going on my walks and cutting out buying fast food i’ve lost 8 pounds part of that was probably from getting the flu but who cares i’m counting it 
hollywood premier of eastwood’s “the 15:17 to paris” … 
stoked you added...we will make a nice profit over the next few months on this bad boy 
soon soon! i’m arranging a few last things about the merch and shippings! … 
two dead, over 200 injured in taiwan quake - the nation 
john kelly, i refuse to use his military grade, is a disgrace to the armed forces. within a very short periode of time, he has damaged all his years serving the us. all thanks to the 
on broadway, people. we’re in our seats! let the show begin! 
lay it on a bench with the twirly bit hanging over and drop ya neck on it. works a treat. 
lua em escorpião is the new tpm kkkkk 
i don’t want to be “that girl” but i totally broke my nail at the gym 
i am surprised no one has made movies yet about the assassin creed series, especially the ezio trio... those have... 
it also cracks me up that twerps are the first to crucify police - who risk their lives for us every day & scream about the militarization of police - but yet kiss the arses of ppl who will be enforcing martial law one day, the way we're going. do you remember kent state? 
hi @ robdesphoto thanks for the follow. we really appreciate your support. it is such a privilege for us. i hope you have a happy and prosperous 2018. cheers-jacqui 
spring is in the air and we at the shared adventures artist studio are painting pots and planting succulents for... 
women literally gave up their lives so we today and future generations have the right to vote, it shocks me at how many people don’t … 
i vote for "touch" by @ littlemix for british video at the #brits 2018 #britvidlittlemix 
lmao bro i didn't tell you the story 
a show is what you get when you hate the other side so much that you elect a “showman” 
god truly helps us all to find ourselves in this world, when someones leave its expected to feel the void but i want to feel that we will all be there together one day and thats the thing that keeps me going because if not 
when i’m in the parking lot and i see another girl walking alone i wait to leave until she gets in her car just in case 
you had a eli super bowl run type of night (helmet catch year).. and i was still able to break even so i’m not the slightest bit bothered lol 
attended lone star luau and loved it - excellent line, plenty of parrot heads, and camping across the street - 
how did i not know 91.5 was in warren? thank you for the map! 
i cried a little over this one. still can't believe it was a judge from the republic of ca. there is hope. 
delete your whole tweet because i fucking smacked you. the question wasn’t rhetorical. obviously. 
at least you’re getting to sleep in! i need to get my butt back to the gym in the mornings. thanks for making me feel like a slacker! 
even taking 2 powerful power slams from braun strowman elias will be the last man to enter in the elimination chamber match, he win the match, and this is the only thing that matter. #raw #wwechamber 
can we start a petition to get the last version of snapchat back? 
how many followers do you get everyday? i got 3 in the last week. growing daily with 
be sure to catch the #worldcup trophy when it comes to your corner of the world. @ cocacola @ fifa #trophytour 
an i don't care for air play, i rather go live online playing air guitar in my air jays. the air play is a con, air that out like nick cage. i'm waving bye to the air waves. smile on my face talking with my mouth full of wavy lays. 
techcrunch: clearbrain uses ai to help advertisers target the right users [planet feed] 
(from the archive) meeting notes made easy.. #office365 
i can’t tell if quincy has lost his damn mind, or is the hero we all need.... … 
masturbation is a healthy thing, apparently not when you’re in the elevator. 
your govt of 3 decades, your health projects but still none good enough for the shareefs! cold or flu shareefs have to fly to london for health care on poor pakistanis tax money! 
#impeach trump #potus45 #trump #parades is potus45 attention deficit? hardly seems like he can multi task with all the pressing issues he is worried about a military parade parades, walls and worrying if people applaud him god help us all 
overheard a fight on the subway so now i'm laying in bed staring at the ceiling hope everyone is having a fun night!!! 
i know off-white is like the traditional "overpriced garbage lol" site but please. give me this 
i lowkey miss the alley but idk if i wanna try to go there sober 
how i decide what to clean: step one: discover where the cat wants to be. step two: quickly remove anything breakable or in her way. ---complete--- 
they cooked the juicy lucy burger... i can’t get over this dudes teeth. i checked twitter just to see if anyone else was disgusted lol 
@ potus knows & appoints the most incompetent, unethical people! so of course they had to resign or get fired! now when @ realdonaldtrump & @ mike_pence the @ vp leave, the job will be complete! 
. @ nbcthisisus how dare you not show us the springsteen concert 
god forbid one talks to other people on the bus. i might've never have found my wife! 
cool. and it's from the future. 
brightest adolescent intelligence (bym) is a 17-gathering out of date non-profits organization, whose commission is to actualize a advantageous community brownie alongside identifying, conjunctive and mobilising 100 big-shock chief and oomph-getters betwixt the... 
might use this for the final weeks 
ready for the weekend. 
don't fight the problem, decide it. #leadership 
long gone are the days when we had the likes of tony benn. a passionate speaker who knew how deal a fatal blow without ranting and raving. awful. #bbcqt 
site chat point giveaway! 5 winners! to enter in the giveaway, type #valentines on the site chat! quick giveaway! join us at 
i’m not a supporter of any type of group, but would ut tell blm to stay out? i’m sure that when i served in the military it was protect the rights of everyone, and that includes free speech. 
whitefoxes have started moving - we got all the keyboards loaded before chinese lunar new year began! check out our kickstarter update here - 
#njdevils just one win away from their total wins (28) last season. they can reach that mark in february with a victory against the flames tonight. 
we have to research a photographer and on the list was a scottish photographer who does landscapes and i just.... ahhhhhh! 
that's the cutest fucking thing ive heard all day what the hell … 
일인지하 the outcast 2기 4화 - 일인지하 the outcast 2기 4화 
i support conservative campaigner. you can download the official app to help out: … and give me credit: 
chief of staff smelly has not offered to resign. the meowstream media is just trying to force him out. 
so all the kooks on the sides of the country get to decide what's best for all? dream on. forefathers knew this would happen. #electoralcollege 
inlab officially on the ct art trail! … 
can we fall, one more time? stop the tape and rewind oh and if you walk away i know i’ll fade ‘cause there is nobody else - gotta be you, 1d 
the parents should be at least 25 or so. 
i was dying the other day bc i realized the bottle of hornitos you took to my house is still in the freezer i was all *gag* lmfao 
#flashbackfriday when real men occupied the oval office 
@ timtebow can you put the location on your #nighttoshine #nighttoshine2018 tweets so we know where you've been? #gatornation 
just throw the whole sprint network away wtf. 
@ zak_bagans i know it would mean the world to my friend if you could check out his youtube page and give him some support he is a huge fan. its called timeless evil and the videos are amazing. everything wierd and straight up strange im sure you would enjoy it thank you very … 
the who - abbie hoffman incident - woodstock 1969 via @ youtube 
this is the cutest … 
19:00:00 |temp: 54.2ºf | wind chill 54.2ºf |dew point 46.8ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the ese, gusting to 0.0 
been on the vegan wagon for 5 years. this is an amazing trend that looks to be going off the charts. hurray for... 
“i’m having this conversation with you now. i’m talking, but i’m thinking, feeling, smelling, and moving. yet i’m concentrating on what you’re saying. so that means there’s more things going on in the body than just the present thing that the person’s got you doing.” #ornette 
life is to be fortified by many friendships. to love and to be loved is the greatesr happiness od existence #goodmorning 
that's the second opening to death note, yeah? 
i don’t see the problem … 
dude...hello? i've played that for two years already! and it still scares the crap out of me. but i love it...but i hate it...but i love it..but argh! halp. 
the steak part killed me 
today is 2018-02-10 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
let’s eat i like this lineup! payton better show the suns what he’s worth 
learn more about some of our planned sessions and take advantage of the early bird registration rate. #hxgnsmartcontent 
"just... no one. lick. the. windows." 
25 years ago my mom made the biggest mistake. ... 
i am about to set the dogs on my lead, and am currently piling up rocks into a small mound. this might break me tho. … 
the internet guide to the winter olympics 
yall i saw a rumor that there are accounts that tweet the hashtags so you can rt them and then close to the end of voting they'll deleted the profile so votes can be erased. be careful who you rt from. #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt 
at least the people who were fired did 
everyone hates on iw and says it was shit and that but really people hate on it so much because they’re not good at the game 
mardi gras snap stories are officially getting so good. may your sober older friend screenshot away from the comforts of her warm home. 
that's the point of shipping a couple, you might be doing it just because you want to... 
the lady was all over the news. it isn't fake. why can't you trump folks stop lying? 
how is that a compliment!? get the fuck out dude 
every false flag of reunion news broke my heart until i finally drove to kentucky to see them on the first leg of the reunion tour. 
y'all got to understand though, this is the 1st time she does something like this with an artist that i like. bts are special #btsarmy #bestfanarmy #iheartawards @ bts_twt 
@ efl - what do you think of this once again!!! sort this shit! it's ruining football english lower league is becoming the spanish prem … 
vt can’t keep making those shots at the end of the shot clock... #vtvsuva 
google must know it’s my bday. the google sign is turtles 
daaawg... the girl tell her parents when she planning to lose her virginity...im dying 
k, let's get back to the age of the earth. again, it doesn't mean that the creation of the earth had to be at the same time or almost at the same time as the creation of all of the universe much like that baking a cake just last week analogy. 
i liked a @ youtube video cannabis 101: what's the difference between indica, sativa & hybrid? 
probably my favourite night in thomond park. the atmosphere was immense crazy crazy night 
mine was on the radio in fresno , california ohhh shit, i see you bazz ! doing big things. @ bazzi @ b95fresno thank u for playing this 
potus trump is planning to release details of his $1.5 trillion infrastructure plan tomorrow (monday). that deficit spending should easily drive the markets down another 1000-1500 points. 
if you really think about it, i mean really put the effort in, go full force on this, i’m sure you can imagine a tweet better than this. 
retweeted stopslaughteratnyacc ( @ stopslaughtracc): brindle beauty, young ~ #olivia~ is back on the #tbd list!... 
hey @ vodafonefj i'm getting my ecard done. is this the right place? your outlet in mhcc. let me know please. vinaka 
good morning folks, happy working & let's do our jobs to the best of our ability. 
hi i dreamed that i was a parselmouth, hanging out at a chillaxxed hug orgy with friends, and my localish pal stush had a pair of snakes who wanted to hug and explore a lot. we could also use a dail in the car to chamge the cloud cover and make the stars brighter. 
what does the donkey say? have you read it recently? that ass is wiser than many atheists on twitter. 
warehouse sheds: the scourge of modern times - here in @ south_staffs territory too. always the same spiel too. … 
@ iancollinsuk so that bloke who talked about smaller state-owned utilities is really suggesting what we used to have - the old water boards, electricity boards, etc 
good sopranos scene: aj's therapy session, tony notices a stray bloody tooth in the cuff of his pants from the guy he just curb stomped, casually recrosses his legs to hide the tooth 
i kinda understand why germany invaded poland back in the days. they wanted less horrid kids tv shows. … 
i don’t really know how to describe the emotion i’m feeling right now 
the countdown begins! you won’t want to miss a single night of these revival meetings. get ready!! #peoriaalive 
hab 2:14 — for the earth will be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the lord, as the waters cover the sea. #god bless america 
i want nsync to have a fight the whole hour, but succeeded in finding umaru snacks 
beautiful start! love the statue and the colors of the rocks. 
if you want to know what it was like in the '90's, you can visit one of our many buca di beppos and olive gardens. 
or use the lightest weight possible, which does absolutely nothing 
i broke one of my own rules. and now i want to ditch the class i teach to play breath of the wild. i am haunted by paragliders. 
what's the musical?? 
what a joke. @ unilever is poisoning the people of the world. tries a greenwash again. 
the fuc. they think she gonna be posting nudes or something on it? she’s not that dumb 
im gonna make a fool outta myself during atttid and thats the tea 
why was the package delivered anyways. i thought the usps n other shippers are supposed to check for these things after the huge anthrax deal years ago 
i'm still resisting the urge to get publicly ruffled about this, but uh, i gotta say, it's really not great to have my financial future for the next 6mo just kind of up in the air for *three full weeks,* especially when it's a major publisher. 
roy put his bow, which he was working on, down for a moment. sitting next to her, back against the header of thr bed, he stared at the wall, thoughtful. "good question." he said, and eyed her. she looked so dazzling with her permanent smile. "i'm not sure... how about you?" 
seize the fall with a great inshore bite at home run charters 
i still say anxiety is a struggle... i have to stay in the moment and pull myself out of stressful thought patterns, but my life is back in my hands. i have the control over bad days and good days. it's a lot of responsibility to own your life... but it's opened up so much joy. 
@ redrock_bball i've been offered kat and two scrubs for my garris, air gordon and collins. a lot to pay and no must grabs on the ww. should i jump and hope value appears on the ww, or too late for that? 
how is @ foxnews both the highest rated and the least mainstream? dummies 
the older i get the more i enjoy staying home. 
is it possible to access the interesting ppts of the speakers? thank you for the amazing event and see you next! 
me: hey everyone, guess what i discovered the cure to death. jo: oh cool, but did i tell you about the time i met ryan! me: 
yeah, i’ll send you the address … 
if you look up ginther and kahn's 2004 jep article on google scholar, and then search within the citing articles for canada, you'll pick up most of what's out there. 
long but well worth the read. … 
and we know that in all things god works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose for them. - romans 8:28 
@ kevincorke dan coats doesn’t want our political differences to get to the point of affecting the functioning of the country? that train left the station a long time ago. the real question now is, what do we do about it. 
the immoral minority: alt-right paul ryan challenger kicked off twitter ... … 
i pledge that part of the proceeds of every shirt purchase will go towards a bunch of creepy daggers and shit. 
i’ve been stuck in a reading rut for ages and i finally finished the book i was struggling my way through and now i’m so excited to start on my pile of 15 books hahha 
if her mouth is moving, she's lying. no need to ask the question. 
@ gop has been totally exposed as the biggest bunch of hypocrites on the planet. #goptaxscam has shown #gop priority is pleasing big … 
"i want it all, poe." he whispered, looking up at the tree above them. he imagined them having a family here on yavin, in the place where poe grew up. 
cherry wine is the sweetest song ever 
19:00:01 |temp: 50.1ºf | wind chill 50.1ºf |dew point 44.5ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the nne, gusting to 1.0 
@ victoriawjhl i was out of the area for 2 years working, but have moved back to the area. i want to say welcome to the area and keep up the great work!!! between you and i, you a fair sight prettier than the other weather people at wjhl!!!! 
omg 3 of my cousins are pregnant! they’re all due around the same time too i’m soooo excited! 
congrats to ryan fanti on being selected to play in the nahl top prospects game. 
the only problem that this congress has solved in the first year of their term is the problem of the hyper rich not getting enough tax breaks. 
aye fellas, make sure y'all put oil in y'all beards...don't be out here with the "no text messages" beard 
dude shut the fuck up … 
@ reggiemillertnt doesn’t get enough of the credit he deserves the man was a shooter 
yeah, keep doing nothing and keep watching america’s kids die every week. australia seemed to take care of this issue. you don’t see this anywhere else in the volume you do here. it comes down to mental health and guns need to be addressed, no easy answers. but change is needed. 
disavow the nra. you don’t need them any more; russia protects you from brown people now. could we just save some children, maybe? 
that’s #29 at jack in the box be hittin 
honestly, i kinda start accepting that juve is just made for italy. if one day we won the big ears great, if not i always enjoy winning anything tbh. last year's final was my last high hope they win cl and i believe it was their biggest chance after 98 final. 
this drawing is the most satisfying thing ever 
said very well. due to the inaction of the united states government more children will continue to die. it’s tragic that maniacs can get ahold of guns so easily. … 
how many lives need to be taken for the united states to realize there is a serious issue? 
honestly im like the nicest person but i also have a temper which sometimes i can’t control sorry 
♫the half (promo only intro edit) - dj snake f./jeremih, young thug & swizz beatz 
the best of the best 
game: casting that fire spell on these enemies brings out their demonic side me: oh same binch! so i should do that, right? game: demonic dust bunny is now powered way the fuck up and takes out half one of your party member's health in one go me: so i should do that, rig 
ash wednesday is the start of our journey to the cross during the season of lent. a #newbeginning is found through christ. #spiritualfood 
the #nra is a domestic terrorist organization. you have blood on your hands. 
congratulations to trumbull high’s mock trial team! they are heading back to the state championship game during the first week of march against weston high school. the team beat northwest catholic in a thrilling trial this afternoon. best of luck to coach eric august & the team! 
more familiar faces from the great state of ca! guess who!? 
today is 2018-02-14 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
this is why we stand and put our hands over our hearts: +> (video) the star spangled banner as you've never heard it by david matherson @ itsknot2late4us, @ radiopatriot @ oasiscm @ jerome_corsi @ magagoldhat @ sebgorka @ hughnemets @ joedanmedia 
they are terrified of the day when whites will no longer be the majority. the purpose of trump’s immigration policy is to delay that date. 
energy happens in case of an open up to talk about them, some one elephant in the midst of science (this tweet is the next day contains atomic ionization. 
i don’t get how they got it in the first place 
yes indeed all of the time 
wow.... some very interesting points which mirror some of my own perspectives on the topics presented. 
my birth weight was 200, i repped two plates on my way home from the hospital 
why is it that everytime i wear something remotely cute, the people i want to impress aren't here. 
cash and being the designated driver has gotten me this far my friend 
breaking news cows go to slaughter at the end of their lives, … 
i am not on he left not have i ever been so please stop with that bs. military grade assault weapons do not need to be sold to the public. plain and simple. 
thank you to the @ wkudietitian team brandi and summer for walking our special olympics athletes through what a healthy shopping trip looks like! these guys will be fueled and ready for seattle come 
i think it’s fair you may not. if they law doesn’t help any. it should go away. if it affects rights it should go away. it also should have mandates on the mental or past diagnosis. i fear them going and instituting laws that make more paperwork but no benefits. 
it was a fight the whole hour, but now i know what i'm buying all the $2 copics i can get my mitts on 
today is 2018-02-15 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
happy birthday to the biggest guy i know gotta see you again soon so we can celebrate! love ya jpd 
there is money in cybercrime, yet the stakes are higher in cyberwa #cybersecurity 
school shootings in the us keep happening again and again and again @ 
great game today, awesome to hear the positive comments about you on the telecast. 
just trying to understand why would anyone need a ar15 ?? honestly i know nothing about guns, the only thing i have ever heard is that ar15s are used by single sick lone people that are out to kill so many so fast???? 
@ troyesivan troye please help me the link wont work ily xx 
anyone living on the us west coast needs to monitor quake activity at … … for further details and 
gross there’s a snake on the couch ... totally joking but i had to do it 
everyone deserves a lawyer, even guilty pieces of shit. if a guilty piece of shit wasn't defended to the greatest extent possible, how would you know the case against them was completely legit? 
@ louvinaa have you seen #thehundredfootjourney ?the food & colors in it are so vivid & mesmerizing you will want to eat off the screen! every foodie should see it! if this movie is like that am gonna see it too 
the human soul is hungry for beauty 
to begin with, opioids are legal. my wife had to turn them down from the hospital after the birth of our son in december. my solution? destigmatize addiction, and all mental health problems so people can get the help they need. the president says he wants to do that. 
this off season sucked period we swept in the trash 
i'll probably just buy em off amazon i owe the library money lol 
just had a 17 kill duo game with @ placeways_ with the best ending ever will post later 
why do we still have the fbi, they seem ineffective and politicized. we may need a re-evaluation of the efficiency of this agency. what use have they been in the last 20 years. where in the constitution does it even say we need to have an fbi? nowhere? okay then.... … 
missing a jail call got to be the worst 
hold it an it’ll give you the option to save 
sister: sometimes i like to roll my sunroof down and blast my rap music. me: why? sis: because then people are driving by and they hear his music and then the look i and see this really skinny white chick. me: 
do i know the good thing called spam — obviously yes … 
if you ever see a shadowy figure standing off to the side in a dream, it might be me. 
the white people who are offended by this, are the problem. people need to wake up. 
@ toddeherman i vote to keep the conspiracy theories segment. 
the fire alarm #makeabandsafer 
i can tell you, the government (malcolm turnbull) didn't like the truth getting out so they shut it down but now we know what's happening we, the public, are not buying the lnp bullsh*t. 
the bootleggers - what kind of woman via @ youtube 
no matter where you get your food, get your drink from chick fil a. (@chick-fil-a) #yelp #yelfie 
just as expected! happy to hear north tx is still in the mix. … 
¡acabo de ver el episodio s01e01 de the plague (2018)! #tvtime 
congrats to quavo on the mvp but, things would probably be different if y’all wouldve invited my dude @ jonbellion to come hoop. just … 
religion is the root of all evil... more people have are hated and have been killed in the name of religion then any other reason. 
new picture for w&m: nick butts. i’ll let y’all make the jokes 
or are you saying that the only thing preventing these gun toting heroes from saving the day is a 1000 foot buffer zone? 
thieves and robbers both have one thing in common, they both steal. however there is a difference in their takings,a thief can only take things of material from the outside, but a robber take those most precious valuables prize possessions such as peace of mind, joy faith, love 
your brother have the m50s? 
hey, i thought @ ennisesmer was supposed to be the net-savvy one 
i never use any of the week has been tarnished 
the same people who think a travel ban will solve the issue of terrorism are the same people who think a ban on guns won't work 
a small stone jammed in the kitchen waste disposer. took ages to unwedge it. 
i liked a @ youtube video king dice explains to the devil why he's their (cuphead comic dub compilation) 
could power the world with that much land covered in nuclear plants... 
man the prince burning calories on this rant 
last night was really wild, we woke up at the foot of the bed, feet to the head bored 
hyperx is celebrating the rainbow six: winter invitational by giving away 30 headsets. thirty. you can enter to win too! … 
no fam cascade is the rink in atl 
it’s so sadistic that you are some taking about genius are successor of the big heritage of social contract. 
sunset in the beaujolais region (france) [via 
ben in bed most of the day. all stopped up. 
@ senatorlankford no jackass, it's the gun and the person who owns it, you corrupt pos. we are not interested in your nra talking points anymore. our kids r coming for you & your corrupt cohorts. time's up. no more effing military styled weaponry on the streets, you souless prick 
i don’t trust players that play good with the patriots besides gronk 
just finishing a wonderful history: "destination casablanca: exile, espionage, and the battle for north africa in world war ii" by meredith hindley. stuff that wasn't in the newspapers, and a look at who shaped our world then. 
love you the most 
gotta protect the white girl no matter what. 
and yet the oilers are still a tire fire . the expansion draft can be altered to make lv a contender but no way should they be given another 1st overall . i call bs 
shannon & i out for a new #adventure along the #appalachiantrail @ joshuagates @ desttruth @ travelleisure @ travelchannel @ 
i’ve just read up on the show online. fascinating goals of showing how nazism didn’t rise out of nowhere and that there are similarities today in germany. 
one of my sweetest friends around! i enjoy talking to you and seeing you on the tl. i hope things have been going well with your job. also i don't know how you survived the ronpa wait 
nothing i hate more than a disrespectful child spouting off. obviously, he has spent too much time in drama and not enough time in american history 101. maybe he needs to watch the old abc cartoon "i'm just a bill." his pants are too big and so is his rehearsed mouth. @ … 
i find how @ ammallon drapes her stance with the veil of “equity, access and inclusion” to be particularly offensive. people are dying on the streets of cambridge, just b/c they walk or ride a bike. 
we have kick off at the compound. #letsgohvfc! 
a relationship where you can be weird together is the best. 
"now playing on wrjr" thelonious monk - ruby, my dear (join "the wrjr universe" click link below!) 
actually i texted @ shyla_blair to tell her big stieny gave me a nod before the game. i likely will keep my distance though 
n i got way too attached that wasn’t the plan 
my mans. big mac keeps me going 3 days of the week 
start of the 4th quarter 3a substate #7 dallas center-grimes 35 ballard 31 listen live on 1700-am & streaming live at 
the top 4 content promotion mistakes - and how to avoid them … 
hi, melania! it is good for parents to teach their young about god and jesus! #randomactsofkindnessday is also a good thought to spread the word to our neighbors! 
love the way he spoke, wish more guys thought the way he does. 
and as always video games are blamed for school shootings because obviously they are the source of all things evil. anyone who does 5 minutes of research will know this has been debunked hundreds of times. stop blaming video games and start getting rid of the real cause: guns. 
russians too! i think that's why i relate to this movie so much. it's like the irritation and the attraction go hand in hand. 
great day to #optoutside and watch the creeks and rivers flow. @ nature_explore @ hikealabama @ 
you could take the food off my plate too dawg 
florida law you can buy a handgun or an ar-15 at the age of 18 but can’t buy a beer until you’re 21. i’m just saying let’s make sure responsible ppl r gun owners. i know some ppl who have a felony conviction but i think depending on the crime they deserve a second chance. 
delaying the aging brain? #alzheimer #health please 
not sure the council thought this one through [via ] 
the only scene i dont no i dont 
i smoke weed to relax my mind i go through so much that’s why i smoke to kill the time 
the moment you feel like giving up, remember all the reasons you held on for so long. 
look we all have different opinions it doesn't make someone a fake fan if they don't support a ship from the whole fandom 
may be her side fault anything also just 5or10%. but 100%show was collapse.we know canot get any truth fr raisa or juli.they r all expecting to situation to blame ovi.may be the singers like haricharan knew the show was bad. 
is wilson contreras even an everyday player yet? why do we care what he thinks bout the mound visit rule? 
the charlottesville lawsuit that could take down the alt-right … 
not even that, glorification of shivaji means we must also highlight some controversial incident generations after shivaji. such is the success of the pseudo-secular conditioning, that even "rational" people have to do such monkey balancing to show "all are same" 
the reliance on the washington examiner is skeptical 
aye, but 2 wins were in the cup that we got spat out of later. not that good of a start. 
gimme all the @ autopilotshow !! 
|| i always feel bad when i write a person that i worry about them, or they need to chill / relax before they do a reply. just want everyone to know that i think the person behind the screen, and how they feel is way more important than any rp etc. 
brock knows that of course. he has worked for hydra for years. did steve know about the gate on the west side if the compound though? it was forgotten abandoned after the asset had torn it down once. a car can break through it. he has seen it happen before. 
1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. thank you . 
#betteryourselfwith urban dictionary (among others) yes, avail yourself of the proper stereotypes & their origins. that way can b racist, sexist, ageist & homophobic right proper like … 
i can’t tell what’s funnier, adam or city of stars being sung in the background 
“some people run to the altar but i should be running to my taxes refund” @ nicoleseas 
i just voted for miles bridges for the @ wendys #woodenaward. cast your vote here! … 
i couldn’t stand komu getting hurt in "the little match girl," and remembering now her getting hurt (spoiler) in "wanitokagegisu (swimming in the dark)," but i just can’t wait and see what’s been planned. #wedcamp @ wed_camp @ kom_i 
chinese is not an official language, but in a lot areas in pakistan it is the 2nd language of education after urdu in pakistan. 
it's the system stupid … 
it feels like parody, but i've been on twitter for too long, this is the type of stuff that hillary fans say to be sure, i checked the guy's profile, and it quickly becomes obvious: -he's a russiagate nut -he's a #resistance grifter -he's an 8 percenter who hates bernie 
just received mine and it's pretty great, it feels so special in the box! 
the authors are sami tamimi and yotem ottolenghi. yotem is israeli and sami is palestinian. they actually talk about this throughout the book. and the origins of a lot of the dishes. it’s a great cookbook. 
one of the funniest days of my life 
thanks. she’s safely in a taxi home. you’ve saved me from going out the house too. more fifa time for me. #everycloud 
i’m so happy i could cry. i finally get to leave the job that’s made me miserable and have a consistent work schedule and income. i get to gain some real world experience & my own insurance/benefits plan. one step closer to my dream vacation and new vehicle. 
that stuff on the red scare might fire him up – how topical is that now? and give him this graph – see what blair actually did to the labour vote. … (that website is a treasure trove.) 
imagine kids being you know... kids and daring one another to take the fire arm like my god this is so insane 
@ lawrence after all the shootings, especially sandy hook, nothing was done. this feels different like maybe there might be some action. but my fear is what if nothing is done again? what in the world will it take to fix this problem?? 
christian conservatives are the cancer of america 
the coolers are good, they taste like 7-up and lemonade, the vodka itself is nasty 
i just remembered i got paid today!!! now i wanna go play some cards, but the gym is calling my name. 
i'm very interested in thing's like that and i know they're celebs etc but bloody hell the build up was quite embarrassing 
2/ to place the burden on teachers, administrators, & children because politicians refuse to deal with this societal issue is unconscionable. it’s time for sensible limitations on weapons of war & bckgrnd checks. 
what #music do you use to help you through tough times? here's a beginning list. please add to it in the comments section of the post! thanks 
another @ acurisglobal awards ceremony in the books #squadgoals 
i think i have the video, i was dying (of love) .... i don't want to cry tho lol 
thanks!! we will!! #iheartawards #bestfanarmy #btsarmy @ bts_twt 
bro l don’t like the way you said that 
sadly the taxpayer paid for both of these articles! enough said. 
if you guys think the sun goes down early in the winter now. try an hour earlier! 
driving while swiping in probably the most dangerous thing in the world. #gottadoitdoe 
#lemons who can turn this lemon into lemonade? #puzzleridesbook order or download the print copy 
*kenna says that her father tried to force her to marry a man called renaud. she said she was in tears during the practice ceremony and she> 
i started dying my hair green, and right after i slapped on a big glob of hair dye, i realized that i had put away the blue dye in the green box, and my hair was once again mostly blue. fuck 
filed under "things i never wanted to read on the internet" 
that must be the most uncomfortable way to sit! 
it takes me 6-9 minutes to load into a game, i cant move without my game freezing and my fps is always below 16, is there anything i can do other than quit the game in general? i think that's my only option at this point @ riotsupport 
19:00:01 |temp: 70.6ºf | wind chill 70.6ºf |dew point 63.8ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the se, gusting to 0.0 
learned from #jerryqian #siptalks: "wake up and taste the blockchain": the cryptocurrency market is like a casino... savvy strategy: learn the system/numbers, then easier to take the 95% dips and the 5000% gains :) 
when the teacher say that u got to do a group project 
everything hates me rn what the fuck 
chet and emma back to a finals at state swim.. emma in 50 free and the 100...and chet in the 200. 
i swear every time i see a picture with cap vs a cosmic threat i always think wow he is underpowered for this fight compared to his pals. then i remember he is smart and a leader and can kick butt with the best of them. 
it all looks so much worse on the way back down 
i wouldn't it means you're gonna look like a old fecker in a few years. especially if baldness runs in the family. 
the best way to escape... is this 
to be less glib, the story is that gun companies are in index funds. well, you can buy other index funds. 
cool i'll add you tonight when i get home from work, hunt a diablos with me cause its the worst i've fought so far lmao 
i’m changing my user for the first time in 2 years rip zaynmedals 
sometimes i have random moments when i act like the gr 6 version of myself and i get v scared 
no! we want to see you playing in the ground ..... 
rt @ teslaband: "i got no glory, so i'm gonna give it to you like it is / if you wanna hear the real story / and not some candy-coated lie, come and get it" #fridayfeeling 
spring peepers call for mates earlier in balmy sw nova and @ tomiungerer once lived in the area. 
be the alpha of our group wey. 
medical medium thyroid healing: the truth behind hashimoto's, graves (e-b … #bookslibroslivres #guaripeteonlinestore 
if you can’t define the desire of your heart, then you can’t define your destiny. - @ pastorjohnhagee 
speak for yourself. not the whole nation. not my opinion. 
i seriously can't stand it when someone is freshly outta church and cussin the shit out of me an hour later like wtf 
i like all the subtle gerty faces @ manmademoon #mute 
these companies are sticking by the nra … via @ yahoofinance no thanks. 
my heart completely melted seeing every @ mlb player wearing @ stonemandouglas hats today. sports are not separate from the world, and it’s our athletes that have the greatest platform to change lives. 
uhhh wtf .. its friday , where the drinks at ? 
automatic air fresheners always catch me off guard & scare the shit out of me 
oh yes i spend every minute of my life playing this game!! dude not even! the point i'm trying to make is don't call my content trash when i at least talk edit my videos and all of that good stuff you just slap a 30 second video up of you not talking 
she’s comparing america’s nra boycott to the islamic regime. basically saying if the gov takes away our guns their next goal is to execute us. which i think is a bit of an exaggeration 
i liked a @ youtube video the big update everyone has been waiting for in cod ww2 is here... 
we’re playing #radio in a few minutes on @ alt_360radio , alt360 on @ tunein or on the… 
3/ i couldn't identify the pile from there, and assumed it to be a dead bird of prey. i know nw oregon occasionally sees hawks, and i've seen one on the trees once or twice. i don't understand what's got the robins so interested that they're all staying on the ground like that. 
flyers plate a third run in the sixth to jump in front, 3-2, over the toreros. 
you got the share from kenny! 
so serious about this that i already secure wiped the thing is gonna have the new yog towers is. 
**insert the rest of the lyrics to milkshake here** 
born in rocky mount, nc in 1907, buck leonard prevailed over racial #adversity and #prejudice to become one of the … 
yessir, without a doubt. i would also volunteer to drive a paddy wagon and help build the wall. #maga 
the joker - @ 
why they got @ joelembiid rocking the gohan cut … 
what is it about our godless, “progressive” indoctrinated society they creates hopeless, self-centered people, like cruz, who believe life is a function of time + matter + chance; a roll of the dice; no meaning; no intrinsic; who take others with them when they check out? 
i have so much faith in you, have fun with the fam before u return to the mastapeiceee 
so hillary hacked the election to insure she lost? yeah, okay... 
teachers can offer covering/suppressive fire for escaping students. in military science, suppressive fire is "fire that degrades the performance of an enemy force below the level needed to fulfill its mission". "suppression is usually only effective for the duration of the fire". 
another clue. ones beinging played at lb crazily. the other is a so called cb. 
still not quite sure how i would round off my political views. but i'm pretty sure i would like the ability to say nope you lot fucked up let's give these guys you said where shite a chance. if they fuck up they're getting pumped tae 
im rr e a l ly. im vvery confused and scared this is just the idea doc static //this// is wwhere the eye poems lay static wwhatsg gghghoinh on- 
paramount edited out the part where bourne chokes dude to death. boooo. 
my favorite milk soft serve & pork katsu sandwich were being sold at the tea shop it was invented at 
whenever i have kids, we're going to be first in line for all the movies because i loveeeeeee kids movies 
just imagine , if everyone in the world saw the bigger picture in life . smh . 
maybe, but the loss of money & power will diminish its reach - and maybe even save lives 
syracuse looks good when they go to the hoop and dish, when they settle for threes they look like the jv team. 
the sea of tranquility 
i have! i want the same. i have said it here that many agencies failed to prevent this incident and fail daily to protect kids from their peers who need outside services. it is ridiculous what is ignored, permitted, etc. 
can we make the serenity garden beautiful again? at least as beautiful as it did 3 years ago, if not more? kahit before our batch graduates man lang. haha thanks @ faithcolleges 
@ skochpr what is the school's position on the national student walk-out for gun control on march 24, 2018? 
politic is the art 
my second season covering the pretty boilermakers here at mackey… … 
say #hello to dropbox! their ipo filing is officially in. this provides the much needed data and information prior to their ipo. 
the military, the police, all were infiltrated and then superseded by the wehrmacht, the waffen ss and other nazi apparatus 
nni knew some that had gone to the train station before her; they never came back >> 
and look. i'm not an anti-gmd absolutist. cost aside, i can see the utility in being able to stop a limited attack. but! 10% "leakage" in a full-scale exchange is entering "we'll just get our hair mussed" territory. e.g. even winning in that scenario is a loss … 
i’ve had enough. the fucker needs to move to singapore. 
i did not want to be the #face of #breastcancer; my #story can help others so i #unmasked myself and write raw & honest 
i feel the need for speed ... and badass music! 
the fake typing sounds when you call @ comcast and get a recorded operator, as if the recording is typing. 
nano/raiblocks doesn’t charge a transaction fee i believe. which can cause abuse of the ledger by way of spam or denial of service. ripple|xrp purposely charge a small fee to avoid and mitigate these issues. … 
just an fyi, the @ nra does not sell guns. a gun does not cost less than a book in chicago. an ar15 is not an “assault rifle”. the 2nd amendment was not written so we could hunt or target shoot and if your argument is “muskets” you should be punched in the throat... you’re welcome 
roman reigns alexa bliss (sasha turning heel to cost bayley) matt hardy asuka the bar (revival assault after) 
i can only build like 3 constructs in the length of this whole video 
i struggle to see how the club looks at that game and interview, and thinks hmm he deserves another transfer window and season to show he can do it. 
howdy @ lineman000001 and we are good! cool and just got back from a walk in the woods and holler with dixie. she is now a hot dog without the bun. 
i liked a @ youtube video solo winter survival! minimal gear overnight in a huge snow storm! 24 hours in the 
let me ask you something beautiful when are you going to get on the voice and do your thing can you sing as bad as you look that good and look that sexy and can you sing 
sorry but when did the nra become a protected class? because last i checked they are a lobby organization and as a private company delta has the right to cut ties with them. have fun on the unemployment line when your elections come up! 
i lost myself years ago in the making of making everyone else happy except my ownself 
one photo is missing. the full name of the law firm is dewey, likta, cheatem, and howe. 
so nobody gonna y’all about how they was hitting the bank head bounce in wakanda right before kilmonger and t’challa fought the first time? 
ken holland discusses the tomas tatar deal, mike green's situation: … 
personally i loved the pastel pink but to each their own (honestly though jimin looks perfect with all hair) 
one of the all-timers to wear the uni. … 
shiny geodude in my japanese hg the file where i got my treecko! so i would say it took around 200 res not really counting since this was just a side hunt i did not have a specific target so im pleased to have found this it looks so good 
"let us bring back the belief that the lives of other people, even of our enemies, are a gift from god." in marches around philippines, catholics protest threats to life 
we should all join the nra just to piss off liberals. it’s $30.00 a year or $100 for 5 years! #maga 
when i stand before god at the end of my life, i would hope that i would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, “i used everything you gave me.”-erma bombeck #wolqt 
unfortunately in this case, the criminals run the courts & create the laws. 
shao: i have known the kiplings and zeke for two hours and we're gonna take on the world 
the dream is over 
michael, the party that you represent has been hijacked and has absolutley no redeeming qualities. they hate you because you were their "token negro" and are zero use for you any longer unless you act like you're drinking their kool-aid and they'll still never, ever respect you. 
no no no it's the truth. you're a lot nicer than he is and definitely a lot funnier. 
visit now playing dan johansen - vortex (the defier) 
kushner loses top security clearance … via @ nbcnews this person should never had that clearance in the first place. 
how fast is the universe expanding? new data suggests it's expanding faster than previously thought! … 
typos are the devil 
today is 2018-02-27 04:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i will be a part of the 'wow' on march 11th lets go 
@ gigemlindsey @ birthfit changing the game by disrupting an industry #upnation #movementislife #birthfit 
it's like the old balrog 
you can vote for your favourite finalist in @ thekennelclubuk friend for life 2018 competition at … five worthy finalists. with the winner getting £5000 for their chosen charity. all finalists will appear at crufts, 5.20pm on sunday, 11th march. 
btw totally against the death threats, that's not cool, i just don't think they're above scrutiny. 
"the mass shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school in parkland, fla., has thrust gun rights into the midterm campaign, scrambling traditional game plans in both parties as the debate shifts toward action on firearms restrictions" 
why does suarez not have to turn up on the big stage? zero cl goals this season. 
target thinks the boycott is fine, same store sales yoy are up more than wall street forecast. 
exactly the same. private debt is out of control here. 
i do know the first stretch goals would be to work on a set of illustrated trading cards. first goal would be for just the pens, second stretch goal would be for the metro, 3rd goal would be for the eastern conference and 4th goal for the whole league(2-3 players per team). 
it's february in the midwest, the buds are out, spring is here. in alaska, the ice melts. … 
. @ sencorygardner etsy microbusinesses like mine rely on #netneutrality. i urge you to add #onemorevote to the cra to protect net neutrality. 
the person below loves cervical penetration. 
this.. how are you "giving life" around you? today has been rough but what if i switched the narrative and thought how can i love someone that needs it! … 
giggling and throwing jabs might as well join the rest of the hate trump liberal media 
bryce young and bru mccoy on the come @ buhbuhbru @ _bryce_young @ 
also gave birth to the different races we have 
check out @ eaglecountyso video of the mountain lion . . . … 
who else is battling the elements with @queltheo and myself for the uswnt game?!?!? 
that goose knew tiger was hitting. thought he was safe in the short grass. just kidding @ tigerwoods 
it’s almost been a year since i graduated college.... where did the time go ?!? 
the only reason this administration would be desperate to sell nuclear reactors to saudis is if they could somehow profit personally. will someone please investigate what cushy deal the saudis offered either trump or kushner? how much will trump’s family get as a quid pro quo? 
ya i love the intro 
i think one of the biggest things i realized as i started working on the large scale project that i am is that time spent analyzing and contemplating how to implement a specific feature is just as important, if not more so, than the time spent actually doing so. 
servant of the lenient one specifically 
those who deny there is a humanitarian crisis in venezuela are perhaps looking for mass famine, or vast refugee camps. neither can be found. the crisis exists in countless appalling stories like this. … 
i’m still truly shook as to how the nfl gone try and tell me dez caught that ball 3 years later, like i ain’t know that. what’s next? brady does a lil sum sum with the refs pregame?? 
go with the sword one, it'll give more room to sign 
i. am. absolutely. obsessed with the pg/lebron to phili rumors. and the more i think about it, the more i love it! … 
@ milkovichmiddle scholars gave their donations from our student sponsored food drive to the maple hts food pantry #fooddrive #foodbank #bethechange @ 
asd-w fi lit. leads and the second language research institute of canada provided an informative pl on effective literacy centres. merci! 
seniors... andy strum memorial scholarship due tomorrow! download the app via naviance and drop it off to our office tomorrow 
it’s quite embarrassing when you see certains doing the most for socials lmao we know who you are sis 
the kroger company will stop selling guns to customers under the age of 21, the grocery store chain said thursday. that’s great! but...they sell guns at the grocery store?? #boycotnra #gunreformnow # 
st. john's drivers! stop giving me the right-of-way when it's clearly yours. your samaritanism is going to get us both killed! 
before the night out has began vs. 4am in the morning when the sesh isn’t over 
the ease of it is precisely the problem. requiring a higher skill threshold to kill a score of people it a good thing. i agree, mental health is part of the issue, but deceive yourself into thinking it's the only factor. 
i am beside myself. really, genuinely upset. i fucked up last time and double booked so i had to sell the tickets. this time i didn't even get a ticket. terrible mum. 
why do people think just bc i cut my hair they can touch it?? the rules still apply!! don’t. touch. my. hair. 
i'll be there with the usual suspects... 
told my mom zion call me his love and she goes “so whens the next trip you gotta see him” 
wow what a dumb yet revealing remarks by the one who sold uranium to our biggest threat. wow! 
rainy day post! showing off some work!: via @ youtube 
is it bad that the . @ pardonmytake boys are making me like josh allen? 
#nflblitz at the #combine on in 2 minutes! get your preview with @ marcistook & i @ nfl @ nflnetwork 
and another quick burst by lc, with mills leading the way. the senior g has been really good tonight. mills has a double double with 1:36 left. crusaders up 54-46 
they should change their name as the liar 
rir is perfectly innocent, is his namesake on fb, any criminal item is framing by the monson kolmeyer@groupies, jaxon, and brom, (theoretically speaking, orlando....maybe...so.....weren’t they in nl just this last week and a half? 17feb?) 
@ bts_twt j hope!!! you are number one in the uk!!! im so proud of you cutie!! @ bighitent @ bts_bighit #jhope 
indeed, the great friends are hard to find, hard to leave, and difficult to forget 
you are aware of the facebook documenting all the weird things people are finding in friskies food now? 
wake the fuck do i keep trying to master the art of drawing boobs 
friday feels why can’t every friday night be a sunset cruise in arubawhat’s your ideal friday night?! comment below so i can give your feed some love! check out my latest vlog from aruba through the link in my bio! #thewildflowerwords 
of course. but he’s ridiculously young as well. a year or two in the minors working in that. ohhhh buddy. he’s toinf to take care of y’all well. 
im so glad i rented that nice apartment in the friend zone 
the tory govt pr against nhs and doctors iscounterproductive if public/voters see through it #iff 
how you know you’ve entered the shimmer #annihilation 
@ taylorswift13 whats our plans for the evening yo ? 
the greatest. giant of a man and fantastic human being. the man at the centre of our best ever moment which will never be forgotten 
i hope so...i couldn't shake the bad vibes. i'm a big fan, despite all his issues. prolly mainstream rap's best 100% verified pen, maybe sans jay … 
there will be a little bit, still the system font. 
the world will remember you, now whether that’s good or bad is up to you. 
the ye ali feature on the june album is good as expected 
hello my little dragons! i am live, right the heck now! come visit me #streaming #twitch #gaming #girlgamers @ retweet_twitch @ twitchtvgaming @ twitchretweetr @ twitch_rt 
astronomers detect earliest evidence yet of hydrogen in the universe - emitted just 180 million years after big bang, signal indicates universe was much colder than expected. … 
they performed nobody like you during the summer shout out tour but we still are waiting for them to perform lmolm and tjdky 
scar tissue by rhcp 
@ yfielding @ realkarlbeattie burn the doll #mosthaunted 
so playing dungeon keeper, i've conquered like half the kingdom, raised and trained many powerful creatures, and this arsewipe nobody just gets to show up with a level 7 dragon and i decided to bring nothing. fucking posers. 
hercules & love affair - do you feel the same (purple disco machine remix) 
duterte's ambitious 'build, build, build' project to transform the philippines could become his legacy "unlike... 
so ready for the day i get to come home to a husband and kids and be able to say i have the perfect family! but who am i kidding that’ll never happen 
i gotta get the fuck outta here. 
my fav manager is da bombbbb on the styling tip i’m so proud of her 
some may say i soupenated when i should’ve pronated but i’ll just say the bad ones at atlanta athletic club today are on @ k_kisner! of course the good ones are credited to me and me alone. 
tbh every design has the potential to look good u just need decent art -_- 
i still haven't played the shovel knight dlc, shame on me! xp … 
ummmm @ apple @ victoriabeckham @theotherspices who do i complain to that i can’t buy spiceworld the film in the itunes store 
have you seen the cat crashing a bike in his dreams? 
not ujungs getting mad over people joking around and saying the members are dating 
i liked a @ youtube video terroriser vs moo. who is the king of the carnival? (golf it funny moments) 
a #gift shop from the comfort of your phone 24/7 
the taking time part is where most people will give up on acceptance, but there’s always going to be that time lag between your new calm reactions & your brain getting the right message. 
who is the right person for you? (personality test) via @ youtube 
fellas is it gay wanting to spend a whole life with kang jaehee, living together and making coffee every single day for each other while holding hands and at the end of the day cuddle in bed and whispering into her ear how much i love her? 
i don't really disagree, but i've had this argument with several people who don't like the ending because it rewards the protagonists shitty behavior. i think ending with them headed to jail is a little too dark for this movie. 
the biggest surprise for me is that i figured icahn was way smarter than to hang out with that short-fingered walking disaster 
i think it'd be right up your street given our shared enjoyment of islay. it's got so much of the scotch barrel character 
@ drexelmlax defeats @ marist_menslax 15-5 to get their first win on the season. 
dear diary i'm secretly learning about cut and running from movies like the great escape, secretary and all the president's men. something has to work!! #hopehicksdiaryentries 
turns out ignoring all those software updates over the years means the only two movie files my laptop can play are aladdin and a rifftrax dub of half blood prince 
there have always been pit gun issues, just way more focused on it now 
i think we have a lot in common. first, let's protect kids with guards, locked doors, and metal detectors. then, we can improve reporting on crazies. 18 states do not report to fbi. air force was not reporting. then improve the detection of potential terrorists. step by step. 
not none to many many folk...these are the most trying times in our republic since the constitutional convention. be loving be strong and love those who dont know its not their fault. we are a republic of americans despite our political affiliation. red blue doesn't matter 
харесах видеоклип в @ youtube – „fastest clapper in the world - bonus clip“ 
beautiful woman is one of the world, ugly woman thing only of you. 
those toyota’s seem to have met their kryptonite. the new inspection process. they’ve clearly been busted. 
and the same with things like netflix and stuff not everyone can afford that. so that's why we pirate them. it's cheaper and easier. 
when will predictions start for the next one? i feel like i need to mentally prepare for it after the last. 
"we know were not a finished product and we’re gonna get better so that’s good." -gregg berhalter … 
had to make a whole new discord for the outlaws coz they were using twitter as a team chat haha 
welcome to the aac where you have talented players and a good coach. your reward? a 5-7 ncaa tournament resume in 7 straight appearances. that’s all i’m saying. 
i’m watching @ richeisen run the 40 today for @ stjude! tweet #runrichrun #stjude and join the cause with me! … 
i liked a @ youtube video al1ce - can you hear the stars cry 
you need the xbox chat adapter an audio splitter and a 4 pole 3.5mm audio cable 
time for the billy graham special on fox. 
thanks for everything. every year, beginning of march, i'm living in other world, other reality. carmac, you are the best. 
this year’s ensemble cabaret is this friday night at 7! grab some friends and come to the senior commons to enjoy a night of music from the movies! ticket price is $5, but for students it is two tickets for only $8! see an ensemble member for tickets! 
i've never played the campaign but i'm still enjoying the multiplayer. my cousin and i play it almost every weekend the past few months. 
fintech decoded: the capital markets infrastructure opportunity 
it's nice of you to backup you're boyfriend's stance on things, but saying he has four people in his camp is silly. spencer has a lot of friends and supporters around the world, today won't change that. what may change is the public event track, but we'll see. 
deep man the feedback is wild !! … 
when everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. - henry ford #leadership 
not 100% happy with the color scheme just yet, though. 
sorry, i never saw the movie love actually. i have no idea what that clip is about. 
exclusive: meet the conservative parkland massacre survivor the media has largely ignored … 
good evening! it is 7pm and here is a look at temperatures across the area. #wvwx #vawx 
i dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives. 
ok i can be very creative with the thrift shop bullshit i buy in order to drag up, but i still have no talent 
yeah,the truth is a shit 
new podcast is here! we recap the weekend in houston and preview texas tech. we also share some exciting news for the podcast! … 
gender agreement in adjectives, i guess maybe it's no longer accepted to allow the masculine form to cover both, spectateur/es? 
roman will get in the bed and clap for me to tuck him in when he’s sleepy 
i always get the feeling you could do with seeing some pictures of a plane to help with your designs. note how at the back they have little wings on the tail too, that they handily call stabilisers. they might help to stabilise things a little 
do you think every journalist in the room gets to ask a question? send in someone who doesn't preach and simply asks a question and records the response. you know like they taught them at journalism school. 
they are in florida combing the golf courses and mcdonalds looking for you 
i really love their covers especially catch me if you can by snsd. although i don't follow their activities, i like the group also where's kyla … 
i mean... idk but i just dunno why someone would stan someone who would go through all this trouble to just to make someone feel shit tbh. and i’m still salty about her bringing all the boys into her petty argument lol 
oh wow. which is the father and which is the muther? get me? sick ppl … 
wishin i was at the romeo concert right now 
reminder last date for payment is sat 17th march. if not paid, your name will be removed from the list to give others a chance to go. 
crush your mothers day marketing goals with the power of advocacy marketing - whatever your goal for mother’s day, advocacy marketing can help your brand crush it. #stpromo - 
today is my weekly session of questioning my decision to be back in school for my phd. i feel so inadequate and underprepared for comps and the dissertation process. 
hi megan. my email is fb linked: … phone 805-636-0747 (but i don't hear so well) i'm at the motley a couple times a week (i have the only laminated, lifetime free coffee card for the motley). :) cheers 
i wasnt the only one who can see the price tag and it's $463.67 
harvard punishes christian student group – and you guessed it – for following the bible … via @ skinnergj 
when your fav band starts a second usa tour and forgets to pop over to europe/uk... don’t forget all your fans @ bonjovi @ jonbonjovi lotta jovi love over the pond. 
the swift protocol is a dao-based protocol that implements a universal basic income (ubi) … abstract the swift protocol is an implementation of a decentralized autonomous organization (dao) 
you’re the joke, lil’ donnie the connie. ask conrad black what it’s like to be in prison. you’ll be there soon enough! … 
lmao ok ! don’t tweet me in the morning talking bout yal have the shxts 
insightful (i am not a benedict option person; nevertheless a good interview) christian life in exile | the american conservative … via @ amconmag 
paul is the funniest #tmobiletuesdays + 
hi beth. i apologize for the inconvenience. stores in your area may be temporarily out of matcha but they will be restocked soon! your patience during this time is much appreciated. -bill 
19:00:00 |temp: 57.9ºf | wind chill 57.9ºf |dew point 48.2ºf | rain today: 1.35 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the wsw, gusting to 1.0 
jeff flake (r-ariz.) says senators talk about “tuesday trump” and “thursday trump.” the first is the agreeable dealmaking trump, the second is trump after his base and special interests get to him. per david axelrod’s podcast. 
the funny thing is, it’s true 
pretty nuts that that is the situation we're in now. 
: 2019 ford transit connect cargo van works the crowd at ntea show… 
no... i'm the reaper. 
hazard: couch in the right lane of nb i-69 north of 12 mm. #tristateroads 
bro i was gon record yesterday but i deadass had the beat playing with my phone in my hand and as soon as i stepped up to the mic i was just like "bruh im too tired to do this shit rn" 
@ carlruiz is the most entertaining chef on television. period. 
you don’t see the tweet 
there was no need for poverty in this country. it was an ideology of austerity by the government that the many would pay for the bankers mistakes. tories borrowed money, gave the elite and corporations tax breaks. to make the poor poorer and kill off 120,000 + disabled 
how you feel about the trade 
break out the slow cooker and enjoy this delicious honey mustard @ perduechicken recipe! #perduecrew #promotion - 
how do you know if you’re the ugly friend? 
find the best condo in singapore 
@ marthamaccallum good afternoon! good luck on @ thestoryfnc your doing an "awesome" job on @ foxnews this week...as always! keep up the good work. prayers you and your family have a wonderful and safe evening. stay warm & god bless! #thestory 
burn the stage … 
lol actually teddy loves his gurl i really dont see him and bam taking it outside the house #bbnaija 
in just a moment on @ cbsmiami, details on the gun bill that just passed and @ defede explains why this is a big loss for the nra in florida. 
hmmm didn't think about that...a cool down, nerf the amount of hp it heals by 50%...buff enemy attacks. it's a start? 
@ ivankatrump is being investigated by the fbi and @ foxnews has failed to report it. 
omg, the hair. classic! … 
me gustó un video de @ youtube rewrite the stars - violin/cello version (from the greatest showman) the piano 
me: should i come in later? athe snow is gonna get bad everyone: lol its not even snowing me: (now stuck in the snow and only went in for them to close the store early) 
the actors didn't feel that way about it. they have spoken openly about. shanks backed ben's comments about it up and they worked to make it less uncomfortable for b/c. they did not want to mock something they loved and felt was superior to sg1 production wise. 
by the way, wearing all red for 
okay but it’s so cute how all the donation workers i know asked me if i got the job bc i came in here after an interview one day. 
he never gives interviews. if at all he gives one, the interviewer asks some questions previously greed upon and the interviewer seems to be praising modi most of the time. one tough question asked was 'how do you have so much energy?'. that's a tough one. mushrooms? 
#mtgdom non-rician scriptures {2}{black}{black} enchantment - transmission i—place a +1/+1 counter on at most one target creature. the creature additionally becomes an artifact. ii—destroy all non-artifact creatures. iii—exile all cards in all opponent's graveyards. 
not how many bodies how many she fuck out the crew of sake hood 
not because it’s not viable or a nice relationship or whatever but because i literally cannot stand the thought of rey wasting her time on a romantic arc 
yeeeaaahh i think the original cartoon will remain the best for a while … 
division of the heart 
come check the boi out @ 
mcdonalds in brazil actually thought the best way to celebrate international women's day was by staffing their stores with only females. the men had a day off.... 
but,,, you see,,, the thing is ,,,, ha ragione … 
no...the topic of this entire thread is on creationism/evolution...it stemmed from ken hamm's post...and shared dna among species is evolution...you switched to abiogenesis...which all evidence points to...but you actually don't have a point...just antagonism 
i thought the xbrand tear off into was arch enemy 
head pains fading back of the neck, right eyebrow cheek 
rob, occasions like tonight's cowboy's home game where it was heading for a sellout before all the beautiful rain stopped many of us from getting there might be a good future place to lobby and hand out information about how to petition for a separate north queensland territory? 
for the morning. my day began at 4, so you’re late! 
survivor royale, the best survival game. do you have what it takes to be number 1? 
and represent a loss of jobs. companies that purchase this materials for the manufacture of goods has reprted it may have to lsy ppl of in order to break even. tariff not terrif 
my mom said she would but i'm not sure if my dad will get the tickets yet; if he does, i'll definitely go in a heartbeat! 
i definitely need the motivation, so i’m all for it in any form. 
excuse me, v's color is not that brown, but the picture below is a picture taken during the interview that looks very similar to real skin color! :) 
with two picks in each of the first three rounds that’s what they should do 
thank you #toyota for sponsoring this! south korea just changed the signs of restaurants who sell #dogcatmeat to fool 
look i work so hard on my little films, and i’m super excited to put together the senior video ahhhh yayayayaya 
halloween 2017 emme as chuckie finster from the rugrats @west yarmouth, massachusetts 
if i am the browns... i can't trade for taylor and draft another qb in the first. i'm not a fan of either of those qbs. besides future wr l. jackson 
congrats to @ zach_shupp for making the finals! now finish the deal! #earnit 
my point exactly! so tell me: why do you brainwashed #trumpturds always throw up the clintons or obamas when you have no viable defense for #traitortrump & his actions? that "whataboutism" is so lame & boring. smdh. 
i love it! i've learned so much! the insults have been breathtakingly beautiful and when you all come together it's like watching a masterpiece appear before my eyes! xx 
in season 7 rachel gets pulled over and the police man says she's an aquarius but before states her birthday is may 5th??? 
ridiculous. well, the team might tell mueller, but i donʻt think that is how things really work. is it? 
because the fbi was trigger happy .....twenty five years ago, you're gonna be pissed at & want jail anyone who thinks we need some control over who can purchase weapons of war ... how sad, i'll pray for you 
odell is just passing the pussy to someone else. that’s a great friend. 
they will give you x-ray vision and super strength, but the trade off is you will also have violent shits. 
almost reached the 1000-0 for a 3rd time o h w e l l 
the nature of the #bitcoin wallet is one-use. you won't find thousands of transactions coming into a single wallet, most likely. that said i have a wallet i use that i give out freely on the internet so i'll be keeping that one open. i'm sure there are many schemes, tho. 
dre b has a show on 03/11/2018 at 06:30 pm @the forge in joliet, il 
males are terrible. only worth the reproction process. 
blink blink ❝ huh , you're right ~ ! ❞ there's the happy bunny 
the future is selling girl scout cookies please invent a new nnid for my japanese 3ds or just use my american one... 
i do hate to kill those though, but it must be done. we had a beautiful huge widow once and it hurt to kill her but also can’t leave her with us and the kid running around. i thought about catch and release somewhere but ultimately decided to neutralize the threat. 
the person filming this must be gods favourite … 
ifew is caring for rico because she’s the one responsible for rico’s nausea and puke, the noodles were full and pepper. and then she sprinkled him with water. #bbnaija 
i have no idea what the story is 
that's still only an expression of an opinion, that i proved to him was wrong. wrong because he is appealing to the authority of the climate change establishment, and ignoring the failed application of the sci. method in the agw premises. 
ya boi with the shits 
”when you're serving your soul everything else falls into place.” combine what you’re good at with what you really care about. that’s the sweet spot. when you find that sweet spot, amazing things can happen! #wtm18 
i love scrolling through @ suspiciousnoodl's artwork. watching their avatar's steady evolution is a pretty fun experience. the steady shift of species and specifics; it's kinda like watching one of those "rise of man" slideshows. 
어디까지 보이니 all about the world 궁금한 적 없었니 all about the world 나만 빼고 여기 모두 stop space time of the world - 브아걸 '신세계 中' 
steinem...shut up and go on a cruise somewhere. let some other more significant and effective role model emerge. you and your ilk are part of the reason and problem that we are where we are today. if you were so good, so effective - why don't we have more congresswomen then? 
effortlessly perfected this pimpin' to the neck up 
is the uk becoming a dictatorship? 
nation of intoxication reunion w/ the first ladies #czw #prowrestling #dannyhavoc 
what is the most important thing to you? 
the homie #karlousmiller came to rock the stage!!! #bar18 #wildnout @ karlousm @ wildnout… 
i might have accidentally said tuesday, but the ncaa tourney starts tuesday? why would you believe they would come to st louis and have 3 full days off between games? that's at least a little bit on you! 
@ fullyfocusedmed there is a song that used to play pretty consistently during the third period during stoppages in play, but now it plays during the first. it's rocked out and and kind of whiny. i can't make out any words at all. do you have any idea which one i'm talking about? 
i liked a @ youtube video battlefield 1 trick reload in real life with the mosin nagant? 
veronica is crap. and i love [rec], by the same director. 
omg thank you guys for giving me one of the most amazing and unforgettable days of my life, you were all so sweet and amazing and i’m so thankful that i got to meet you all! love you all!! @ fellowyatt @ jaedenlieberher @ jeremyraytaylor @ imchosenjacobs @ sophiajlillis @ 
today is 2018-03-11 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
today went from the worst day of my life to the best and thats thanks to harry styles and louis tomlinson thank you 
semaine tranquille ! mardi : wolfenstein the new order - 19h mercredi : agent of mayhem - 19h jeudi : crackdown -… … 
@ cashlads @ pleopleozavr @ amorim_qrv thanks for being my top influencers in the last week :) -via … 
’s called accountability & responsibility which we no longer seem to have. blame everything & everyone else. do we ban cars because of drink drivers? no we dealt with the driver! not the car. easy 2 understand @ alyssa_milano #supportourconstitution 
damn, nebraska and penn state got screwed by the selection committee 
the rasmussen reports daily presidential tracking poll for friday shows that 44% of likely u.s. voters approve of president trump’s job performance. fifty-four percent (54%) disapprove. 
and the fucking suit he woree!!! wtff so fuckingg perfect 
stop you always hav the best memes and i always steal them 
they would want the states deciding so they can more easily contest ( the nra that is vs.states, they speak for trump) (kinda like putin). 
sometimes the decision everyone tells you is bad is the only one that’s actually good for you 
the song of my people 
get on board with nirvanna the band the show! … 
i am blessed to be at this point of my life, with all that i got and accomplished. i ain’t got room nor the time for you negative hating ass people. bye 
i got to go see @ sensanders yesterday at the lubbock memorial civic center with lily xiao. a big thanks to nathan clayton because i found out about the event through him. credit for the pictures goes to lily. #bernie #berniesanders 
the shit i think about 
blade 2 american werewolf in london dawn of the dead 2004 the thing 1982 
arrived fashionably late so missed the queues - disappointed with photo op, £120 for 3 seconds with norman and i didn’t even get chance to say hi due to being rushed in and out. spent a fortune on merch though #walkerstalkerlondon2018 #walkerstalkerlondon @ 
i assumed all sports pundits went around spitting at the public in their spare time 
blessed to have so many good graduate students over the years in team paleo. @ chrisatx played a key role in the transition from usf to ut. great to see you paying it forward with next generation of scientists at tamu. long may you run! 
on yeah. i’m really looking forward to this year. i think we’ll surprise a lot of people, especially if the young starters take that next step 
hey! @ miamidolphins what’s the fucking endgame here????? 
i am literally so proud of you and how far you have come. keep taking over the game tay jo!!!! 
“brown responded that the administration was ‘basically going to war against the state of california, the engine of the american economy.’” @ … 
slap this: twan.b ft. uc lil kayla – bullshit (music video): @ twan_bee and @uclilkayla connect on “bullshit”. they don’t have any patience for anyone who brings negative vibes or b.s. energy. if you’re coming with that b.s. be ready to deal with the fire… 
real talk got mine about a month ago now and i'm following the same path lolol! it's just two completely different experiences. 
free video tells the tale how 200+ network marketers were able to make sales for the first time #sales 
teams rpi-skipped by uga to host: duke, depaul, iowa, buffalo, green bay, mizzou, marquette. someone once told me an actual excuse they got from a committee member when a very marginal uga team got in was "it wouldn't be the tournament without andy landers." so, yeah. 
behind the scenes, obama is pushing this anti-trump republican to mount a primary challenge against trump - … - @ dcstatesman 
only been saying this since the day after the election. … 
nah this bitch pulled out “sorry” the board game ...if she dnt get this corny ass game the fuck outta here...matter fact bitch u fuckin sorry 
happy what would be 104th b-day to the late great nascar driver lee petty! his son is nascar legendary driver richard petty! 
on the contrary, women's products are often priced higher for no other reason than being marketed towards women. 
on the road to 100 victory royals with @ wzrdftw on fortnite! stop by and show the stream some support and follow! @ mikemartin1982 @ shoutgamers @ fortniteleague 
@ lloydbanks "i'm increable the one thing i will never do is slip up. that's how you let these bitch niggas a head of you." 
how much did the @ nra pay to have the colossally incompetent @ betsydevosed head @ realdonaldtrump’s commission on school shootings? @ … 
pacific women at the csw2018 side event. empowering rural women @ lani_tago @ 
#blackadderbot personally i thought you were the least convincing female impressionist since tarzan went through jane's handbag... 1/2 
my top two: 1) thelazylazyme: they upload stuff that usually falls under dream pop/ shoe gaze. just really chill. 2) bfm music: they upload electronic music. more eclectic than the former. 
buttery blonde by @ hairshionista on the lovely @ sherramichelle - - - - #miamicolorist #olaplex #loreal... 
money dont make you real nigga it just pay the bills nigga 
i almost saw call me on the plane! i loved murder! the cast!! brannaugh! the costumes! 
lynn, you might be the cutest and kindest person in existence. i am so sorry for your lost. tell me if there is anything i can do for you <3 
get rich quickers have alts and ico's to play with, and those that want to build a peer to peer electronic cash system can. what's happened has given people choice for participation. i'm happy grq'ers have moved out, more space to do the work, plant seeds for cash growth. 
love this blog on #raredisease advocacy by @ anne_bruns: “advocacy, in all its forms, is the most incredible act of service and love that i have come across.” … 
ciall rialaig famine village, an artist's retreat | the irish literary times 
now i know why the dog's ears are smaller than expected 
@ scott_in_worc @ jayrobertphilly , thanks for recent engagements in the last week, happy to have you in my community as my top engaged members :) - shared via … 
20:00:00 |temp: 50.1ºf | wind chill 50.1ºf |dew point 33.6ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the nw, gusting to 0.0 
dave rodgers - beat of the rising sun … 
my sense is @ tgowdysc has been “a good soldier” for the @ housegop and @ devinnunes used him and maybe even lied to him in order to get cleared through the ethics charges and has decided he has had enough. … 
"cry. forgive. learn. move on. let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness." - @ stevemaraboli #quote 
when are the winners picked...??? 
found a transponder snail! the stunning scientific navy unit at headquarters! 
country legends been playing all the jams today 
somi spins and searches up carl she’s the biggest ********* i know including myself 
i liked a @ youtube video the better elder scrolls - tes: oblivion - part 1 
i’ve got interactions of lisa, jisoo and irene, taeyeon yeri and irene, tiffany yeri and irene, sana and irene even tiffany and somi but not hyunjin and chuu and they’re in the same group what the fuck 
red light cameras criminally #perpetuatedeath4dollars. get the facts at follow me (ifb) and retweet our pinned tweet 
the winter instrumental concert featuring all 3 bands and 1 orchestra. fine arts at its best. 
get ready for the return of the queen of hell. ana is going to get her hero asters back. she… 
‘we’re not going on the run!’ #helenstewart #nikkiwade #mandanajones @ simonelahbib 
absolutely, no arguments there! i could also go on rants about historical class e licensing, current class d licensing, and overall lack of consistency and responsivity of the aglc. but yeah, it's the taxes that make it $$$ 
ok we made the melting potatoes as part of dinner tonight and oh my god they are so good 
police got fear when fight back regardless of the outcome, let them that sh**ts with whites … 
i liked a @ youtube video ksiolajidebt plays | among the sleep 
wow the headspace guy wasn’t fucking joking around about the blue sky state of mind. i mean, i knew he was right i just had yet to see it so starkly as the past couple days 
i do not want my follower count artificially-inflated by anybody who is so naive, empty-headed, &/or russophobic, as to blindly believe the most basic claim of the uk govt + presstitute media's #skripal #hoax – that *anybody* is actually ill, at all – without *actual evidence*. 
it only takes one person to change the world! 
found a transponder snail! a tearful farewell: the going merry's last voyage. 
amanda to bri: “bitch it’s due the 21st, oh wait sorry...whore.” 
@ ali_nejad such chaos at the table. grab the bullhorn and tell them to keep the conversations to a minimum of two at a time!!! 
if it's reported it will be blamed on alp state governments, muslims or union thuggery. or it will be spun to the benefit of #fascistlnp. these mongrels adept at rolling turds in glitter, putting them on a stick & selling "popsicles" to credulous voters #auspost 
i have at this point. not necessarily for the book but more story telling than a descriptive analytical thing. mostly just saved on the hard drive so far but i have one thing i am pondering trying to sell for publication somewhere... but it's complicated heh. 
the value changed soo much it’s sad. … 
households should receive fewer pension cold calls from this summer as the government has finally set date ban. … 
fuck the haters 
i'm glad i wasn't the only one who thought it haha 
agree. back in the day the hawks received 2 #1s for fredd young. earl is worth more than young by a long ways. 
fauske twitter weather data 01:00 -11.8c 63 pct 1.1 m/s se , norway 80km north of the arctic circle. 2023wdisplay 
"tweet a retro game you love with no explanation and nominate 5 others to do the same." @ toasty_bd @ realwhchocolate @hbawhiteywhite @ kamaalharris 
yeah why are you at ucla? everyone knows all the cool kids (see: me) go to @ usc 
can’t forget a nice cold one enjoyed with the boys while the wind blows thru ur hair 
can you be nominated as an economic adviser by the rest of the drivers to nascar? seems like you have a better handle on it than anyone else, and you’re the most vocal. 
the flying machine - smile a little smile for me … 
father father father helps us send some guidance from above these people got me got me questioning where is the looooveee 
what’s that got to do with parkland murderer who the fbi , the school administration and the local sheriffs office ignored all the clear signs of a deranged person bent on murdering children and teachers? he wasn’t an nra member. he passed background check because fbi allowed it. 
is the cold war back? maybe. 
the jack johnson series were some of the best podcasts i've ever heard 
his palm holding the length of hoseok’s cock as he sinks down slow, the fill so thick and perfect he can’t help but twist his digits into hoseok’s shirt. hoseok wastes no time in fucking into his tight heat, grasping jimin’s ass so he can slam upwards. every buck of + 
first 20-miler since october is in the books. despite sinking into a hole covered with leaves… 
for some, love does funny things to the brain. for others, it can be a guiding force in life: 
doe advise the man on nothing boy! ah bodaaa 
was happy to host students from hamilton hs west for a tour of the us capitol during #publicschoolsweek. we had a good conversation on trafficking and other issues, and i was impressed with the depth of their questions. i am proud of our schools and all our bright students! 
snapped back into fruition. stay away from the snakes. 
girl, are you watching american crime story on fx?! they are doing gianni versace! it’s so good and creepy a.f. daniel criss plays andrew cunanan. all the characters and perfectly well done. they also did the o.j. trial. it’s so good. you’d love both seasons! 
@ frankerfacez verified accounts and twitch turbo icons for circular coloured dots are the same colour, or very close to. 
@ twitter excludes conservative parkland student @ kylekashuv from the discussion despite his meetings with legislators and efforts toward a bipartisan solution … 
picked edinburgh by 4 and cardiff by 8 so i'll take both winning by 6, perk up the superbru a bit... 
having a headache, is the maddest thing. 
unfortunately due to steam restrictions, the early beta access is only available for pre-ordering on 
sometimes leadership is identifying the better path to take and being able to admit it in the face of naysayers. 
if anyone is debating whether or not going to see all time low live i’m telling you now it’s worth it so so much, i’ve seen them twice now and they’re some of the best nights of my life i highly recommend seeing them 
the discord is full of spiders and i'm dying 
great policy-enjoy the family! 
between the pace and lack of shooting it’s borderline unwatchable unless you’re with a group. the group atmosphere makes the tourney imo. 
little squad wipe just before the rescue. … 
oh no. this is the first one where i am truly stumped. they’re so different 
#saveme200m @ bts_twt one of my favorite mvs finally got 200m. this mv was one of the reasons why i became an army! 
4: did you get noticed during the release? yes 5: have you tried/recreated the dance? i tried to do it once...tried 6: have you been to the golden gopher? nope 7: did you order any of the delicate muscle tees? no they don't suit me :(( 
you mean the failing new yorker? 
sometimes network executives don't know best when it involves quality entertainment. either budget or sponsorship issues could be the problem, but they shouldn't give robot wars fans the finger like this. hopefully, netflix could be an idea for them. 
now that's really interesting! i wonder if similar things occur in languages with different grammars? like, if you were a language like russian which conjugates its verbs for noun class, would such sentences be easier to parse with all the nouns in different classes? 
i have! the puzzles are cleaner and more elegant, but it's missing all the wonder and secrets of original solomon's key, which i once saw someone describe as "the thinking person's bubble bobble." 
my dream miss north carolina and miss america gown came home with me today and i cannot be more excited! huge thank you to mrs. courtney at jewel’s formals for helping me find my gorgeous gown! i also ran into the jamye shaw when i picked up my gown 
a bit of anglosplaining colonialism from robert the fud there. 
shoutout to the sun for amazing lighting 
@ rogerfederer is my idol, again and again he shocks the world. hands down greatest of all time 
nah. he can’t find q-tips big enough to get all the shit out of his ears! 
too bad the luck of the irish camp is shit! 
it is, but by no means is that the cause. 
i know i'm romanticising it as someone who only sees its best bits as an outsider, but i do submit that the thames is genuinely gorgeous, especially in this light 
not a good idea to “piss off” the president, either, sweetie. 
they say sometimes the person who’s meant for you be right in front your face the entire time ... 
friendship is the best! 
can't wait to see the same mothafuckers wearing those "kiss me, i'm irish" shirts to be rockin sombreros in a little over a month. #justsayin #nationalityviaalchoholism 
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 251 #paradiseisland2 #gameinsight 
naughty teen minx fucks the family pool boy … 
you like krishna? achutam keshavam is a blessing then! melodious...didn't know you were a hindu and practice it :-) — thank you, i am playing it now.... the flute in the beginning . i really admire bollywood songs d... … 
we're the famous man united going to wembley 
we the wave … 
wasted time is the worst 
you're right that it's not my intention. it's not about censoring people who have different views, but about making sure people being billed as experts in science documentaries really are experts. thanks for the opportunity to clarify. 
we have a plan in place to protest in colusa county if mueller is fired. follow the link for details … 
not the fa cup if there aren’t replays. get the job done in 90mins if you don’t want them 
on the bright side... at least nc didn't have the winningest season in college basketball history, including playing in ncaa championship, voided by the ncaa. so, there's that! 
raf and “a tradition unlike any other” are doing the game, watch what you wish for! 
huge shoutout to the @ attpalmerpark team today we served our customers and had fun with the people that keep the core running...the people. thank you @ giovanniquiros2 @ jonkennedyjk @ judy_cavalieri @ 
not everything goes well, don't forget that! and enjoy the things that do go well! 
me in the morning en route to a doctors appointment..... 
but then again i too would like some "official" papers that shows the dna tests...so i'm not claiming 100% on this one . 
love or hate the kardashians, @ robkardashian looks so much healthier and is clearly committed to being there for his daughter. 
if i have feelings for you im not gonna hide it. love was not meant to be tucked away under a rock. it is only useful if words are teamed with actions. maybe i should wait til i know its reciprocal but i want to tell the world i love mavis <3 
#thisisus keeps me in tears. i don’t know how they manage to touch every part of my heart and find the weak spot. well done! 
i miss the martin twins so dang much, but i’m glad their thriving else where 
ok will check the temp and another colour, have you tried out the upgrade kit to the 2.5? 
y’all ever be on your phone and you just randomly twitch and your phone flys across the room? no? just me? cool. 
looking for a kelsea ballerini ticket for tomorrow night at the metro. if anyone knows anyone please hmu! 
there’s a difference between the temple knights and the heavens ward. each has their own individual militaries and the former which ser aymeric commands, are chill. but the latter, that answer to thordan, are cucks 
the use of the word buggies makes me laugh! they sound all cute.. then expensive 
carlos, you are the absolute best. i hope to shake your hand someday. or give you a hug. 
woah you’re a property manager @ mhamms in flint michigan!!? i can’t imagine. so you guys can now(as of today) sue the f outta whoever messed that place up? 
one of the major reasons is because of you and other swamp rats to stay in washington so long creating the legislation that you do. it is your fault swamp rat. #termlimits 
boqueria in barcelona is one of my favorite markets in the world … 
more like brooke bond, the tea that dissolves in hot water 
the question is how can we save the world from lhen? 
please #potus go after the pharma companies! stop the lobbyists from lining the pockets of our reps to vote their way! look how many big pharma companies are killing and hurting people and ruining lives! … 
people like this kid, with warped views are actually incredibly and absolutely racist. they just don’t understand why. they grew up in a time when race became a national issue- this time for the wrong reasons: used as a tool to pit americans against eachother for political gain. … 
lucky escape: dramatic police dash cam footage captures the moment officers rescue a man from a house fire, seconds… … 
poll: are you worried about the spate of killings in cebu? 
i’ve never watch an episode of parks and rec or the office. but i want to be in #sfb8 i’ll watch for that sole reason. hahah 
the invasion is getting larger every new day until we renogotiate nigeria. 
the fbi closed the investigation. no charges filed against the woman. on another note, this woman was paid $7.5 million. stormy daniels was paid $130,000. the 60 minutes interview will explain this odd amount i hope. 
2 years ago today i came out as “the shooter is white” 
can't trust anyone who doesn't think twitter is the best social media 
kicking off the first legal innovation & tech meet up in dallas. thanks @ andrewarruda for being 
i can’t call because i live in csnada and don’t have their numbers! but i’ll message all my fb friends in the u.s. and have them message all their friends! especially those in your state. hope this will help 
is jim carrey in an asylum where painting is the afternoon arts and crafts project? 
totally uninformed. spewing the left’s talking points. … 
she is a voice of the victim ,she is making sure the victim is seen as a real person ,a beautiful child who deserves justice. 
sorry for the late responses everyone! i’ve unfortunately had a lot on my plate lately! i hope you’re all enjoying your day!! 
@ cerritosfalcons baseball drops fourth straight close game, this one a 2-1, 11-inning setback against host @ eccwarriors. the teams will square off on thursday at 2:30 p.m. at kincaid field. 
wind, take me with u, but don't abandon me at the end 
i think i just discovered why i got sick the other day after eating, and i am about to have more from the same batch, so this will be interesting... 
save heimlich!!!!! my seven year old is currently protesting in her room because i told her the bad news. bugs land was her favorite part of our trip last summer. 
junhwan and double b. the superior ships of the ikons. 
we are begging the gop to stop being complicit spineless power hungry traitors. change now or you will will be charged once we hit the voting booths. writing is on the wall. wake up gop. impeach trump and save yourselves 
the tick on amazon prime 
wisdom is the principal thing therefore get wisdom. in all thy getting get understanding. 
gosh i could just smack those goons for the torture and bullying they put trevor through ugh #ppspdspot @ msreegjp @ jp_library @ suehellerjp 
it was a long time ago and i don't remember all the steps. even after i said delete, it said it would be available should i change my mind. to this day if i click on a link to fb page, it tries to get me back. fb is insidious. try here. … 
had both m+f morgan & trying for chrom now. got a much better morgan (m) copy. which i’d hoped for but chrommmmmmm come hooome! the game got my hopes up with that pesky 4* roy animation lol whyyyy 
sure that’s a brilliant strategy for 2020. take $ out of hard working american pockets. brilliant. solid platform. maga how out of touch with the american people are the left? bizarre. 
it improves the ability to think of older people and slows the progress of #alzheimer 
who knew that the figurative hungarian word “soros” translates into the literal american word “mercers.” … 
prepare to be entertained, spokane basketball fans. the @ spokanearena will host four of the nation’s most enigmatic @ ncaawbb’s teams this weekend in the ncaa tournament’s spokane regional 
i assumed the graphic imprint to jimmy served the purpose... 
happy 48th bday to the man who overcame the public school system failing him to become the champ of podcasting @ 
rediscovering the universe :d … 
life hack: looking through @ junkbanter ‘s instagram will take you from a terrible day to glowingly happy. never underestimate the power of food porn 
my brother the beat maker and that. listen to aberrations by the black orpheus or ur a bum … 
the replies fajjabxvd 
ok time to keep going on my dgm reread to complete the reading pandora hearts and things that pandora hearts reminded me of journey and can i just say i actually really love the art at the beginning. like hoshino's art now is amazing obviously but early dgm art was also so good 
march for our lives: an act to protect & save your children - sign the petition! via @ change 
are you kidding me? the only challenged he was....was melanin 
ill be there !!! worst case ontario, i take the bus 
i once considered being a palm reader. on one hand, i thought i might make a fortune but on the other hand, i couldn't really see a future in it. 
of course he greets her casually— as if he hasn’t been presumed dead for a while. ❝yo! wassup, mona!❞ palm waving towards the petite female. 
μου άρεσε ένα βίντεο @ youtube bmw m8 gte: “the most determined race car we have ever 
i got an email with a phone number to call to reschedule but it’s not working. my train was cancelled #2155 boston to ny. i need to reschedule for later in the day if possible 
he has a little jazz group that plays in la all the time in los feliz. i’ve seen him a couple times. his sax player (who has since passed away) was unreal. zane musta 
changing timing of harvest in the grape industry. for one. over to you champ! 
walking around the new hood with ruby at the (tail) end of the storm. #springstorm #snow… 
its not that i'm not troubled by mf's performances. i'm more frustrated with the journalistic approach that smuggly assumes it has him squirming but clearly after 2 years rehashing questions, doesn't and is a cut and paste job of a pinned thread from an internet troll. 
your question is thought provoking. for me what it comes down to is a sense thar order must prevail or the bad guys win...which is injustice. i cannot abide systematic deceit. 
just screamed mcr for the past hour. rip 
couldn't agree more. uni was full of bullshit. happy i dropped out. didn't learn anything that maps to the real world 
aidan is the bane of my life sometimes 
when r we getting the alone video miss 
seeing people's reactions to vr experiences is one of the reasons we continue to be passionate about creating our ancient history vr content. love the idea of the @ bbc's #vrbox to get more people to try out the incredible tech. … 
and now i am just going to share all the other gifs i love 
an hour before the @ clarkcountysch board meeting about the proposed gender-diverse policy, there’s already a crowd outside the auditorium. 
quick work,13-0 he quit, we 1-0 next victim got mariota,little does he know i got hella practice keeping him in the pocket,this’ll be quick too 
i started the game ultratron … 
sages improve to 7-0 after beating oakwood 14-3. @ sagesbaseball was led by wileaver who had 4 rbi’s with a double & triple. wittig got the win. he allowed six hits and three runs over four and a third innings, striking out three. #gosages #flythem sages host westville on 
i won the times 5 multiplier achievement in ultratron for 21 trueachievement pts 
so this dude i'm not mentioning in the probably-futile hope of not showing up in his self-searches seems like kind of a dick, huh? … 
bolton as a war hawk and regular fox commentator was a great critic of our national security apparatus but as its director will be an absolute disaster. for america it's like grenade practice where somebody got mixed up and threw the pin with the grenade still in his hand. 
it’s nothing more beautiful then people who have the same vision as you the bro sent the beat n didn’t ask for money ain’t ask for a ticket nothing he simply said make him proud 
i haven’t even seen the first episode yet and i’m already voting for @ eurekaohara 
it's the gd white house - $31,000 is not that out of line. in fact it's not bad in context. replacing curtains in a room at wh could run $15,000. always drama 
i just saw a loyola player execute a “face guard” box out. he didn’t get the rebound, but his man sure didn’t. that’s why they are still playing. 
guessing the guy couldn’t have it his way. so dumb lol … 
weird power outage in the mailroom and i want itttttttt 
@ theyoungturks @ cenkuygur @ anakasparian won't be able to get to the jared kushner story today. who thinks that if it was russia instead of saudia arabia that they wouldn't lead with the story in the first hour #tytlive 
no owen is attempting to save the country not just the labour party! 
a big ol’ nothing burger across the stat sheet for ol dragon again 
just got home from nc. went down to get away from the snow. two days after arival it snowed. just my luck, went out and bought a lottery ticket, didn't win with that ether. 
watch the agenda live here on twitter: fri., mar. 23, 2018: politics in the age of data-mining; on hubs; week in re… … 
dubstep is like pizza. when its bad you regret the whole situation and wish youd gotten something else. when its good you think its all youll ever need in your life ever again. 
yes! i am internally panicking and the pain hurts but it's pleasurable!! 
you could win the lottery, destroy a series and just pretend that season never happened #dansdead #thingsroseannetaughtme 
direct insults of rural people demonstrating lack of knowledge and awareness- strike 2, descrimination and ignorance. btw, arran is home to excellent whisky, soaps and mustard. woolly jumpers come from the aran islands off the north coast of ireland! 
don’t make a sound while you watch three a quiet place clips: the #horror thriller opens in theaters on april 6 the post don’t make a sound while you watch three a quiet place clips appeared first on … 
today’s show one i definitely won’t forget! things went a bit wrong (the show being stopped after the first dance) it was still the most amazing show! let’s not forget the audience participation part of course my favourite part with alan! @ otimabuse @ ianwaite @ mariusmabuse 
they could put some cauldrons of boiling pitch above the entrances 
go “beneath the dark crystal” at boom! studios boom! studios the dark crystal jim henson 
@ cathynewman he « gotchya » once, what i am saying is that @ jordanbpeterson will get you again !!! (i can already see the thug life videos) 
look shordy chill on me if you got beef wit my ugly ass just spazz on me in the dms 
we will be watching alot of #ultra20 on #youtube. and watching for updates from #wondercon! it's a full weekend hanging out on the couch. 
also do you see what i’m seeing 
i kinda wanna see the band...show the band! #rockchalk #ku 
i just wanna know where the proof was that he actually pulled the trigger ?? #aaronhernandezuncovered 
thanks for the thought 
i think at the end of the day that division was not something that was really fomented by the characters in the movie. there were outside pressures that created that division. and they ultimately want to be back together. 
and the older black lady was unbothered as fuck 
i would be grateful if you could show me the ropes. 
hi well wishers !!! i received my yali network membership card and am motivated the more to give back to my society. 
"ghouls are really scary, i don't know much about them, except the things that the ccg says~." 
so, while the dutch/belgians were painting scenes like this - which i love - were the southern europeans doing the same, or still focusing on sacred paintings primarily? 
the xeno'jiiva is super weak to poison 
skddkdh please javik is the funniest character in mass effect 
here begineth the lesson. this lesson is called "666-6th seal, 6th trumpet and 6th vial" part 2- i hope you enjoy and learn. father, bless all who follow this lesson with wisdom and understanding in jesus yeshua's precious name. amen 
2) part of the oath to the military is to protect against foreign and domestic threats, which includes our own government. that is why the founding fathers put that into the oath and why we have the 2nd amendment you little sheep. go away & let the wolves do the talking sheep. 
it's the worst refereeing decision i've ever seen tbh 
i'm out at a club and couldn't find the primary sources at short notice so i let ellis make my argument for me haha 
feel for oz media today. so quick to attack other sporting nations on the slightest whim. now their cricket side blatantly cheat -including the captain - and try to hide it. i’m sure they’ll rise to the challenge and find a way to make sure it was all south africa’s fault though 
to point the fact that she is not a conservative? 
this. from the man who lies. 
the people in ireland that knew you loved you all along but the rest of the country now loves you as well, please please come back next year. you made this series for me with your true & genuine critique. you educated us in music and girl can you wear glasses 
mueller has the "proverbial" licence to steal. sessions can stop this farce with a second special council, one that indicts mr. mueller himself. 
the definition of chogiwa 
dude what the fuck a penalty 
the old system benefited the top teams more. it gave the top 2 finishers 2 tries to get to the final. this way they only get one. as for the first part of your statement if you want more team to have the benefit of reaching the final stage , as i said before why don't we just use 
#blackadderbot i think i'm on the point of spotting the flaw in the plan. but do go on. which pages are they? 
it cost $130k to shut her up, what did it cost to get her lips flapping? for the interview, i mean. #stormysunday #stormydaniels #donaldtrump @ stormydaniels 
to my niqqas at the westfrontside lol 
ok i am 20 minutes into the new queer eye and i have already decided they are going to fix american masculinity tom was so lonely and now he’s happy 
such a pleasure to see you! i loved the cinematography session too … 
wtf pregnant woman working the pole 
boy. you puttin on for the city … 
why didn’t you invite me to the party then 
@ kevinoconnornba if you could pick the next head coach for the bucks, who would it be? i'd love to see what fizdale could do there. 
you'd better be buying the popcorn after last week 
it's not too late to register for the bgsg field trip in new orleans--black geographies past and present: a visit to the whitney plantation and the black geographies city tour. monday, april 9. promises to be excellent, so sign up now via the aag website! 
not every form of release is healthy. and our fandom has a disproportionate tendency to allow and at times outright encourage severely unhealthy or dangerous behaviors. artists like my husband bear the worst of it, getting sexually harassed/threatened several times a week. 
mg the split second that he looked at the camera felt like he was looking directly at me. i can't. @ bts_twt #danisharmy 
swordfishing's most innovative tactics from around the world - sport fishing 
what is accomplished from buyers trying to push sellers to give occupancy early when they agreed to a date when the purchase contract was agreed to? 
ok so i just woke up from a two hour nap and i don’t know where anyone is and the sky is an unusual color right now so it feels like i woke up in the twilight zone and i’m very confused 
the person below would just drink cum if they could. 
toca shadowplay aí, the killers 
millie bobby brown repped march for our lives in a big way at the kids’ choice awards 
here’s how much #rockchalkjayhawk means to my family: the fight song was the last song played at my dad’s funeral. the church organist was ... confused. my mom was like “play it peppy! it’s a fight song!” the opening music, by the way, was vivaldi. 
#theboobmovement sounds better to me when the tweet goes. "love your damn titties girls! its yours not anybody's, keep them looking snatch with some nice clothes on. dont put your fine ass titties out for them niggas to see before u gain some confidence " 
my boss just made me roasted in the oven with a lil olive oil and garlic and carrots #yummy - she used the frozen florets 
today is 2018-03-26 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i can't over the new promo for the body lava 
easily the best tekken game in my opinion. easy to understand, little to abuse, solid roster of decently balanced characters. third time's the charm. 
darn it- just like the inauguration. 
author, don't give your character a magic get-out-of-jail ring and spend the rest of the book explaining why it shouldn't be used. i get that it symbolizes avoidance of responsibilities, but it kinda ruins the narrative. 
rapper dmx counting on rap to beat the rap at his sentencing: a lawyer for dmx plans to use… 
ohhhh jezzus christ all mighty, what a photo!! the tears and all!!! lighting, juxtaposition!!! oh oh my!! 
then i'll see you on draft day when the browns make the final call 
i'm glad i work from home! was worth the wait, fellow emporian! … 
the 4 senior beagles pulled by a shelter friend. please donate for their care on our website donate button they are going to need lots of extra vet care … 
now i feel things so deeply and get really empathetic especially when it comes to the people i care about the most. it really fucks up my day sometimes (today for example) 
i just earned the 'never enough noodles' badge on @ untappd! #neverenoughnoodles 
expose a toddler challenge. #pubquiz tuesday... one who believes zim can have bullet trains / one who wears a scarf in sweltering heat / one who sleeps on the job or one who believes a rock can leak diesel to solve economic crisis 
social change as a platform (scaap) "the nonprofit world will have the potential to enact social change on a scale previously unimagined." people are worth it and its not to late! great article on leveraging platform technology 
do we see the undertaker tonight... 
that’s right! haha my bad. but yes! i do remember the pics :> 
i vote for @ mpinoe of @ reignfc for @ nwsl goal of the week! vote … 
we are live with halo 5! i've never played so watch me fail the whole time #supportsmallstreamers #supportallstreamers 
the perfect solution to the resolution. … 
no disrespect. i bump carter 2 all the time lol 
why is happiness the hardest thing to find 
it’s ok b.b. dinner makes me feel the same way 
today is 2018-03-27 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
talking about teams after free agency, and the eagles being #1 is still valid. 
some people don’t understand the skin they are blessed with. i love being tanned but guess what i can only use it once in a blue moon because i have eczema. call me casper the pissed off ghost 
the only problem i see is the lack of conservative candidates. very concerning. 
the money. … 
how do you want to name the new one now... 
me being naked and tired after going through the nick jonas tag on tumblr 
watching the spanish dub of kakegurui and i can without a doubt say that the same 6 people have been making the spanish dubs of everything for the past 30 years 
moral of products liability law: lets just take the warning labels off everything and let natural selection sort itself out. 
i’m so very thankful for the consist people in my life y’all the real ones 
@ denice_stonee thanks you vere much for following me @ wartown508 will you go follow my 1st twitter of me its @ juan2wartawn508 ok thanks you for the support have fun with my music links thanks 
i promise to always give you, the realist, the rawest, side of my heart—i promise to never let you down, but never when i lose myself trying to save you—that’s where i’ll always cut ties. if i find myself emptying my heart trying to always save you, i’ll always choose me. 
it's a crazy feeling when somebody who you love unconditionally, somebody with whom you only want the best for, somebody you'd do anything for, could cut you out of their life like you were just an anybody. 
i won 3 achievements in trials of the blood dragon for 101 #trueachievement … 
the simpsons had a similar theory a very long time ago 
totally agree. i think of twitter as entertainment- not education (for the most part). couldn't recommend this one enough for anyone looking to enter the markets. 
i used links from credible sources, one a left wing news station and you still refute them. the obama administration gave money to our enemies. that’s a fact. the only argument you have left is to tell me cnn is using fox talking points? pathetic. 
just received this wonderful item in the mail from @ wweshop ! @ wwetnafigures @ grimstoyshow 
i’m thinking about all the other shit i could’ve done with this money 
quite the comment. fully support it. … 
a3: our school uses . they update texts all the time and the kids love it. so relevant! #tcrwp #sbpdchat 
check your notifications from the #foojiapp to continue your entry haven't downloaded the ios app yet? get it now and turn on notifications: 
i'd be okay with profit sharing my private data. like ok facebook you can sell the fact that i like to eat grilled cheese sammies on tuesday to advertisers, just give me a lil kick back. 
@ jefftufts4 any way i can watch or listen to the game? 
if you never had a signature at the end of your text you too young for me 
somehow this franchise managed to select personnel that won lombardi trophies in the past. other teams do it. if it’s not working, change it. 
that's who i'm proud of. the select few that wanted to be dicks but chose not to. 
these 10 (100% naturally sourced) elements have been molecularly charged through a patent-applied proprietary manufacturing process to positively influence the red blood cells at a molecular level inducing increased osmotic pressure and intra-cellular homeostasis. 
now's the time for oyster loaf! … 
retweeted derrick johnson ( @ derricknaacp): the census must not serve as a mechanism for diluting political power of african-american communities or depriving them of their fair share of federal resources... … 
dad who lost son to illegal immigrant blames the media and cali. dems -- and he’s naming names … 
joey, but it would be accidental because he didn’t read the choices correctly. … 
have you tried the frickle burger yet? it’s pretty frickn’ good! #friedpickles #frickles #teddys… 
thanks for the love! 
#readyplayerone could’ve been the pagemaster 
weird cause the earth is definitely over populated 
it hit 70 and all the africans of silver spring cake out to party lol when is @ straight_sass_ coming so we can party in little ethiopia? 
big opening day win for the atl braves sure wish my cardinals would have won 
back intact from the con, but will our heroes be after facing calamity? #masksrpg #actualplay 
just the yoyogi shows i think. but osaka and nagoya were during winter break so i wasn’t here. i did manage to have the pleasure of hearing orange though =_= 
i’d like to thank my question of love course for helping me understand a lot of the literary references in blue is the warmest color 
i've tried, i don't think they know. only city and county stuff have designated days and times. i love all the $$$$ we are spending airport! 
damn it...and magic johnson was about to tell a great story on the espn broadcast...stupid dp! … 
the business casual avenger, pt. ii really, i just don't feel like changing after work... live 
and even though i do periodically partake in it, the levels people push themselves too are wild.... 
nuremberg demonstrated that the "following orders" claim does not mean you aren't a war criminal. 
you mean tuning the g-string back to pitch? 
back in my day we called a keto diet the aitkins diet. 
@ agjeffbsessions why? what’s stopping you? did rosenstein who is a highly suspect convinced you otherwise? there is plenty of evidence. you will do a great disservice if you think the doj can investigate itself. doj lost credibility. it’s corrupt in the eyes if most americans. 
the beginning of the end of anitwitter. … 
evening skip on the audio #webcam :) #cbradio :) 
i won the i'm on a whole new adventure achievement in sea of thieves for 15 #trueachievement … 
happy birthday to the keps!!! 
hi @ sp4joelleeyork! thanks for the follow! i just wanted to send you a quick video and say "hi!" 
i won the hell hath no fury achievement in the walking dead collection - the telltale series for 75 #trueachievement … 
you’re the cutest 
i liked a @ youtube video the smallest jumpshot triple 
i won the swappy mcswappington achievement in letter quest: grimm's journey remastered for 8 #trueachievement … 
sorry for the late post...just saw this. the 29th was actually vietnam veterans day and we did post a few things to recognize that... but a day late... here is the... … 
bbk conditions at 19:59 est: temp: 47 f, dewpt: 40f, pressure: 29.83 in-hg, wind gust: 11.0 mph from the nw, daily rainfall: 0.02 in 
double the sweetness = amalin + 
the common enemy of all religious disciplines is selfishness of mind. for it is just this which causes ignorance, anger and passion, which are at the root of all the troubles of the world. 
i won the shelter skelter achievement in fortnite for 72 #trueachievement … 
relevant again for the kids getting vip … 
dear, libby brownlow 3/30/18 i hope you do not get misguided by the information that comes out of the mouth of this 12 year old 4’8 mexican girl. she has no facts to back it up and is notoriously known for bullying. sincerely, your caring friendly pal kry 
today is 2018-03-30 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
actually, i believe king would fit in well with the locker room. 
how your girl is in the car when she tells you to pick where to eat and you pick wrong. … 
"suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin; neither say thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore sh..." ~ecclesiastes 5:6 
this new anthroprophh biscuit's kicking the fuck out of my living room, another 5 mins and i'll be naked dancing like an excited sniffer dog begging for a tennis ball reward. it's their mental health i worry for though. 
nahh, it was colette's convincing acting that made the difference. 
the man with the gold top gun #cowjamesbond 
fights: 21 wins: 21 anthony joshua is the ibf, wba (super), ibo and wbo heavyweight world champion. #merrybet 
hi there. thanks for the heads-up. sometimes content gets temporarily removed because of licensing changes. hopefully we'll have it available again soon! let us know if you have any other questions /dn 
no major changes for the revs … 
lax accountemps salaried professional services staffing executive: job requisition lax accountemps salaried professional services staffing executive location ca lax job description job summary the staffing executive is a very unique role within rhi,… 
the classic bounce up and down and yell the lyrics in a hot sweaty room club 
windows device driver developer: windows device driver developer santa clara, ca full time position job description: software engineers who will be responsible for the design, development and integration of device drivers and software on intel mobile… 
that’s the best april fools i’ve read yet 
i don’t understand why a team would shift on freddie and leave the entire left center field gap wide open 
our relationship isn’t even something i care about at this point in my life. which is fucked up but that’s just how the cookie so happens to crumble these days. 
happy birthday to the dad of all dads and one of my best friends! hope it’s a good one jimbo. love you bro @ 
there is no need to overcomplicate the message. 
the future 
moe wagner and jordan poole are not to come off the court 
i see why these names take off. i guess it appeals to the younger audience which rocket leagues viewership has a large majority of. just makes me cringe a little inside when i hear them and i don't think it's good from a professionalism standpoint haha 
>you and ryoji spent time meandering around the city… 
and jimmy buffett just took the stage - peace 
loyola is falling apart, either setting up an incredible narrative or just the crushing reality of the world 
i'm sure there are many well-meaning people in mississippi as well ( i lived there for wayyyyy too many years) but i will never defend them nor shed the scarlet letter of living there. it just comes with the territory. life isn't always fair. good luck ridding ia of king. though. 
today is 2018-03-31 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
you don’t understand i don’t have any patience for dudes that put their hands on women .. none! the women in my life know.. i’ll be their sonny corleone johnny on the spot if necessary ... 
i won the faithful heir achievement in final fantasy xv for 102 #trueachievement … 
sometimes (actually most times) i just wanna clout ignorant people in the head. 
the meaning of the original tweet is not the same. jesus' statement was figurative. anne said it was literal. 
what are the cons apart from “cold”? 
had the 1st pick in my baseball fantasy league - took jose berrios. someone commented what a stupid move it was. jose pitched a complete game shutout today. 
does the article break down immigrants by legal/illegal as well as by country of origin? from a cursory glance it appears it does not which would make it an incomplete study at best. 
have you ever wanted to do all the things in a relationship ... but not put the title on it , becuase same 
link the track pulease!!!!!! 
i won the ghost-ride the whip achievement in dead rising 4 for 147 #trueachievement … 
obj does the same. niggas passionate. tom brady do it no one says anything 
and the saddest fear comes creeping in, that you never loved me or her, or anyone, or anything. 
i’m so done with the whole love triangle thing. they’re about to kiss n i bet the girlfriend is gonna be watching and she’s gonna cry or something 
i’m thinkinking of doing the same justin. 
gloves in clean hands too. that is japan. japan is the best country in the world to use gloves. 
i checked the futures after china announced the latest tariffs and then told myself: “hey, it could be worse. i could be a bitcoin trader.“ real assets didn’t lose half their value in the last month 
“i’m excited.” the omega leans into the touch, pressing a sweet kiss to the alpha’s bonding mark. humming softly as he leans back. “it’s still a little scary; can you believe it’s happening to fast?” … 
im taking the mrt to school geng and im early :") 
louie vega, the martinez brothers - shut the door (tmblv main mix) 
the new scare word, 'caravans.' it will probably work too. 
i won 3 achievements in the witness for 244 #trueachievement … 
#blackadderbot as far as i can tell, the message was he's got a terrible lion up his end so there's an advantage to an enema at once 
i won the souvenir from the nürburgring trophy in gran turismo sport for 30 #truetrophy 
yes yes indeed.. nobody gets in the white house unless aipac approved. they are very involved... too involved 
dude in the back set him up. they had beef the day before. he nodded to ole girl for the go ahead sick asf 
you’ve been arguing w her for tiiiime fam i seen the whole thread just leave it 
1 minute guys get ready to tweet @ adamlevine @ blakeshelton @ kelly_clarkson and @ aliciakeys durning the show 
of course they are! let's invite putin to the white house. 
what was going on in the first picture 
if you’re a nra member, the left will call you “complicit to child murder.” if you’re a racist, murdering communist, the left will call you “controversial” … 
u14 and u12 jr vreds tryouts begin this sunday april 8th. u14’s from 4-6pm in the rec gym at the currie center. u12’s from 5-7pm in the lb gym. tryouts for these two teams continue on april 10th and 12th. 
wanna give a giant shout out to @ thattechshop for sponsoring me get your computer accessories, grips, chargers, phonecases even stickers use the code headhoncho09 and get 20% off #smallstreamer @ twitchsharers @ twitchshare @ twitch_sharer @ twitchsharer @ retweet_twitch 
the reaction i get when i play or send my friends @ scottyatl’s new song #ratchet is pretty priceless. 
it wss the funniest thing ive seen on tv in a long time, i hope its on for another 10 years and i know its already got a 2nd season 
#signsyoureonabudgetvacation you're eating bologna sandwiches in the parking lot of the amusement park 
possibly what you say is correct. i suppose you could say i’m “christian”, but i don’t practice organized religion, so i can’t really speak to that. i was raised catholic, but saw the treatment of of my mother by the church when she and my dad divorces when i was 14. 
one thing i'm loving from the sox so far is running up the pitch count of the sp 
this woman is walking around downtown with a bald chuckie doll in her backpack straight looking like it was dug out of a grave. i’m halfway convinced it’s the real chuckie. 
of course ers still prescribed opioids, but i think the point here is that a lot of people with #chronicpain get turned away as drug seekers and treated with suspicion. and to the larger issue of an increasing restriction on opioids 
stormy daniels' attorney is asking the treasury department to release information it may have about a $130,000 payment the porn actress received from trump's personal lawyer. 
screw the scale: why the term "weight loss" needs to disappear! 
@ carlyeicherr i’m scared of the thunder wbu 
ready player one... stoked af – bei amc indianapolis 17 with imax 
on 03/04/18 at 22:45 the river level was 3.74m and above its typical range. 
hate the fact that when i get rlly sad i pinch myself because i’m left with little bruises like on my fingers and arms with no explanation when people ask lmao 
that part where she ran to the car is funny maan but sadly this looks staged. 
what! and the seagulls get off scot-free! no justice! 
@ afneil surely your claim to be impartial is now unimaginably empty? how can you even pretend to see both sides of the argument when your personal agenda is as clear as it can be? … 
america's unique institution: how to make the most out of alliances 
now the #larams need to get their edge rusher and i strongly believe @ uchennan_42 would be a great fit in wade phillip’s … 
pinoy graduate shares the stage with katy perry, teaches her filipino words - 
i hate that people wanna ruin someone’s shine because of shit said a while back... let the man shine … 
not arguing that at all but the eto was a european war. as a result, it took time to get americans, who were inclined to isolationism at that time, to get involved in a foreign war. 
hamas is a political party. any criticism by western media that it is “just a terrorist group” or “isis-like” is as fraudulent as possible. it literally is the anc model 
law of attraction: when you truly want something go after it without limiting yourself with disbelief, the universe will make it happen. trust the process 
arrive on a 'uninhabited' island via a tsunami-proof hotel room dragged by a ship, disembark and, if you want, fight virtual dinosaurs in an 'augmented reality game' ...welcome to the future? … 
deontay wilder eager to make fight with joshua official: deontay wilder, the world boxing… 
using kids' lives as bargaining chips for a pointless wall that he promised someone else would pay for... thinking trump is capable of anything more than seat-of-the-pants strategy is just stupid. there's no plan people, every day and action is as surprising to him as it is to us 
my baby daddy is the best 
being the girlfriend of a guy who works third shift is some rough stuff. 
#nowplaying "doves in the wind" by sza, kendrick lamar on @ 
the kings didn't trade up 
i won the blissful trophy in far cry 5 for 65 #truetrophy … 
i need to be the center of attention. look at me. 
yeah he liked the bbc 
lol what’s the wrong pair … 
i feel lucky to have had the pleasure of meeting you both and looking back on the experience of meeting you guys, the influence definitely shows. thanks for making a fan feel as appreciated by you as you are to them. 
i won the online champion trophy in motogp 17 for 37 #truetrophy 
@ ghostrecon could rocket launchers be added to the game? 
that short term pain is going to last through the mid terms. timing is everything. 
people certainly use the words “trump” and “civil rights” in the same sentence fairly often 
bae the realest nigga alive, i'm convinced. 
#8: make trouble: standing up, speaking out, and finding the courage to lead--my life story 
i never thought i'd hear the name agnes in a rap song … 
the bs he pulled on mete in preseason got him sent down. i think that message was sent. 
members of the shreveport city council consider signing a non-binding memorandum of understanding with gateway development consortium for a mixed-use water front property. … 
how you know the story is gonna be a good one 
this ballet is so amazing. the costumes. the music.... 
vatrano plucks puck away from vatrano top of crease, tucks in backhander for 2-0 lead. bruins have been outscored, 6-0, in the sunshine st. 
you never really relate to the saying “beauty is pain” until you’re getting your eyebrows threaded 
@ poole_mhs is it too late me for me to enroll in one of the 2021 officers i couldn't go on wednesday because i was too busy and had to re-tale a test 
these maternity pictures better have been worth the pain i’m in now. 
i won the crew cut achievement in grand theft auto v for 7 #trueachievement 
dude are you kidding me? keep the pick instead of getting kyrie? when hayward went down we weren’t winning it all anyway. if this team can do what they have done without hayward and now kyrie. i’m sorry let’s see what this team looks like next year with everyone plus another star 
she thought the plastic part is what you put on your face . she almost threw away the sheet. almost wasted my dr. jart mask 
panthers up 2-0 devils down 1-0 flyers down 2-1 if the panthers make it i may die wow 
so conor smashed a bus that khabib was on and the pussy was too scared to step out 
i do my main shopping at morrison’s they can go fk themselves now, is there any large supermarket that has not jumped on the halal bandwagon?why when islam is supposed to be a bloody minority in this country, i’m fkn sick this it’s getting harder& harder to find non halal al food 
i won the enjoy your homecoming achievement in just cause 3 for 10 #trueachievement … 
@ predsnhl there is a fiala that plays for the south carolina stingrays in the echl, i wonder if kevin knows him 
only reason conor did that was because bib and his boys tried to punk artem when he was alone. don’t forget conor is from the dublin streets. he rides for his people. 
i won the the spark achievement in far cry 5 for 20 #trueachievement … 
because #roseanne is back in the news, i dug up the piece i wrote about the launch of her 2011 reality tv show, roseanne's nuts, which slate called "loud, dull, and dumb." what a difference 7 years makes. … 
i won 6 achievements in batman – the telltale series for 239 #trueachievement … 
i’m saddened to hear about your concerns for your mum. the care & wellbeing of our residents is our number one priority & we don’t compromise on our commitment to provide high quality care. we’d like to discuss your concerns, so please send us a dm with your contact details. ^e 
somehow in the last 6 months i’ve turned into a complete introvert 
d) all of the above 
i won the i got this achievement in ea sports ufc 2 for 44 #trueachievement … 
i won the make it count achievement in thehunter: call of the wild for 16 #trueachievement 
today the pedo 7 dick who daily slip it into those that make his team big* under the lies his victims were responsible for genocide. 
i won 9 achievements in the book of unwritten tales 2 for 376 #trueachievement … 
i won the level 10 achievement in tera for 20 #trueachievement points 
i won the turn of events achievement in the food run (win 10) for 22 #trueachievement … 
a friend of mine said something similar when christie got passed over for vp in favor of pence: "christie's like the girl who spent the whole school year giving the varsity quarterback bjs only to have him ask the cheerleader to the prom." 
avocados are pricy in the big apple baby 
what the 
keeping himself sat up, he moved his hands onto astoria's lower back and captured a nipple into his mouth to suck on it. "mhm..." oh, salazar did she feel incredible. the blond did his best to thrust up into her with more vigor, knowing the » 
#parapower partnership: haunt jaunts welcomes the haunted librarian 
today is 2018-04-06 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
the purg? 4 #trailer … 
you are a magnificent being. your light is shining into this world with the utmost respect to who you are. you are here, in this moment, to move forward with confidence. 
it's a great time to subscribe to the coffee sprudgecast - sprudge 
all in all a whole bunch of ppl watching soccer in the us 
i won the organizational wizard achievement in minecraft for 142 #trueachievement … 
stop the guardpass with a guillotine - zombieproofbjj (nogi): via @ youtube 
i won the explosive surprise achievement in far cry 5 for 88 #trueachievement 
i won the scribe achievement in enigmatis 3: the shadow of karkhala for 10 #trueachievement … 
and here we have an example of a sick bastard wishing that people and property are severely damaged. all because he has a small dick. fucking state of the left. trump 2020 … 
i won 2 achievements in the witness for 149 #trueachievement 
the big miss was the date, which shows how institutional push back was effective at delaying trump at his worst. 
i won the contract assassin achievement in hitman for 35 #trueachievement … 
car crashes into multiple homes on green bay's west side green bay, wis. (wfrv) - a vehicle crashed into multiple homes on green bay's west side just after four saturday afternoon. the green bay police… 
the little kid behind you was ready to risk it all 
i won the walls of the ruler achievement in assassin's creed origins for 68 #trueachievement … 
i won the from blue to bluebell achievement in lego city undercover for 17 #trueachievement 
oh i don't mind the mess. i do mind trash thrown around, dirty dishes everywhere and constantly have to talk to them about it. oh, and dirty clothes on bathroom floor ! 
. @ disneyirltv on #periscope: the little mermaid ride#travel … 
that is messed up. i don't think that was in the sentencing. wrong is wrong ergo prison but a deal is a deal. $2- to put your life on the line 
i’m at a 8 year olds birthday party and all the kids are recording and taking selfies with the birthday girl 
you covering this for the athletic or there as a fan? 
can we get the rock to run? 
i won the i'm a legend achievement in assassin's creed origins for 28 #trueachievement 
b strong beautiful, my momma also has the same :'( we gotta b strong for the both of 'em 
trump's strategy, or youre stupid, or you havent gone back and read real news from when the cabinet was installed. because we've known this fact since the beginning. catch up or shut up. there's only one set of facts. youve just been schooled. 
i won the exclusive collector achievement in forza motorsport 7 for 30 #trueachievement … 
i can’t convince everyone in this world to look at me with good eyes when i’m literally the good friend that everybody needs but people always going to judge you in every kind of ways and that’s why i’m always quite playing with my video games e.g 
right? unsubscribing from the network good bye 
congrats to our 9th grade white on winning the ashton arnold memorial tournament! way to start of the spring! #upwardstars #2021 
be silent, only the hand of god can remove the burdens of your heart. 
<the o epa/dol/blm were creating the biggest land and rights grab in history> the left wants the govt to own the land, not the people. it's as simple as that. the progressive left says you can own it, so long as we can dictate how you use it. 
newbie of the month #gurushots 
what a match! what a moment at the end of the match! charlotte & asuka killed it! #wrestlemania 
the queen is better than the empress <3 
with 1 in 8 women getting breast cancer, now is the time to invest in our long term health. 
a young couple was called to heaven before they could be married. the disappointed groom took st .peter aside and asked him if it was possible for them to be married. "i'm afraid you'll have to wait," st. peter... … 
i won 4 achievements in the walking dead - a new frontier (win 10) for 168 #trueachievement … 
plastic 2-piece square hockey puck holder (1 hockey display field) - dizisports store the bcw puck holder is product of excessive influence, crystal clear... … 
i won the only you achievement in far cry 5 for 76 #trueachievement 
last year i was in orlando for mania. this year i'm in bridgeton. shoot for the moon. reach for the rainbow. have a dream in a scheme. 
@ mojobynum you can't handle texas believe me you'll be lost, in the lone star state, get a job 
the future of the jcpoa: implications for the u.s., its allies, and adve... via @ youtube 
the wave of the future...in case you were wondering what you should invest in … 
wrestlemania off to a great start. loved the asuka/charlotte match - that belt should never come off of charlotte. streak was causing the woman’s division to become too predictable 
filemaker developer: company * one of the largest most successful filemaker consultant firms in the world * known for customer service and professionalism benefits and features * benefit package that includes health, disability and life * 401k * flexible… 
absolutely correct, but i firmly believe certain politicians, internationally, have been bought off, intimidated or threatened into compliance by the nwo. it is hard to believe, that many people are so stupid. … 
i won the only you achievement in far cry 5 for 78 #trueachievement … 
i won the liberator achievement in far cry 5 for 12 #trueachievement 
we would love to see you stop by the shop and let us know what you think, you can view these products here! 
and i love the turquoise ring and blue nails you paired with it 
i won the necro dancer achievement in tera for 58 #trueachievement 
i won the score fiend achievement in shoot 1up (wp) for 10 #trueachievement … 
i listened to an entire segment on newstalk1010 with ryan doyle. the party may contribute but primarily they organize the bus and provide light snacks and water. other than that members of the media pay for the bus. 
pretty sure my mind is so frazzled all the time cos once when i was little i stuck a pair of tweezers in an electrical outlet 
yes, the production team left it on in the arena 
today is 2018-04-09 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
i won the agency athlete achievement in crackdown for 27 #trueachievement … 
yuuri takes his time with opening the box, mumbling to himself as he tries to figure out what it is. he sees a piece of cloth and pulls it out, revealing the front of it and reading. "daddy's little buddy?" he looks at yura with a confused, lopsided smile. "what's going on?" 
i won the the lord of lies achievement in diablo iii: reaper of souls - ultimate evil edition for 29 #trueachievement … 
i say it all the time my boy winslow has to figure out “touch & english” around the hoop! 
a bit difficult and i think they lady needs a brain. trump stated cohen was not working for him which put cohen up the creek without a paddle. … 
the night that michael carrick turns himself into maestro midfielder. … 
it in the middle ages [via 
i second the request! 
labor is rife with corrupt mps, abuse of tax funds, no fiscal policy, the govern to benefit themselves. 
my baby daddy isn't even going to be in the room, he doesn't want to be and i don't want him to be.. it's strange but i haven't even got a birthing partner yet 
same i’m getting fatter by the day :( … 
dont eat the cookies 
it’s sad seeing and facing the hard truth 
sure is. when i was in vegas last month it seemed even bigger than it was the last time i had been there 
burn the stage goes up whilst i’m at uni tomorrow i’m gonna scream 
on one hand i can't wait to get this scan over with to find the source of where this pain/sensation is coming from. on the other hand i'm scared. i don't want to be told it's something that requires an op or going to hospital. still got 9 days until my appointment 
i hope you are right. but i am not convinced. i'm glad zach's book has been a success, but it's success is surely linked to him having a fanbase that preexists. it will be hard to replicate in the future 
bearcat athlete of the week: jewell sparks won the 400m hurdles for @ willamettetrack at the john knight twilight. her mark of 1:03.46 is currently 8th in diii 
i just went and customized them i just gotta get the money 
10 april 2018 6:58 pm cdt officers responded to a traffic stop at the maze bank office in los santos. the vehicle was let go without any criminal charges. 
that's like real king,akbar n ashoka the great 
so happy the playoffs begin tomorrow night! #puckfilly #3elieve #1975andcounting #letsgopens 
at the end of the 3q, boys lax leads cary christian 6-3. #goblues 
would assume sanity and the iconic duo (billy kay and peyton royce). 
#aiweiwei captures the global refugee crisis in #documentaryfilm ‘human flow’ 
the game is over, that means no more playing nice together anymore, it is a lost art. from this point on, there will only be one side that will come out of this intact. 
the jollibee mascot doing mano po to colonel sanders. i’ve truly seen it all. … 
remember me when ur at the top 
what are your dreams for the future — career wise, be a makeup artist. not career wise i wanna meet owen teague and bill skarsgård!! … 
spartans pushing back, giants lead down to 21-19 in the second set. 1-0 gbn lead 
happening now!! i'm mixing live on 4 elements radio with the in the zone podcast. i'm calling… 
this congressman deserves to be run out of town. allowing the nation to be compromised; spreading untruths on tv. not a patriot, sir. … 
paul ryan isn't retiring. he is out to reap the benefits of the business deal he made: making billions for billionaires so they'd make him a millionaire for life. 
it's okay to have strong feelings about our leaders forcing their penises down women's throats. this "verbiage," by the way, is quoting from the official mo house report. if it makes you uncomfortable, you might consider actually holding that against the accused throat violator. 
and also the beginning of facebook … 
man being a philly fan takes years off of ya , but i stay true to my teams , they'll come thru soon enough : the eagles for example 
jai is raj the grass from limmys adventure call 
can someone explain why you need more money to afford the average home in colorado than in ny? that's pretty surprising. is the cost of living in denver that high? #mtbos #statschat … 
moomoos getting mad at this tweet and calling me sexist when i obviously put two of the most hated groups in here on purpose 
especially loving the #mydreamjobin4words posts on twitter this week that showcase female entrepreneurship - if your dream job doesn’t exist, create it! 
a hot take on the bud light rita flavors 
do you notice you never see any of this stuff in/on the news? 
the telegraph: fbi sought donald trump 'grab ‘em by the -----' records in monday raids of his lawyer’s offices. … 
today is 2018-04-11 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
also note to self: if the fear fails to subside, just consider that the fear you feel is just mislabeled excitement. you have yet another chance to excel in an area you so greatly love. #blkcreatives #blackfreelancers … 
wow it's game 82 & we really still have a shot at the playoffs 48 minutes away baby 
no, what i want is workers having democratic control over the companies they work in. i don't care what the government does particularly as long as they support the workers. also, the market has relatively little to do with how businesses are structured internally. you can... 
so the doctors office messaged me back and asked what i cut my finger on and if it needs stitches. i cut it on a dog food can so now i know they will say i need a tetanus shot cause i have no clue when i last had one. do people really keep track of when they last had one 
the royal family! minus the dad kwon yul 
and then you get to serious matters, like the news media selling the war in iraq- of course saddam has wmds; the experts told us so. the reason i bring this up is because this phenomenon gets applied to, of all people, the video game press. 
check out my broadcast from my playstation 4! #ps4live (uncharted: the lost legacy™) live at 
the only other way it could be read, is that prey are not stand-ins for poc, but white people. which is sort of worse, because then it's basically a disney movie lecturing poc about why they shouldn't discriminate against white people. since white people actually did prey of poc. 
water under the bridge … 
the live band is playing backstreet boys during intermission of the lightning game. they’re not bad. vocalist is no @ martyscurll that’s for sure. 
i won the centenary achievement in overwatch: origins edition for 61 #trueachievement points … 
so happy james and i got a house in oro valley i’m over the east side lol 
question. when is the jet pack is coming . it’s been 2 months and still nothing 
just one question about the kardashians why the fuck does anyone care what they do omg. 
road to the playoffs: khimki moscow region 
today is 2018-04-12 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
it’s a class! taught by the same guy who teaches the monk class 
stay safe enjoy the flight 
i won the i got this achievement in robocraft infinity for 32 #trueachievement … 
and? thanks for pointing out we are in for a tory meltdown despite the best efforts of the tory msm/bbc to limit damage 
exactly how i felt last year about the wolves. makes free agency so much more interesting, especially this year. 
jungkook what the fuck. u dont have any single idea how much i miss u damn 
maybe true, but it is the 30 minutes of my life i am least looking forward to! … 
the same photo of blackadder every day 
if this is the standard for suspensions this playoffs. there will be a lot of suspensions coming up. i’d say marchand is suspended by game 4. 
you and me both. to be acknowledged by him would just blow anyone's mind. he is one of my inspirations to try to become an actor. to be able to join him in the ranks of canadian actors would be a dream come true. he totally deserves the deadpool statue without a doubt! 
lindsay walks first two batters in b6. troy comes on to pitch as huskies go to their 4th pitcher of the day #wvprepbase 
this afternoon, we took full advantage of the beautiful weather and did some reading outside!! it was the perfect way to end a busy (but awesome!!) week with my favorite learners!!! 
i am embarrassed to be a kentuckian tonight. the ire i have grown to have toward bevin is immeasurable. … 
the man deserves it. he’s a true work horse 
well done bpf keep up the good work 
both can go there as far as i'm concerned.. the both deserve it 
this is the state of xbox fanboys when they say ps gamers are salty over the game sea of thieves, you just cannot make this crap up hahahaha lol 
wen i got a lot on my chest i just call my cous @ _talibanreece & let it all out. she the only one understand me & i kno fashit sho i will never hear what i said again!!!! 
hey jack. maybe the information came from the basement of a pizza joint. you do like false conspiracy theories involving pizza. 
maybe if players sat out more games in the playoffs for dirty hits they'd rethink the actions since its hurt their team as well as themselves? just a thought. 
i screamed for years now that whittaker will go down as the best ever ! 
the dane? better yet, bernie bernbaum. he was a sneaky . . . sneak too. 
at least you and all the leafs haters will be happy now 
can't argue mate. imagine they were just into whatever was on top of the pops? 
i won 5 achievements in avatar: the last airbender: the burning earth for 1007 #trueachievement … 
we just saw the photos! well done cleo, we're so proud of you *hugs* 
@ realdonaldtrump so why doesnt yours and your daughters companys make your goods here in the good ole usa. your a hypocrite. shamefull for a usa pres. sad!!!!! … 
"good. i'm glad you're taking a little break, you deserve it. don't work yourself into the ground." he actually laughs at that comment, "well, you know, i'm standing upright and there isn't a hole though me anymore." 
all the people at every dog park in my area are 3x my age. this is why i’ll never make friends 
guys....we've made it to the main card. i'm proud of us. #ufcglendale 
i got the last draft bud light ever from the og bb rooners. 
playoff sports are the best #yaysports 
i never understood the point of that it’s tacky … 
man... fob really doing good for the community 
easy to say that he feels relieved to hear that she's doing good so far, a reply text was sent out seconds after : - "i'm glad to hear it, fate; and don't let you that curiosity of yours get the best of you! it's just something nice." 
playoffs all day is a beautiful thing but i can’t even watch it cause i’m on the clock 
raiders. i remember distinctly freaking out at the face-melting scene. 
racism @ starbucks. definitely not something the ceo would have ever imagined. hopefully the starbucks employees will not only be prosecuted but blacklisted by all employers for racial discrimination. … 
not to mention it's actually hella rude and incredibly insensitive to constantly be making jokes about jisoo being religious. like the whole "jisoos christ" thing? yeah, not funny. it never has been. it's like everyone insists on making a joke out of his beliefs and - 
animate your skin this weekend with this special edition mask from the crème shop! infused… 
ranwalk breaking out the dad jokes … 
thanks for the share :) 
here for all the winners tho … 
my mom thought this picture was like one of those, “spot the errors” games in a magazine. 1.… 
but when i look at it, it reminds me of the good times i had… i think that rings are things that bind memories to the person who wears them. 
i'm the victim of nobody !!!! 
no shot is truly going to be like the other. as a cinematographer, you need to know every technical aspect that can help you make your vision come true. #cinematography #film #photography 
why do 5usa keep showing the same episode of #csi i have seen this episode about 7/8 times in the past 3 weeks 
in san antonio this weekend for the state meet. this little beauty qualified for regionals. 
digital guerilla marketing & your business: think out of the box … #entrepreneurshipstartup 
it was my mother who kept us alive, when my father, unlike yours, was paying the ultimate price for us, and for you, who now criticize her. if my father chose to return home to be with us, his children and his wife, he would have iredeemably compromised your freedom. 
i liked how hamilton was going to write the smile from vettel's face and how the race played out. also was hopeful for haas 
i still want the kim playing tennis one. 
the moment we all wait for every year at fredonia! this is about to be two wild awesome nights of music by incredible bands! you’re not going to wanna miss out on these shows! … 
twitter: this tweet may contain sensitive material *gif of someone doing a dance* twitter: nah fam! this is fine! *naked loli posing in the mirror* 
looking at the dna medical history, it fills in gaps that we adoptees dont have about our natural heritage. something that people raised by family live with and take for granted. this is such a important area, for... … 
#pentagon says ‘2000%’ rise in russian trolls after airstrikes on #syria well, yeah, if you take everyone who are not believing your lies & vocal about that as russian trolls!. true, far too many russian trolls!. so, the next step is to shutdown the internet? 
if you haven't check out my new mixtape its lit. the quality is a1 … 
i apologize for the god awful stream today, lots of stupid stuff going on including teammates leaving every single match i played. i tried my best to give some badass plays which i’m sure i did provide 
i didn't realise brits went to the dentist? 
ok. sorry i had to put the tablet on the charger. 
it’s still 8 in the morning … 
it's actually painful to watch him go around the house constantly painting her as the devil, he did the same thing with bam-bam 
imagine going to prom in a casket and leaving prom weekend in the same one to be put 6 ft. under 
after this, i swear to fuck if we get more snow i’m gonna jump off the campus bridge head first this shits getting ridiculous 
duniya chahe jo v karo aap show ko vapis law ..purane formet me ...or khud v purane vale kapil ke jaisa karo ...mst sirf comedy ...and u r the best ..all tha best 
you would look great with the 2nd 
i hope they handle the superstar shakeup better than last year, where everyone just showed up on their new brand for no reason or introduction #raw 
@dizzydeeheart thanks for the rt! 
i'm really going to buy this hoody knowing damn well it ain't about the album lol 
so entertaining to read the different kinds of comments and gifs … 
uhhh. watch the documentary. pep isn’t to blame for last year 
watch the agenda live here on twitter: mon., apr. 16th, 2018: ontario in the red … 
had so much fun celebrating the announcement of my friend @ itsjeremyscott’s @ moschino… 
or the rewards cards & coupons ...every single time 
welcome to the fgc 
o me!!! all the time … 
they'll release the comeback on may 18th 2 days before billboard music awards... are they going to perform ohmyghaaaaaad 
and to make matters worse, the bug bite i thought i had is actually a ganglion cyst caused from overusing my wrist. something basically untreatable. i have to go to an orthopedic doctor to get “evaluated” 
this is going 2 b a legendary comeback.this is the announcement article. 26k rt ....yet there r only 2200 positive votes. @ bighitent posts @ bts_twt articles 4you to review,give your opinion&promote.don't b rt pleasetutorial here … 
best leaf period of the playoffs so far, and plekanecs best as a leaf for sure. who would have thought a kadriless, komorovless, martinless, leaf squad would be the one to out hit the bruins. #tmltalk #standwitness @ steve_dangle 
the young jedi was rather confused at first before he noticed her. what species was that? she clearly humanoid yet fish-like. was she in anyway related to the mon calamari? he couldn’t say. he waved back with a smile. 
underground bases celebrity cloning, breakaway civilizations, zero-point field technology, soul/consciousness transfer, immortality, trauma-based mind-control, genetic engineering, dna activation, time travel, psychology and consciousness, the unveiling 
i won 3 achievements in lego star wars: the force awakens for 42 #trueachievement 
the blue and white sky is the limit! 
they snapped harder than my bones after watching it for the tenth time i love it so much 
ever ask god like why did he pick you to live the life you living 
palestinians defending themselves with stones is so ancient and biblical. so if the jews should cast their modern weapons aside and start stoning back, there'd be a real biblical war on their hands, they know, and palestinians will win the war with loose hands and not cowardly. … 
i got a brazilian wax the other day and it made me feel two ways 
i won the dark horse achievement in assassin's creed origins for 44 #trueachievement … 
is it the same guy who’s going to take responsibility for the stupendous rise in the death toll on commercial airlines this year under his administration? 
let me know if you want the good wing 
one more hour left till the end of my pager shift and then i can bring this damned flipphone back to the clinic and stop checking it incessantly every 4 minutes to make sure i havent missed a page 
still the same for me and i don't have an update 
i won the hop-a-long achievement in cars 2 for 12 #trueachievement … 
i won 2 achievements in the surge for 99 #trueachievement … 
your girl literally bragged about having the hardest gg choreo sorry if acting all cutie and moving your head and feet around like a princess doesn’t seem hard to jongin 
tom holland is doing the buzzfeed puppy interview!!!!!!! i’m so readyyy 
1 tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. thank you . 
nigel said it in his interview after resigning that hicks sees it better & he had to step in as best as he can to do what he does to see it the same way... love nigel just as much as any guy in our locker room but hicks special lead the league in ints the yr before that's special 
i won the calligrapher achievement in microsoft sudoku (win 8) for 14 #trueachievement … 
i won the time to farm! achievement in minecraft for 14 #trueachievement 
i liked a @ youtube video the fugees - ready or not 
check out some of the open source contributions such as , k8s installer, smith, railcar, crashcart, ... all developed under oracle umbrella and used (and even) praised by community. strategy has been changed for a while now 
if you cry racism after being denied use of a bathroom reserved for paying customers you are the problem. 
i miss jason from the good place why must i wait so long for a return 
haha technically the ~7k is what matters remember 
kasie anderson and taylor stal each had two rbis as georgetown-ridge farm/chrisman softball beat @ oakhs76 8-4. winning pitcher whitny harper, emma winslow and maddy roach each had one rbi. kelsey blackford had two rbis for the comets and shaelyn turner and shelby acord each had 1 
every time i see the mcdonald’s mcgriddle commercial, i think of @ henryq1223 love for sausages. #ccaaammmmmmerrrrooooonnn 
i won the emmett finds his muse trophy in back to the future: the game - 30th anniversary edition for 18 #truetrophy 
the street. softly, just ever so, she muttered: " i think it goes like this. " she did not leave any from what tsukishima said painful. 
but guess who did it better, the one that can sing lmaooo … 
today is 2018-04-18 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
that's my belief. dual meanings. also interesting is the statement by her friend before election makes it seem like this was planned by president trump & stormy before his candidacy. its all very peculiar. 
and this is one of the reason why i love this team. … 
#blackadderbot how lucky you english are to find the toilet so amusing for us, it is a mundane and functional item for you it is... 1/2 
i was thinking about you n it made think of colors of the space 
oh, i forget the context but that was my friend in discord. i just left it in because it worked. 
oladipo has three fouls and sits down. cavs lead pacers 47-37 with 4:12 to go in the half off a kyle korver 3. 
nct: we gotta say i love you to the bitches who literally mob us and disrespect us? alright … 
i’m so glad i tuned in to watch the referees blow their whistle every time the heat are on offense 
ew no i just left the gym 
hype about getting in the ring 
2018 #booktomovie releases - read the book before you see the movie! or, be contrary - watch the movie then read the book. give them a go these holidays #thebookisalwaysbetter #librarianbias 
au where instead of the star trek main theme song it’s this 
they will be the death of me 
i won 12 achievements in life is strange: before the storm for 451 #trueachievement … 
happy hour head shots at the noble rey @noble rey brewing company 
lmfao rt @ 2tanks_dre: lmaoooooooo rt @ asia_bean: "aye lil mama!! lil mama in the green!!" lil mama: 
i won the kraken good job achievement in sea of thieves for 45 #trueachievement … 
it sucks international views don't count, even though a show is huge outside of the us 
dont hold back the power gonna set you free t-t-t-true fighter 
apple will be releasing the acceptance emails for #wwdc18 tomorrow. good luck to everyone who applied this year! 
i have some great news to share with everybody! all episodes of it takes a thief are available on the discovery app! 
i won the jump ship achievement in mortal kombat x for 25 #trueachievement … 
i love how the yankees have yet to find a real long term solution to 1b and 2b. production from both positions has been ass since 2014. 
tell the police, don't put up with that. 
that very well be the next step. trump knows how to prep the battlefield. 
i liked a @ youtube video {ytp} meet the engineer who lags 
i won the thank you for watching! achievement in amazing princess sarah for 51 #trueachievement 
i won the medieval age achievement in battle ages for 76 #trueachievement … 
omg thank youuuuu i'm praying praying praying the twitter resurrection of vampires in publishing is for real 
the feels. … 
i won the let's cook! achievement in the witcher 3: wild hunt - game of the year edition for 17 #trueachievement … 
the person below needs to be spanked by the person above! 
like seriously, i dont walk into a room quoting assata shakurs biography everyday. but god damn, if they don’t mention the bible constantly. 
donated to event where nation of islam's louis farrakhan denounced jews.then went to holocaust museum & *defended* nazis.before that claimed jews *control the weather & exploit it for profit & to hurt people of color*. this man sits on the dc city council: … 
in life you have to realize that what’s done is done and life goes on. grudges aren’t worth the time and effort. accept the apology you never got and get the fuck over it. you will be a lot better off and that’s a promise 
logic, common sense, and critical thinking are taboo in today's political climate. it's akin to treason for one to engage in any of the above mentioned activities. smh. 
*looking at a 2 year old’s drawing of a butterfly, which is just a bunch of scribbled lines. i lean in to the kid & whisper* what is this some kind of a game to you? 
granted it’s still worst movie of the year for me 
inshaallah a fat slap from hooyo will fix the ting … 
i found my grandma's premium snapchat the other day.. i subscribed to that bitch who knew my grandma got fingering game 
back to basics! so much fun to see how our heroes first met - they’ve changed so much? where will they go next? find out on may 18, 7pm at the pit loft! 
that poster with steve and bucky in the same frame is the reason why blood still pumps around my body 
ig i’m a hoe cause i have a tattoo on the side of my body ??? 
a 3 year relationship and the man ghosted me while i was at basic training 
nameboss ( @ name1boss ): cut away from the … …... 
financial engineer iv: the companyare you interested in helping solve today’s most critical housing challenges? in simplest terms, fannie mae serves the people who house america. we work at the heart of housing by providing reliable, affordable mortgage… 
living a drug dealers dream w/o the repercussions. 
wait, femi is the older brother? nna mehhnn. 
i feel like this is half the conversation i have with my parents 
verne troyer (mini yo, austin powers) has passed away. depression and suicide should be a major concern. be kind to everyone because we never know what the person is going through. #kindness #depression #suicideawareness 
@ jcolenc is and will forever be the . you can never change my mine. 
i liked a @ youtube video gordon ramsay wheres the lamb sauce-animated 
great summary of the state of the world … 
here's the disturbing new way airlines are trying to hide how much your flight will really cost 
agree with that. but with belief and intent, you can do just as much damage. the only thing stopping you from showing the world what you can do is coincidence & intent! you have those skills. #unleash 
青い空 燃える夕陽 眠る月を追いかけて 今日も回る回る回る 夢の先で待っていて we can make, we can grow an arcadia together 離さない 『arcadia』詞曲/揺紗 
❝geez........you....really like making me blush, don't you?❞ says the flustered male. 
ready for the new #tradingspaces tonight! 
agency eyes limits on popular oregon wilderness areas: bend, ore. (ap) - federal officials are taking public comments on management strategies for five central oregon wilderness areas that include possible restrictions on the number of visitors. the… … 
the real "subway, eat fresh" - some eats in the middle of the day. 
listen all i’m saying is the majority of people who ship cordeuva are caucasian what does that tell you 
an "at least messi" scored wouldn't change the l. messi is lebron! 
here's the violent mob that got milo shook and made him fear for his life (just slightly!) … 
i won the now you can come in achievement in dying light for 35 #trueachievement 
i won the power player achievement in ori and the blind forest: definitive edition for 22 #trueachievement … 
haven’t seen age of ultron in awhile and...this movie is a hot mess. characters all over the place, weird sex jokes, hawkeye’s random family. it’s just too much. 
because numbnuts like keep repeating the russia narrative! 
i wish i lived closer to the beach 
hmm. of all the ferrets i've had in my life i realise aggs is the only one i haven't worn as a hat. too small perhaps, more a fascinator than a hat. and i hear those are now passé? so it could be a question of fashion. the one in my profile image is ptolemy. 3 legs. a tricorne. 
classic farmhouse pedestal leg done in steel! new design! see them in person at the grand… 
i won 23 achievements in the wolf among us for 868 #trueachievement … 
i won 3 achievements in assassin's creed the ezio collection for 115 #trueachievement points 
the person below wants to be licked all over. 
i won the great start achievement in burnout paradise remastered for 12 #trueachievement 
i won the peta's been informed of your behaviour achievement in mulaka for 36 #trueachievement … 
i won the around the world on 5 trampolines achievement in goat simulator for 60 #trueachievement 
@ comey drew the short straw when obama's gang was selecting the fall guy. 
i won 6 achievements in batman: the enemy within - the telltale series for 209 #trueachievement … 
kipchoge runs masterfully in the heat for london marathon victory … via @ runnersworld 
i'd second made in the abyss. devilman is a bit artsy and transgressive-for-the-sake-of-being-transgressive for my tastes. can't comment on food wars. 
i won the only you achievement in far cry 5 for 65 #trueachievement … 
i won the divisional commander achievement in call of duty: wwii for 42 #trueachievement 
i won the shopaholic achievement in the witcher 3: wild hunt - game of the year edition for 89 #trueachievement points … 
조금 더 미쳐도 괜찮아 내일은 사라질 것처럼 너는 틈만 나면 날 안고 좋은 데로 데려가 so warm fire in the hole warm fire in the hole - 브아걸 '웜홀(warm hole) 中' 
i won the let the good times roll! achievement in the witcher 3: wild hunt - game of the year edition for 92 #trueachievement … 
just swung by the esports arena at the luxor in las vegas, where ninja held his event. this place is very cool! it's like a giant mega lan center. you can order food and booze and it's only $25 for the whole day. a bunch of the @ h1z1proleague boys are scrimming here right 
@ nathanzegura where is the cleveland media staying in dallas 
i won the endgame achievement in the witness for 188 #trueachievement 
i won the bloody business achievement in the walking dead - a new frontier (win 10) for 21 #trueachievement … 
we use both parallel and box squat. is a box that allows the athlete to get to parallel. 
as a basketball writer for 8 years i had to learn to remove myself from bias. this is a legit sentiment. nba fans will love watching the jazz objectively. … 
i won the hooked achievement in fallout 4 for 20 #trueachievement … 
kanye west back on twitter is the best thing ever...ever 
i won the bittersweet achievement in dying light for 72 #trueachievement 
i won 5 achievements in the walking dead collection - the telltale series for 121 #trueachievement … 
i won the arch-mage achievement in the elder scrolls online: tamriel unlimited for 27 #trueachievement … 
atribuí nota 9.5 ao episódio 4x9 - heart of a secret de when calls the heart #bancodeseries 
i won the colourful sails achievement in sea of thieves for 19 #trueachievement 
i won 20 achievements in ori and the blind forest: definitive edition for 1099 #trueachievement … 
yah they have been almost as bad as the refs lol 
creating a gif search function for normies to use is the greatest pose of all time? 
i won 6 achievements in the bug butcher for 620 #trueachievement points … 
you probably think eminem is the best rapper right now too huh? 
fear us? it's not 1955 clown. the world doesn't work that way anymore 
i won the new world settler achievement in monster hunter: world for 21 #trueachievement … 
get you a girl the way ross looking at meek … 
goddddd the angst is gonna kill me #shadowhunterschat #shadowhunters 
i won the arcade competitor achievement in far cry 5 for 39 #trueachievement … 
i won the derby champ achievement in r.b.i. baseball 18 for 127 #trueachievement … 
@ comcastcares this is across the street closer to the high school. as i understand it, teens did this. 
i won the a spanner in the works achievement in assassin's creed syndicate for 20 #trueachievement 
the queen's commonwealth trust on mydonate … 
i won the good samaritan achievement in rise of the tomb raider for 12 #trueachievement … 
i would’ve done the same 
i won the newbie achievement in no time to explain for 25 #trueachievement … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist the beastie boys | fortnite (battle royale funny moments) #7 
i won the marital relations achievement in fable anniversary for 18 #trueachievement … 
and in this case, as the incident did not occur in the usa, it's clearly irrelevant that the perpetrator was not block; that is to say, race did not factor into the decision not to employ violence. … 
awesome day with the future of our country, superintendents, staff and faculty, partnering up with @ americandairyne , @ futp60 , @ nflpa and the @ nfl as we tackle hunger and breakfast after the bell for our youth in school. 
lessons from game of thrones: stopping the white walkers of data monetization #data #kdnuggets #datamonetization #walker … 
i won the welcome to fortune valley achievement in need for speed payback for 10 #trueachievement … 
i thought i wanted to be a software engineer or a history professor. a few months after working at the plainsman, i realized journalism was what i wanted to do with my life. 
anybody that has ever played basketball in the state of alaska, that’s had the pleasure of rod sr reffing their games knows just what i’m talking about 
bullshit #fake news. it claims they grew in size. #deletefacebook started march 19. so 11 days are part of q1. it takes 14 days to delete an account. literally 0 deletions are showing up in the #facebook statistics of q1. $ fb 
i also have a few @ reba @ lindsayell @ coleswindell @ jason_aldean haha guess y’all know you made it when there so many of you my country music maybe one day we can get some the real mccoy’s to follow us whatcha think @ mrbobbybones check out my #imposters! 
everything is better with polka dots! follow me on the app or click the link in… 
we can agree to disagree haha, i see what you are saying and i understand it but its more than the definition of taking. 
so every time someone on the left took it it was confirmation also right? 
that’s the best pr smile and dance!! i mean, who has this much fun working out?! cuesters!! … … 
from @ nickmoorectv — river watch: the on/off ramps to fredericton's westmorland street bridge may be under water by the end of the weekend. the saint john river is forecast to surpass flood stage in fredericton (6.5-metres), hitting 7-metres by friday. c… 
diosdado the looser... 
rank pisses me off so much in the fucken military.. 
i'm joining the movement to support refugees to make a life here in australia. will you? #refugeeswelcome @ auscrsi 
there are no consequences for pleading the fifth. 
no but like what is the flavor difference between a lemon muffin or a lemon poppyseed is my point. 
great stuff - keep up the good work! 
stagecraft has never made me feel so fucking stupid as it just did. i literally feel like the biggest fucking idiot and it’s all because i don’t know how to use construction tools. this makes me hate theatre. 
a man has been charged over a machete attack on two men at inflation nightclub over the weekend. 
all the flowers look so beautiful, can't wait to see the final result #shawnmendesthealbum 
sorry, it's not happening #kindermorgan b.c. wants new rules for companies — like kinder morgan — bringing more oil through the province | cbc news … 
i must help the papacy! the king of the lombards, desiderius, has betrayed pope adrian i and has started to invade papal states. after the pope sent ambassadors to me, i went down to italy and have pushed the lombards back and i'm beginning my siege on the lombards. 
then let’s all go to that bar with a trump hat the left is making supporting trump the new counter culture movement. boom … 
i wonder what it feels like to have hair that doesn’t fall out. i also wonder how bald men would feel knowing there’s more hair on the wall in my shower than they’ve probably ever had on their head in their lifetime. 
youkandy model of the month - vote for me! … 
“cold water that’s a must baking soda that’s a plus 28 to 56 scrape the pot n make it jump” 
let’s see....there’s 4 potential franchise qbs and the jets have the 3rd pick....it cant go wrong for ya right? 
i hope not this saturday in dc! how about instead of dancing around and twerking, you just sing and let your background dancers do all the work? 
this poor woman. i for one am tired of seeing people of colour being treated like filth. i cannot tell u how many times i've encountered stupid store employees & have asked for the corporate #to complain. ms clemons did nothing wrong … 
watch the 'ninjak vs the valiant universe' premiere right here … 
every industry is becoming more increasingly fast-paced, making deliberate practice a great learning and training tool for the era of disruption! … 
since u been gone is one of the most iconic pop songs of the 21st century and that is a fact … 
wait are you going to the golf tourney? 
then why not call the legislature into special session? 
‘star trek 4’: s.j. clarkson becomes the first female director in franchise’s history (exclusive) … 
#newprofilepic the leader's look 
costa brava wineries: back to the roots … 
another trip to the fuel pumps. 
nigel 'the brex pistol' farage. 
i hope all you guys are at the front of the line.....and by all you guys i mean everybody that is at the #tcmff sending love. 
i'm not particularly sure i like the way it ended... loved the fight between thanos and hulk... among others … 
...and you got me..i use sarcasm to reply to stupidity...thought you were doing the same... 
. @ a4oseries live episode is tomorrow at 5 pm est and we cannot contain our excitement!! #inseparables make sure that you get your vote in for mst president at: ! we hope that you will tune in and tweet along with us for the #a4olive extravaganza. 
funny. after sleeping on it and watching “highlights”, i hate the pick. football is dumb like that. haha 
today is 2018-04-27 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
night time is the best time. 
#inebria2018. annual conference of the international network on brief interventions for alcohol & other drugs. santiago de chile, september 27-28, 2018. @ substanceabusej @ ascp_journal @ addictionjrnl @ rcsaludpublica @ jam_asam @ acerjournal @ … 
at least the teg will be lookin good … 
the real smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and… … 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist battlefield 1 rap by jt music feat. neebs gaming - "the world's the 
of course you’re a girl, you already told me so. you just have to get some new hormones to replace the whoopsie hormones. 
i know what i’m doing for the next few hours 
nigga just say the pick 
fun fact friday: before i was the tech cat girl, i was an improv comedian. i am passionate about using my experience to help leaders in the #technology space. here's the one-word innovators should never say: 
my girlfriend (michigan grad) even changed our dvr settings to "save until delete" after the game. 
avengers: infinity war for my first time at the drive-in @hathaway's drive-in theater 
'abtastic!' i am the king of mediocrity. one of those upper abs looks like an enlarged spleen which just up and moved. … 
marlene, just because an individual says something happened 12 years ago, it doesnt mean it did. i accept regardless of the truth this will not be good for anyone but frankly, its not good for this man either. and i am not going to have a long drawn out convo about it. 
the go-to gop argument in the 2016 election campaigned seemed to be it is about islam. but is it really? 
i can’t believe i’m never going to see the rep room in person 
totally agree! this is so important, im glad you have this mindset. no wonder beauty bakerie is at the top of its game when it comes to customer service 
happy saturday!!!! a new episode of shore to shore news is on the air at right now. 
the very slogan of national review is a screech of impotent frustration … 
new post (captain iyer lifts daredevils | the daily star) has been published on my blog - 
love, who can properly explain the way it feels and why it’s willing to wait for that same feeling to be reciprocated … 
your video @ weeklychris made me tear up a bit when you spoke of depression but also opened my eyes. money is powerful and its so easy to abuse its power but i'm glad you've seen the brighter side of things. thank you for opening up and sharing a piece of you. 
@ poppyharlowcnn @ johnberman no. if anyone gets a nobel peace prize for bringing north korea to a peace agreement that actually sticks, it should go to moon jae-in, not the self-promoting one at a rally where the crowd was ginned up to shout it. 
overwhelming urge for a tennents in the fittie 
greenie do you ever go to the games? 
thank you atlantahavoc and the beautiful havocdancers for allowing me the pleasure to perform… 
slow and steady, but eventually the big boys will be taking notice in the near future, god willing … 
drafted the 2 corners i wanted first round.. ended up with both lol … 
she's the one i remember telling you that years back and it holds true still! 
salchipapa casero for the soul! 
the art of small business marketing choices 
the lengths people are going to for excusing her is amazing. 
20:00:00 |temp: 66.7ºf | wind chill 66.7ºf |dew point 49.0ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the ne, gusting to 0.0 
did he address the water in flint @ flintleadwater or just the usual hate speech and metrics, pathognomonic for extreme feelings of inadequacy? i expect he is so undone by @ michelleisawolf and her wealth jokes, that trumpf sends her his tax return. 
currently i’m living for her low pony or the long pony braid from the ntltc mv. … 
best thing i've ever seen on the internet … 
i ain’t 21, but i became cool w/ the owner of a store...now i get to buy liquor or beer w/o my id 
i had the opportunity to play with some great friends agains the @ jamaicalacrosse team today as they prepare for the @ filacrosse 2018. thanks @ coachw21 for having 
spending the day with my dad shooting the guns had to be the best thing that’s happened in awhile 
appreciate the opportunity to share my experience thank you so much ! 
the top 1% in the u.s. own 25% of the wealth because americans foolishly believe they will soon be among the 1%. 
articlex, the blockchain based publishing platform, ico starts soon 
twitter top 10 tweets of the day in united states – 29-apr-2018 
my father doesnt know what to do with twitter. could you please look into his missing email? i can give you the address. 

kimi appreciated their sacrifice. he’s probably got gift baskets on the way to them as we speak. 
my instagram meme account is your_great_grandma. here is the meme i'm posting tomorrow. 
you gave me back the smile that i lost once. thank you dear you x') 
women's health expo... samaritans at last in the building... thank you to everyone whom came by our table. all who inquired about home care services, caregiver opportunities, and signed up for our newsletter... — at philadelphia mills … 
ravens, don't forget we have breakfast under the stars tonight. unwind and take a break from studying and grab a bite in the mp from 10:00pm-11:00pm. 
in my best tyler durden voice “his name was edward brooke.” even here in massachusetts these liberals have buried the name of the first elected black us senator. … 
you think its gonna come back? people think that its a scam because of the bug in their system 
lebron went 66-16 with that 2008-09 squad and got washed by the magic. nigga ain’t lead no team to 66 wins by himself. 
this is the moab? … 
i wrote him back, a little confused, because i never took a photo of a 5-year-old girl. the only girl i photographed included in that spread of photos is 16 years old. 2/n 
guess who’s finally watching burn the stage 6 
sometimes when you tweet a thought it’s good to have a point. it makes it much more interesting for the reader. 
today is 2018-04-30 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
we shall give him a hearty pat on the back, indeed. thanks for letting us know how much he helped you! 
peter parker was, in many ways, at the bottom of the food chain at u.a. on top of that, he was new to japan in general, seeing as he just moved here. in fact, peter believed he was one of the worst heroes at u.a. on the opposite end of that spectrum,-- 
will is a phony bandwagon fan who just shows up when the team is winning. 
wow. so i work a block away from hollywood blvd. the one day i decide to work at another location, n’sync was there for their star on the walk of fame. lit could’ve went during my lunch if i stayed. 
can i trust the intelligence ever again after what they've done to trump? right now no! 
#blackadderbot hairy blighters, sir, this is a turn up for the plus fours 
is it weird that i now associate family feud with the arrowverse? #supergirl 
that seat only became available because democrats threw al franken under the bus tina included, mr painter was anything but silent on this issue, i welcome him to the democratic party with open arms, we are the party of inclusion ! … 
i like the sparkles 
what the heck?! 
#israel strikes #syria with tactical nuke but #iran is the "terrorist"... only in a … 
ah...the obama card returns. what did he do? besides...as an infant, he falsified those birth records. 
if you follow me and i don't follow you, like this tweet so i can find you - i'm a follow-back guy, but also wise to the bots:) 
apenas fica postando spoiler de the fosters … 
today is one of the days that i’m done 
the joys of staying awake until 4am 
got a bitch in da back got a hoe in the front 
i have a cholesterol problem but i love a bacon an egg butty sometimes as a treat with a good dollop of dare i say brown sauce there i’ve said it , sorry have to go 10 big guys with riot gear banging on the door obviously missed their breakfast , smoked or unsmoked guys 
i just earned the 'iron man (level 14)' badge on @ 
fuck me in the ass 'cause i love jesus the good lord would want it that way gimme that sweet sensation of an irrational rationa... — is this you sabrina bc im wheezing … 
he could only pay for a doctors note, not the actual exam. 
i recently wrote about the history of the 1960 miles davis/john coltrane european tour. now, here’s my review of the new box set from the tour. … 
that moment of the month staring at my rent money like do i really wanna live here. 
i need to all the videos 
it’s time for women to catch up. how a common interview question fuels the gender pay gap (and how to stop it) 
1pp - sale m44 congratulations to the owners of the clip eml/glenholme/aswga/h/534 for achieving a 1pp for their bale of exsupaaafm being offered this week in the elders catalogue. 16.2 micron, 75.4% yld and 42... … 
the only thing i learned in meteorology this semester are conditions that make a tornado and. i'm really hoping this bigass thunderstorm coming our way makes one and fuckn launches me to my death 
do you want to write a genuine article on them not sourcing some meme page's jokes? i can help you with that. used to know quite a few back in the day. 
@ snoopdogg dancin' with the chief of police and a swat team member. only in republicraft :)) … 
talk can be racist. racist talk fuels actions. or is your premise using the n word isn’t racist? classifying an entire race or religion isn’t? what number are we on now for the muslim ban? did you not read up on carsons actions? 
@ michellecreber so the company that owns my little pony is now the owner of my pet monster. let’s just comprehend this for a sec... @ nora_mermaid 
engineered as part of the plan to break down american by going for its roots..the american family...blurring the natural gender roles...chaos. 
#liverpool reached the #championsleague final after riding their luck to contain a fired-up #asroma in a 4-2 defeat at the stadio olimpico on wednesday that sent them through 7-6 on aggregate. … #romlfc @ asromaen @ lfc @ 
"trust in the lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight." –proverbs 3:5-6 
the dumb half-measures that pretend to be held accountable for it, full fucking stop 
bang bang, you shoot me down... bang bang, i hit the ground... 
#marriedarfirstsite why do the experts say jephte and s. had such a steep curve??ryan was clueless and didn’t seem to care at all. 
debunking the myth that illegals benefit the usa financially... thanks @ … 
do you ever have one of those mental breakdowns where your dying laughing and sobbing at the same time cause i just had one of those lmao 
and maybe turn on some tunes and have a dance. i'm sorry you will not do it with the effortless groove of onesmo. but your clumsy efforts would have made him smile. 
kanye can explain something as much as he wants, i still wont understand a damn word the moron is trying to say.. literally he tries to make it seem like he knows what hes talking about and its just nonsense in my book 
slavery enslaves the mind ... … 
did the village approve of your parental decision? 
imagine belly flopping into the water oh damn 
@ loudobbs you speak for us and our sense of urgency tonight in every word you uttered throughout the entire show. your perseverance and confrontation is what trump needs more of...i.e., his old self. 
getting reading to watch the screening for #badsamaritan too bad @ carlitosway89 isn’t at the dallas one! 
check out the pastor … 
all you need to know about the "validity" of redistributing sex so that incels don't feel like they need to kill people … 
yeah they will definitely play it for a long time! so, maybe when we both have the money for tickets, we could go (i also know very few people who would go to london to see musicals ) 
watching the @ raptors take on the @ cavs and to be honest, i’ve never seen a top seed in a division this disappointing. it speaks of the strength of teams in the eastern conference. this raptors team won’t even place 4th in the west but they were the top seed in the east 
so it’ll be cavs vs gsw in the finals then.. ffs 
@ biggranny000 spawn points in deep mine tycoon needs to be lowered down, i keep spawning in the air every time i die 
toronto will be the only #1 seed to have to blow up the whole team the next season. cause with boston & phill getting much better in 2019 they have no reason to keep this team. 
i often totally disagree with martin keown, but i think he made some excellent points in this. i also think jermaine jenas is an excellent pundit who will often argue 'the popular' opinion to make a very valid point. really interesting punditry here. … 
the announcer called toronto “lebronto.” sounds like fighting words. lol 
calf fry is the country coachella. 
@ presssec it's not enough for you to say you give the best information you have. you need to seek the truth and defend the truth in order to speak it. #thursdaymotivation 
when it comes to the gun lobby - can’t laugh but can and do vote. muting optional you never know who else might be reading and a light might click on for one person that #commonsense gun regulation doesn’t = ban on all guns 
just have to keep an eye on things, otherwise back to the hospital again. 
it’s all fun and games till they knock on my door and arrest me, then you’ll be the one who gets a jd note :) 
i never had hope for the raptors tbh 
lol the announcer just hit raptor fans with lebronto!!! #whateverittakes #cavsraptors #cavsmania #cavs 
sorry to hear that. i hope he is ok. the repealers have the neck to say prolife people are agressive!! they are getting so angry now because people see what they are at and no votes increasing as a result. #votenotoabortion. #ref8th #8thref 
arkon product, too? good find for the cavs. 
i wanna be your “wife” w. your kid(s) not just the “baby mama”. 
may the fourth be with you! #starwarsday sale! - 
we’re well into our midwest tour now! tonight we’re in winona minnesota at the bar. *heavy midwest accent #minnesota #vanlife #winonaryder 
welcome to the world of liberalism!! enjoy it! 
i'm sorry the owner of this account is currently take a hiatus because she don't want to meet jjjjustino219 
nobody force the us army to murder civilians,if they don't like that then maybe you should leave the army.the us army isn't protecting the us,they are waging illegal wars,steal natural resources,kill civilians,create failed states.why should i honor that military ?? fuck the army 
wait for the right time. 
get kingham out of the rotation. smh 
update: police believe the snake was a baby rattlesnake. victim is a 15 year old female. 
it ain't the clout, it's what i'm bout, ya dig? 
wait? did i read that right. missouri got an ol silence of the lambs, wild bill, its puts the lotion on its skin head ass govna?? hahaha 
dude, he cleaned up nyc from the sorry state dinkins left. 
lg g7 thinq: the good, the bad & the ugly 
d- did you get the tickets though? and i will! i will make sure to get those tickets! even if i get the standing ones, i don’t care. i want my boys. … 
1 tweep followed me in the past day. feels great! do you also want to feel awesome? check out 
yesss and it’s the best feeling … 
#amandaknox shared that people shouldn't be judged having done a wrong thing if the balance of their life actions show more good than bad. she also confides to brett her view that prison will not help a person reflect on their bad deed it just breeds anger. ok then. 
the nra is helping the gop usher in fascism. more guns means more government. it’s a vicious cycle 
it’s my brother’s wedding so i gotta put on the ol southern boi suit 
she blushes, "so, uh, yeah! rest well ok? i'll be here if you need me." she sits on the floor by the bed and starts her biology homework. 
they didn’t tank. but they still got valuable prospects from the draft. so.... 
saya suka video @ youtube hardwell vs john christian -bttf (back to the front) 
nikki blonsky checking out of the hotel with the artwork from her hotel room 
@ coloradomayhem 17u black is a solid unit. beat b&b 11th elite 62-58 and advance in the championship bracket. now 4-0 in the tor tourney. 
sleep is for the weak 
ridiculous.. flat out i can’t right now 
@ilovemakonnen5d you dont understand how long it took to get a follow off you ive been staying up everynight since its 1 am over here in the uk love you so so much and thankyou for everything 
you forgot the none option 
i talk to the moon hoping it speaks to you most nights. 
sad yo see you go, sundance..cross the rainbow bridge safely!!! happy month of may!!! 
why did mk pull over the damn car to look at some baby ducks 
the sixers really don’t want it 
sucess in your carrer.... is measured by the amount of money you make and the material possessions you accumulated 
i got lost in him & it’s the kind of lost that’s exactly like being found 
you know the goat is getting the ot winner #marlies 
my family is literally playing with empty crushed soda bottles (kinda like hockey with your hands) at the kitchen table and they think its the funniest thing in the world... its not... 
everyone that sees this.. please take a shot of tequila for the kid 
he’s a really good coach, however, competence from the sixers would have them up 2-1 in the series. it’s a joke how they played down the stretch. that being said i respect stevens a lot. i’m just not into coach worship. 
finding the high glove corner with a slapshot from that far away is hard to comprehend 
ok so i'm finally diving down the rabbit hole that is the before trilogy and i just hope i like it ok 
but fortunately we already have 3 years of history to show what a disaster the largest tax in the history of alberta has had. 
#lrt that’s all the way true 
well @shutuppuhl and i have our picks locked in for #wwebacklash ... unfortunately @ announcerterry isn't here to put the title on the line... next time gadget! next time! 
1 amazing follower in the last day and there will be more tomorrow. growing with 
would matt harvey improve the indians pitching staff? 
shoutout once again @ hoopsshowdown was a success!!! by the way @ best_announcer had me in tearsgood work dawg 
i kept having this weird reaccuring dream and it all of the sudden was slightly different like last week and since then i haven’t had it again 
a president presides. trump derides anything and everything: people, places, institutions, traditions, the 4th estate and last of all, government itself. 
yup! watched the first half, recorded the second. hell of a last home game for arsene. 
the zieteirion theater in new bedford ma! it's a beautiful theatre that carlin himself played. it's no carnegie hall but it's a beautiful, intimate, theatre in a city full of gays!!!!! 
just trying to keep people out of the area, only thing they can do. 
check us out! today we recorded with a 23-year-old tech star, one of the youngest 1st ads in the dga, and a reporter for entertainment tonight! … 
written in these walls are the stories i cant explain 
plibersek one can see what you are doing with the use of “yep” dumbing down so as to appeal to your voter base....the young who unfortunately are the product of the appalling tutoring by left wing teachers... yep 
you did awesome, i can't get enough of the song. i love you and take care 
uhhh....guns aren't toys. looks like the child thinks it's a video game 
“...it’s all thick and fantastic, kinda like me” . let me tell y’all how much i hate @ olivia_nope also, i mean where is the lie! 
welcome to the jungle! 
4 new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
also, it's my favorite kind of album: all four star songs from beginning to end. no distracting greatest hits, no bum tracks to skip. just solid and consistent and listeanble all the way through. (see also: the creek drank the cradle, midnite vultures, give up) 
@ jessicatarlov you have got to be kidding, rosie was using different names to bypass the law on political donations. she needs sent to the pig pen 
i bet all these fashions make the #meggala ballroom look like a modern interpretation of olympus. 
spring is here! make the most of it and you could win a $10,000 visa® prepaid card. #sweepstakes 
yknow that video clip where a cow or something is lowered into a river & the river appears to boil ferociously, & it’s raised again within seconds to show that the piranha have devoured it to the bone? put a pound of cherry tomatoes on my kitchen counter & walk away. same. 
"...rich in detail but also a fantastic read; i thoroughly enjoyed this humorous, but tragic journey." the cherubim rosewood - author larry d. shackelford #free with #kindleunlimited #christian #osfarg 
i aspire to go to the #metgala and be as casual as blake lively in her *on theme* dressing gown 
look at the back of his jacket!!!!!!!!! yall … 
the logic conclusion is for them to kill themselves 
summer b coming through at the last minute she real 
via zach: always so good to see my friend @ carrieunderwood coming to the… … 
yet another welcome boost for iran. it just kills them how they can't stop the resistance allies 
you still took the win feelsbadman 
all we get from you and your trolling friends is hate. we think you are hateful and don't understand how or why you could act the way you do. maybe you should try a new approach because you're failing miserably 
gonna be trying out the low-latency beta! finally twitch caught up! 
you have talked the talke but can you walk the walk … 
here's a look at the mid-atlantic radar map. #mdwx 
dear @ bankofamerica why are you going back on not backing gun makers??? thought you wanted to do the right thing. 
how do you get in that position falling down the stairs 
3am is the worst am 
for a great low rate you can get online, go to the general and save some time! 
that’s 15 up, 15 down for @ baseballvbhs starter hunter cooley. headed to the bottom of the 5th, still scoreless. #tcprepzone 
#blackadderbot no, no. i have won the battle, i have saved the kingdom i think i can find myself a horse! 
hey joyous join the mindfulness at work summit on june 11 to 20th.… … 
on 08/05/18 at 16:30 the river level was 0.19m. 
i'm the you control you keys type but if it were facebook, i'd imagine it would control the keys for you. it's too broad of a product with too many normal people to force you up the learning curve of a seed phrase. it's an interesting idea maze to explore. 
make sure y'all click the link and go subscribe to our youtube channel!!! #like #share … 
capp oil gas canada with more than $40 billion in annual investments, canada’s oil and natural gas industry is the largest private investor in the country. but canada has fallen behind in global competitiveness and is overshadowed by u.s. production: 
cheer for us roke lokes. *clinks beer glass to you* but if you're broke, and i'm broke. who's flying the gotdam plane. i got fired from my first job mainly had to greet people and clean up their messy crap. my social anxiety shot thru the roof and deep into space. 
liking all the patterns and lines today! #keeponstyling 
even the situations seem really dark and gloomy, if we trust god to take care of the circumstances, he will bring us to the other side with joy and hope. good morning :-) 
go read up on henry mayhew and how most of the people he interviewed held that the free market was great if you had the money but only depressed wages of those who's rents made it impossible to compete with cheap labour imported from abroad. 
no waitlist for the ipsy glam bag if you join now through this link … 
hypothetically speaking, next guy i'm with gotta be in the gym on the regular. not even because i like big guys, i just want someone who likes working out as much as i do..... and can put me on to some new workouts 
photos: meet the nigerian who builds drones for the us army | welcome to oxygenmania's blog 
i got all of the materials in for my newest program! the water… … 
wow and to think @ jillmurff went from the hood tagging money over bitches on boards to graduating college tomorrow...what a rags to riches story.... 
the next time someone says “you didn’t look sick” i’m going to turn into a pile of fairies, then always be that blinking light in their room when they are trying to sleep. 
@ zackfox the … 
it was going ok and then he just had the worst flare-up the past few days so we're still trying to figure it out :/ 
apparently my grandma and i tire out the little one @renton,… … 
yeah? how many times has he gotten you into the playoffs? i seem to recall the packers missing the playoffs what, once since he has been gone? 
this tita is trying to rock the totoro do sana @ juliegrafia … 
a copter takes in the sunset. probably a slightly better view than mine. 
you’ve already gifted my account enough with the sr 
i was obsessed with zodiac for years. and then i got friends hooked on his story. yesterday’s crimes: dna profiles and the murderers who might be zodiac - … 
a fan was really nervous to say something to sebastian so he went to go hug her and look at the way he hugged her my heart is so full!!!! 
stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and no unfollowers :) via . 
@ twittersupport hi! it's like two days that my followers don't have any notifications by me. i don't know what's the problem. it was working perfectly so far. also, my account was suspended two days ago for a bot suspicion due of my suspect activities. is this the probleme? 
there’s a pink one at spencer’s in flatirons mall in the bachelorette section lol 
i’m ready for the drama #empire 
all im saying is if mourinho or lowe had to deal with what our wc players perform like it would be a different story ! mourinho wouldnt have this look at pogba ! expectations are higher because of the money there on except it. 
i don’t have the time for negativity i have to go fight cogs on toontown 
although it’s a relatively narrow use case., the snip insights tool is an interesting example of how #ai technology can be integrated into everyday productivity tools via @ techcrunch 
i agree, personally, but we should probably ask them. get the 'mechs' take on this 
nick markakis with his 7th hr of the year. feels like a home game here as the #chop breaks out at tropicana field. wow! 
i liked a @ youtube video kenny g | the moment | briansthing wedding performance 
i personally liked the white m.j. 
apparently academy awards are on the 26th which means i have approximately no time to find a dress oh my god 
what’s the move tn? 
all you bitches use the same captions. like cmon now ain’t none of you bitches showing off anything relevant 
two days of the week i was your main thing cause soon enough, i found out that the other days were taken 
the last episode #greysanatomy before the season finale @ greysabc and sometimes even heroes need saving on #station19 @ station19 by @ byshondaland @ shondarhimes @ sarahdrew #tgit #weloveaprilkepner 
oh, look. there's more democracy in iraq than in the usa. can you even imagine choosing from among 30 candidates? … 
prosecutors, extortion, and bribery #bribery #extortion #robertmueller … 
imma meet a girl, get good feelings, take her to st thomas and if she don’t complain about the heat nor mosquitoes, she’s the one 
people are making rubbish comments on the day he will come back 
"we support america, damn it. stand for the flag or get out" meanwhile, they shit all over the flag code and call it patriotism, lmao... 
the patriarchy gonna patriarchy. 
i hate everyone and i@deactivating my twitter if anyone needs me i’ll be setting fire to the fox building 
the wilderness lodge dvc villa area has so many good parts 
made a couple of good saves but the short misses really derail what could be great rounds for tiger. hopefully it all comes together tomorow and he can get into contention ahead of the weekend. 
so brooklyn nine-nine got cancelled while shit shows like the big bang theory continues, seriously what's happening to tv 
love that i work at a place where being smart is still cool!! thanks for upholding the culture @ mrsj_foley @ msthornburg @ sid64ish @ skidtrhoades @ … 
this is what happens when you associate with those higher up the higher up you go the worse it gets. very few truly independent people. i like jake morphonios. good reporter. 
they would be a great dark horse win!!! i agree, they clearly love what they do. what really got me in the nf was the engagement with the audience and the audience's energy and excitement, wow! although, it looked more tame in the arena, or was that just the camera angles? 
now playing on our gothic paradise show: the sisters of mercy - logic 
me: hey! i can finally relax for a bit so i can finish that indie game, the coma! sis: really? me: yeah! sis: you wanna play it right now? me: gimme a second i just gotta do some work. 
i like being single but hate it in the same sense 
not ever. . **update: 500 bundles left!!** the 4 book bundle is available via the link in the bio for $12. 
i'm just amazed people like you exist. you must be sooooo proud of saying hateful things to a woman whose husband is dying. bravo. truthfully, this is the exact behavior we've come to expect from trump supporters. i hope others treat your family better than you treated his. 
i’ve accomplished more in the past 5 months than i did in 3 years. 
sigh. you suck! (not really; pass the kleenex.) 
hi, you have good taste. let's be friends and talk about all the banging ships we have to choose from. 
@ naqvi_akmal @multiyazansari @pakki_dehatun thanks for the recent retweets have an awesome day :) - grow your twitter followers with … 
at the longest line of all time. the line into heaven is shorter than this. 
“to change the world, start with one step. however small. the first step is hardest of all....” -dave matthews #runasone 
...and i bet they never imagined they’d have such wiling accomplices from the media and half the us population. idiots. we read every one of the 3,517 facebook ads bought by russians. their dominant strategy: sowing racial discord via @ usatoday 
ft of the $16.50 crocodile, $690 for 1st 
#fridayreads pick up the #scifi novel strand! you'll love it! … #amazoncart #kindle book 2 available now ! it got its first review and its 5 stars! 
it's 1% at five months. all tragic cases of much wanted children. over 90% pre 12 wks, most pre 10 wks medically. stop desperately trying to twist the truth to fit your narrative. it's so easy to disprove. 
truly. but men ask more than you think. i never ask unless i’m asked. i feel like other questions are more essential. like, “when was the last time you got tested” for example. but you right on this app it’s trash 
i'm actually livid that the cw passed on #waywardsisters. i thought it was already a go. and i was looking forward to it. 
then the first game better end in about a minute and a half. … 
that was his father. are the sins of the father on the child? 
the open door by evanescence a instant classic 
overall just really smart. they aren’t your typical boy band. they are also all visuals. sure, you can pass it off as “good look so what?” but staying fit and retaining stamina (especially to sing and dance at the same time) is really hard. their workout schedule and training++ 
easlily the best thing or the worst 
@ meganbata then have can have commentaries anywhere on it.later i give you title in the cover.first page this could be seen,"that's not writing,that's typing!"-truman capote,of jack kerouac.we could sell it to bookstores for people to read it.we could... 
congratulations howard grads! super duper proud of the new alum fam, sending all my love your way. 
i love the smell of temazepam in the morning. #therapeuticmovies 
-" don't tell people what you want from life people love to spoil the beautiful things." -لا تخبر الناس بما تريد من الحياة,الناس يحبون أن يفسدُ الأشياء الجميلة. 
unfortunately the @ eurovision has become a farce especially when israel & australia who are not european countries are allowed to participate … 
she'll have the pain of that relationship longer than the puppy. 
just one. the rest suck. 
i don't get the tix and realize the show is on a weekday lmao 
if youre gonna suck then do it in style! that #1 overall pick might be the cherry on top come 2020/2021. 
what the. bs sr. looks like a young person disguised as an old person. … 
lol the juice 
when the messiah was executed on the stake as a criminal, i was too; so that my proud ego no long… … 
heard some banging just as i was going bed looked out n some long haired man banging on 3 of houses doors across the road in the end he kicked one of the doors in (no one lives in the one he kicked in) rang the #popo 4 turned up but dont look like they found anyone inside 
anyway wildcard palestine into the competition next year. i want israel and palestine to be able to bond over destroying the uk at music 
when the sun and wind give you the perfect formula for an amazing… … 
lock and load--ready to rock and roll. just give the word. … 
when lil wayne said “so you had a lot of moments that didn’t last foreva, now you in the corner just tryna put it together, how to love” we all felt that 
manic drive - singing in the rain 
agreed. losing the election doesnt mean that bn should stop and quit. sometimes losing just means they need to realize everything they have done wrong and change for a better future … 
quisiera que the walking dead sea real jeje 
lmao u know the first time i ever saw that vid i was like wow look cyan 
y’all got the money for that basketball season for me to come over tomorrow and get my hair cut 
royal wedding fanatics! the lifetime movie is about to come on! let the watch party begin!!! sweet baby jesus, i want my love story to be just as sweet! 
all opinions have value. when you are unsure of what to do, ask the advice of someone you don't respect and do the opposite. 
happy mother’s day to the best out there ! 
how have kids of indian descent managed to dominate the national spelling bee so thoroughly?!! … 
jake, i hate to tell you, but the american people don’t care about this nonsense. this has been an amazing week-hostages released, top isis terrorists captured, meeting with nk set. this is what we’re focused on. 
the universe is listening be careful what you say in it 
kyle korver with frank words on what the @ cavs need to do better following the game 1 loss to the celtics. 
me and @ notamendi30 are members of the club! are you? … 
happy mother’s day to all of the moms with only consonants for initials and only them! #mothersday 
she's pretty and says things that a sizable portion of people want to be true. modern politics isn't about facts or truth. it's about narratives. the "immigrants are lazy and entitled" narrative helps people justify their racist thoughts. 
the cure te amo 
bilinguals hollering in the distance … 
so the republican candidate's campaign staff is not allowed to meet with the ambassador to qatar? as far as him later controlling qia, that is fairly regular. several of obama administration came from investment world. and have returned to it since. 
i’ve been on the same stuff and you’ve been on that new shit 
it's the name of an album, group sex 
i would like to know if there is any money left at the treasury. 
the old pat white steve slayton says were so much fun to watch. the most dynamic duo in college ball for a long time. … 
i’m bout to do this media shit with no hand-outs.. no family members that have a friend to put me on , no sneaking in the back door .. none of that shit!! imma get this shit from the mud , so if you not on the boat now .. don’t hop on once i get on. 
merrifield hit a solo home run over the left field wall. soler grounded out to the third baseman. moose got a base hit to left field. perez grounded into a double play. three down. to the top of the fourth we go. 1-1. 
wondering how to grow on twitter? i gained 5 followers in the past week. this is the app: 
rockets/warriors, raw/uk. the ish is on..........now!! #wwe #nbaplayoffs #wweuktour #nba 
well i got the rockets winning tonight 
“jesus said to him, ‘go; your son will live.’ the man believed the word that jesus spoke to him and went on his way.” (john 4:50). there was no magic “poof”. there was no spectacle. there was nothing but jesus’ words “your son will live.” yet the man believed the word of jesus. 
you're in prison. use the first 7 people in your taglist: who reports you: @heyawissa your cellmate: @ therosebud_yt security guard: @ ziistel bails you out: @sparklingpxlsyt psycho near you: @ cristeysims best friend: @ stormydayzgamez lawyer: @ loriell86 lol 
but the college has known since around homecoming that it wouldn’t be happening again so... 
never liked knowing bros even if the groups i stan guest on that show 
i just voted for bts at the billboard music awards #ivotebtsbbmas! you can vote 
like vinegar to the teeth and smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to those who send him. proverbs 10:26 - … 
and as you said they were soliciting white house leaks...again in the most leaking administration in the history of the county wikileaks got nothing? not a single leaker sent them anything despite being whistle-blower central? or maybe they did and are deciding to sit on it? 
harry kane is that kid in school who you never want to play with cos he never passes the ball 
@ 3pennymovies @ thekwizatshader @ vzagob just wanted say thank you for the recent #retweet(s). its participation, like yours, that makes up the backbone of this online community. i want express my sincerest #gratitude walk in 
#thesarahwestgalleryoffineart is honored to announce the return of fine art classes to participating local schools during the next school year 2018-2019, at #wacoochee and @ wsseschool @ leecoschools @ smithsstational 
end of the day؛ 
swinging radio the 60's super station the swinging blue jeans dont make me over … 
not as another sequel (just because they won't spend the money on it to make it that way), but could certainly see this working as a reboot, would love to see a new generation of species films 
if you can’t refrain from watching the show that shall remain nameless please at least refrain from giving it any attention on twitter! do not hash tag it! 
love the photo 
the one that got away 
my child is in here literally cleaning! he’s moping, wiping counters off, vacuuming! right now he’s in the bathroom cleaning the sink and tub i love him 
under the hood of liability in the age of self-driving vehicles … 
no spoilers plz. i watch the omnibus 
@ basstunedtored @ redmysterio96 thanks for being my top engaged members in the last week :) - get your [free] recurring tweet here: … 
phew at least i missed out on those car repairs by selling my car to live in the most expensive city in the country. let's not talk about the others. 
wow this is really terrible. .. i am glad that they're better now. but on the other side i can't stop thinking about the people that are in training rn... … 
concerns mentioned tonight: recreation, transportation and a larger slice of the pie. in particular, several have advocated for a spot on fields road, where they say the city should put a planned athletic complex. … 
happiest bday to my baby girl @ angelaytbl u know how grateful i am to have you. i miss our random convo. always remember u got me in all ways, i love and miss u! see you on sat, wait for my long message within the day. enjoy --cant find our latest pic 
1 tweep unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. thank you . 
omg a whole series like 30 for 30. they could do four seasons of it. the best. what a time to be alive. 
they've put out a good number of devastating pieces about the palestinian slaughters, all just brilliant. 
great opportunity for @ stanbackmalik today. first fbs offer from @ odufootball today. thanks @ ballcoachja for coming by with the news 
#blackadderbot i'll just have to sit this one out on the touchline with the half-time oranges and the fat wheezy boys with a note... 1/2 
trust the process. 
"oh i'll just hit a fly ball here and get the run in." -spectators 
why is it that when men walk into a room they only acknowledge other men? women, let’s start walking into the room and only aknowledge each other first, praise each other’s work, and welcome each other into the conversation. #strongwomenlifteachotherup 
i ask the hard hitting questions. 
5-16-18 – it is the fake jews that are anti-semites via @ youtube 
if it's the two of you, sign me up! 
if you don't know peter, please look him up. he's an inspiration & one of the very best on healthcare. thanks for being a leader for our country's health. … 
i’m currently in class and i thought it was a good idea to watch the bts fake love second teaser. me rn: 
‘keep on’ is a phrasal verb using the verb form of ‘keep’. it is commonly used with a gerund clause, which contains a verb used as a noun ending in –ing. used this way, it has the meaning of continuing on or persist in doing something without any intention of stopping. 
back to the music 
rip @ davidburns99 who got kbd by the shimmy bouncers tonight. 
the クラッシュ！（nttドコモ xperia z5 premium so-03h） - ケータイ watch … @ ktai_watchから 
it’s always the same ppl that win 
my grandpa went to where my dad keeps his vodka, poured himself a shot and went to the bathroom to take it so my grandma doesn’t see 
it's weird how you forfeit so many rights in an american airport but then you can drink all over the place for once? it upends some things 
i believe you that if this rule were perfectly followed and enforceable, it would get rid of wobbling. my qualm is that i don't believe it is enforceable enough and requires too much in the way of extra logistics in order to do so. 
valid points. lamentable that it remains ‘elite level’ as it does have immediate & long term consequences to all filipinos, not just fishermen. the educated elites must regrettably bear some responsibility here. no doubt bj loves to see this apathy 2b continued @ jnery_newsstand 
the replies to this show the lack of economical knowledge people have these days. 
the price for 1 day is the same amount that it used to cost to go for 4 days a few years ago its so annoying i hate anime 
a story of survival, and the love for a woman that motivates a man to change his life. dangerous perceptions: unintended consequences by exciting author @ stuartm44548951 
i liked a @ youtube video the truth about lil tay 
stats for the week have arrived. 2 new followers and no unfollowers :) via . 
been 6 years overdue. time to get the holy grailz 
time for the #gotham season finale. 
if you think the words "brainstorm" you will hear it say "brain storm", if you think the words "green needle" you will hear it say "green needle". all the same audio in a loop! … 
i love boys but i hate them at the same time 
the princess bride cereal cinema, late night laughs & more! - … 
tb #tinkele in the making. … 
#blackops4 would be more appealing with clan wars, please listen to your players @ callofduty @ charlieintel @ treyarch @ activision it’s what keeps most of the people that get bored from switching to a different game! #callofduty 
this is what i love about our @ whitehouse & the @ realdonaldtrump administration - there's a time for work and some time for fun. good people doing a great job. little things like this connect with the people. #covfefewillneverdie … 
well atleast they got the moments in the shed dmsksn thats something i guess 
good. team will be patient as he makes transition to being a pro, but u can see the skills. 
i was starting to miss working at the bank but y’all making me not miss it anymore lol bank customers are the worst 
yes! i am glad i am not the only one who remembers that show. that show ruled. 
what the fuck … 
haberman: leaks have vexed the president … shows how stupid these people really are: what was said about a national hero and all they are worried about is it was leaked. trump is poor excuse for a real man! 
sorry for the confusion! at the deadpool double feature in imax, cine 1 or cine capri, you will receive your a tiny deadpool figurine. hope this helps! 
have you heard ‘the weeknd - wale type beat mmg’ by badd badd leroy brown beatz on #soundcloud? #np … 
me neither. gen 5 is my least favorite but i still love every single gen with my heart 
you do realize that cops kill 2x more whites than blacks. i don’t want anyone to be killed by the police but if everyone complied even if you think they are in the wrong this would all go away 
retweeted empowering women ( @ tabithakhaye): bad things happen: - every day. - to everyone. the difference is in how people deal with it. 
its wierd, cause there was a day that you existed, and there was a day you werent here. just like that. i understand your will to leave, and im upset that i understand that. and now the world is a crappier place cause you are not here 
going live in a minute to open up the albums i got. 
it’s the night before prom and i’m still as fat and ugly as i was 4 months ago. @god you got 12 hours to work your magic buddy 
stats for the week have arrived. 1 new unfollower. stats via . 
tbh them turn ups can wait, i got money to chase and i can’t do that being all in the mix. never see me out in person cuz i live in my work place 
are these for the panthera!? plspls 
i'm just glad you've joined the rest of us, dude. 
omg are you kidding me! have you looked in the mirror lately!? like goddamn 
good things in the buff riku spinners and could use your help, take a look an... 
those children are very lucky, it's not very often you get to meet the first lady. she does inspire many people. on your avatar with this not be more appropriate? 
unlected #tory lords is blates more democratic than the #eu right now... … 
happiest 20th birthday shirlyn may! sobrang dalaga na u, iba ka sa lahat. yun lang maraming salamat dahil naging friend kita huhuhuhu so lucky me basta stay who u are, stay pretty and trust the process. 
i felt the aggression through the phone 
brah they got the steak lookin grade a? 
this appeared to have been main goal. thing is, obama's orders may have been reversed, but the awakening he stirred still grows. and while attempts to squash bezos, we are amassing. … 
again.... this generation. we have to figure out where the breakdown is that these kids have no respect for human life. 
cancer policy news roundup: nccs' weekly roundup of policy news affecting the cancer community. topics: drug pricing plan, 2019 premium increases, short-term plans, medicare mulls covering gene therapies, and more. 
pentagon spokesperson doubles down on 'desperate' taliban comment. yogi berra: "the other teams could make trouble for us if they win.” casey stengel: "if we’re going to win the pennant, we’ve got to start thinking we’re not as good as we think we are.” … 
i'm half-expecting the next cartoon to just be a bunch of stick figures. these new lazy art styles are just embarrassing. 
“bringing up baby” and popcorn. see y’all on the other side of the weekend. 
all the time! don’t try my mama when im in the car with her. … 
the standard … 
lmao i thought this whole time you were talking about the rays beating the royals??? i didn’t know the royal wedding was today oops 
america doesn’t have a gun problem it has a sin problem. return to the lord and we’ll see less of this behavior 
"hurry. i think the gospel choir is about to sing. i just know they are going to break out and do the wobble. 
super proud of @ the_polish_dawg for graduating with associates of science degree from @ wwcc_mustangs while wrestling for @ wwcc_wrestling . two more years and you’ll be an electrical engineer! #wwccwrestling #wwcc2018 
melania wants to know who the f*^k "melanie" is!!! 
i liked a @ youtube video bohemian rhapsody: the movie - official teaser trailer (hd) 
so since my mom said the concert ticket was a birthday and christmas gift she got one for herself to go with me and now she doesn't want ga and my heart is just- 
i think it’s supposed to be hardens defense ain’t he supposed to be on kd? 
like a state trooper i make my money on the road 
the capitals are lucky to only be down 2-0 
im proud to be part of the reeses pieces family.. we all love you hailey 
check out the new saturday night movie with sunshine on @ hauntedsunshine channel. #sharingiscaring 
there are holes but they aren’t as noticeable when the individual parts are so engaging & characters so compelling. 
probably the best sentence i’ve read all day … 
my two big scores today. the jack-o-bastard fez… … 
minthorn lays down the bunt and it leads to a run from reece on a tv throwing error to make it 5-1 tl in the bottom of the sixth. 
this is the part of sports i hate. the excessiveness of the behavior of some. while it’s all fun and games watching bills mafia go apeshit on nfl sundays, threatening the life of another is horseshit. i’m sorry that happened. did you file a report? 
8am sunday hk hangover requires egg and chips, posh tip: use sea salt, add jalapenos. don't spare the brown sauce! 
i do! i care that this administration is filled with pay to play sleaze. the real question is why don’t you? 
@ cellcommarathon will the finisher merchandise be available on line? 
he traded fournette for mixon and dj moore right after that too. thats a pretty fair trade but im one of the few mixon pessimists so i thought it was funny 
@ taylorswift13 you’re my american queen!!!!! the queen of my whole heart!!!! 
im going to get the btsanime @ 
sorry, in you’re tutorial “creating a realistic water simulation in blender”, you change the vertices of a cycle from 32 to 16. but in blender 2.8, i don’t find these option :/ 
so he’s basically the devil. 
the number of technical documents i read that can be summed up as “hey we did a thing!!” without explaining why they did the thing drives me up a wall 
i had fun too i was already sore prior because the gym. i can’t move too much now 
no, it's in the living, breathing section, next to transgender rights & abortion....... … 
do you want the sweetest cat in the world? 
there's still time to win this 564-page book #healing #herbs by michael castleman. the essential guide to more than 130 of nature's most potent #herbal remedies. details here the comp closes 5pm on monday 21 may 2018 
no this is not fox , i'v live it, and now some of my family and friend are living it,, almost 3 years ago , i'v told them about trudeau, they can't wait for the next election to vote him out , they are loosing their country. i think its to late for them , 
today is 2018-05-20 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
why the fuck do i always pee so loudly 
so we have a new fur-ever addition to the family. we spent several hours with @ karmarescue finding the perfect fit. it wasn’t who we thought it was going to be but we couldn’t be happier to adopt primrose. welcome to the family. 
the post-graduation glo up is gonna be so real 
there is a sacredness floating thick in the air. it envelopes me in divinity, rawness, and purification. 
tbt to the time i became a meme at the 2016 #bbmas 
chloë sevigny on the trials and tribulations of red-carpet dressing 
nothing like a photo op with a pedophile "nader’s problem was pedophilia.... but in may 2003, nader was convicted in the czech republic of 10 counts of sexually abusing minors and sentenced to a one-year prison term, the ap revealed in march." 
my @is the same 
#traffic - #congestion: location : the a66 eastbound between the junctions with the a135 and the a1045 reason : #congestion status : cleared 
hoping for tanaka today. he can be a great pitcher whenever he wants to be. he just needs to relax and pitch like he knows he can. also i'm hoping didi will get things going tonight. he's back in the clean up spot where he's produced a lot this season. hopefully he will today. 
*texts this to the person reading this* 
did you know it was possible to get a sunburn through a white shirt? because i didn’t. the more you know 
as you may be aware through our media exposure and participation in some of our events, junior auxiliary of taney county is more than a non-profit organization; it’s a group of women united by a single cause and dedicated to helping the children of... 
in the mood to take a nap on the cheeks 
dragon airways - steer clear of the landing gear. 
oh sweetie. only fox viewers are misinformed. the rest of us know you are in big trouble. bigly. the biggest, most beautiful trouble that anyone’s ever seen. period. 
the monopoly obtains an increased volume of profit in circumstances which preclude further investment of capital within its own sphere … 
#capitals are never better when expectations are low. they are 9-6 in game 6 in the ovechkin era, with 5 straight wins. but they've been in this situation — down 3-2, at home — only once. they beat the nyr 2-1 in 2012. i'll take the caps (-125) to tantalize their fans once more. 
also the bookstore ran out of 2018 stoles so am i really a graduate ? 
'harry enough with the anti american rhetoric' harry is ww2 vet same guy, 'you'd have some respect' pfffft 
do it in a more public forum. like an oped in major newspapers. make friends in the media. 
it’s about that time i start traveling the world 
am i the only one who thinks steph actually said "this is my mf house" instead of "this is my fucking house" lol 
i needa set the first tattoo appointment 
congress needs to have the backbone to address the blame on school shootings where it belongs! not to more useless laws & restrictions on #2ndamendment. #2a … 
shit the baby #suga … 
today i learned an important lesson that if food instructions are in a language you can't speak, don't disregard them and put it in the microwave... 
new bill to update the divorce act.the ´best interest of the child’ and the factors to be considered are similar to what we have in manitoba’s family maintenance act. change of language to replace the term ‘custody’ and reduce conflict, maximize contact. … 
finally watched evil genius...maaaaan what in the actual fuck 
if anyone wants to go clubbing or like out out where i gotta dress like i'm actually going out (and not just drinking and getting tacos) in the next ten days, ya gotta tell me like by tomorrow bc there is a suitcase in my closet and i am officially packing #jacquk 
i think tizen is a much more resource miserly os that is better suited for smart watches and devices than wearos. the issue is the app gap. poor decision by samsung imho. this is a tizen death knell unless it gets another master. 
believe there should’ve been aright before that scene. it was probably the worst one out of the whole series,totally unexpected too. once again,i’m sorry for your friend,i hope they have a good support system.thank u for being open to my point of view and not lashing out 
snopes says this is not the case: … 
prepared remarks by u.s. secretary of education betsy devos to the house education and the workforce committee - - #education #lln 
listening to the hits of boys like girls. nostalgia at its finest. 
should i continue the flood of content to clear my storage or should i wait 
@ betoorourke @ tomsteyer @the_marketmogul democrats need to run on bold ideas. it's time to let roads and bridges crumble. … 
a fan asked cap if there any songs he composed he wants the fans to listen to. cap: “please wait patiently” (stardust_0710) 
his only consistency is a walk an inning lol, absolutely amazing his era is in the mid 3s 
it doesn’t have to be so complicated. give the “kicking” team the option to have the “receiving” team take possession on th 20 or do a traditional kick. with this setup they would only pick kick when they need an onside kick. 
i not fan of the hentai, but i wanna create stories 
i have seen this back home in pakistan, people selling their vote for a plate of rice , but never heard this kind of nonsense in the developed world. where are tories getting their ideas from ?? pathetic!! 
oops!! before the season started @ thescore predicted a last place finish for #vegasgoldenknights ... now they are predicting them to win the #stanleycup ! … 
grasping for straws... either you're being purposefully dense, or you dont know the definition of journalism nor unemployed... get that money tho, i guess 
the crooked republicans want russia to win for them in 2018 & 2020. they don't want to stop the russians from interfering. officials warn congress of russian election hacking threats in the midterms … via @ politicususa 
the 
exactly!! who cares if they graduate. where do these brats get the idea that they can make stupid threats to get their way? sorry kiddos thats not the way life works. you play by the rules or you lose the game. get off kyle's ass and get over your jealosy. 
the hate seems more justified by the day to be honest. 
make-a-wish america has opened a few internships for the summer semester.these are paid positions, more info below: marketing internship: social media intern: human resources internship: apply by may 
all of a sudden rae is completely terrified of outside and wants nothing to do with it. i think she just hates all the cars that go by. 
today is 2018-05-23 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
no free speech says the … 
skressful bruh. this was me while she was working on the bathroom lmfao 
me gustó un video de @ youtube how to kotlin - from the lead kotlin language designer (google i/o '18) 
the new acer chromebooks are the cheap macbook alternative we all expected – bgr … 
is the burning and killing still going on up there? 
i’m not getting the jets love. didn’t nfl owners vote unanimously for their new policy? did jets abstain? is chairman not the owner? 
when you smile, we smile, kara! thank you so much for sharing your appreciation. we would love to recognize them internally! could you dm us your confirmation number, so we can pass along the kind words? -allison 
exactly. and i don't hear the outrage from those so fervently defending 'the flag." 
the more we see the #ai being applied creatively, the better we understand the complexity of the … 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes ... i really appreciate it 
i finally picked up info wars via shortwave. i can finally be shilled vitamins and water filters the way god intended 
this is happening because the people have voted with their time and money. this is the free market working at its best. 
this looks like 20 minuets in the bathroom and coming out sweating … 
she bout that shit the city loves your daughter 
i’m laying on the floor, this is what park jimin does to people 
today is 2018-05-24 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
… good night girls from the team 
#stargazingabc now i know why nobody picked up the phone when i rang them last night, most aussies were too busy stargazing! 
i feel like you’re being a liiiiitke dramatic. like, is it really necessary to burn down the entire state? 
if i was an ex-navy seal i do not think i would want to be in congress i would rather be sneaking into the scumbags bedrooms at night telling them they better toe the f****** line 
the real disruptor realme1 … sale on may 25th with exciting offers upto inr 5000 - sale starts from 12pm onward exclusively on amazon. the 6gb ram+128gb rom at inr 13,990/- the 3gb ram+32gb rom at inr 8,990/ from @ realmemobiles #realme1 
the anniversary event homescreen is absolutely amazing!!! every hero moves just a bit!!! @ playoverwatch is there any way of getting this in gif form without the play, training, hero gallery text on screen?!?! please!!!!! 
the top content marketing metrics that matter most to publishers 
director bio: jennifer sheridan (the super recogniser) … 
#malaysiajobs #jobs #vacancy hr cum admin executive wanted urgently in jalan ipoh kl! - our client involved in the sales, installation and maintenance of lift equipment throughout malaysia. - responsible for the day-to-day hr... … 
the escalating weather guarantee is now back to $1,000. each day @ news1130weather meets his guaranteed high, we add $100 to the pot until he misses it again! … 
oh my god you only get 60%???!! i feel like that's so low, my mentor is doing 50/50 when starting, then 70-80% towards the end of my apprenticeship/start of my career 
lost woods by goblins from mars from the album lost woods 
better question is why does it. you feel it does based on your opinion. per scripture in the ot a child is not recognized until after first breath. what exactly per god of the ot that you are quoting are you killing? nothing 
my buddy said it was taken with a filter that really played up the ominous side of the moment 
i’m taking a break from betting till the world cup, best believe i’ll be eating 
there are though, because the case was in the system and documents were being filed before the settlement occurred. settling out of court doesn’t mean there’s no record.; that’s not how it works. 
20:00:00 |temp: 71.7ºf | heat index: 71.7ºf | dew point: 56.6ºf | rain today: 0.40 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the ene, gusting to 2.0 
wow! gato! good one. the real obama! 
just for a example i see no reason to keep shipping the reylo thing. given all that has now happened in the two films there. in but you know what i wont step on some ones buzz. just because i think it does not work i dont ever want to be stuck in my own bubble. love or hate wyw 
my family is tired of me burning incense well if you stop letting tyler pic the scentsy smells maybe ill stop burning them 
yea don't watch ms 13 or the illegal are all the killing or drugs in houston!! @ dloesch yea that's a #1 target !! i got a 1000 says pc is a dem! just shooting from the hip … 
...that's not exactly fair. abortion needs to be a personal decision due to economic factors. it's a morality vs. ethics dilemma. if abortion was illegal, what would society do with all the unwanted babies? 
@ nba2k i have a problem connecting to the server 
a stain on the soul of our nation. drains our national honour. @ steveschmidtses 
it's @ robertiger you're not tweeting that to the right person lol 
you're a damned fool, padraic, who champions the murder of the most defenseless among us, and then dresses his illogic up with some tired gibberish about rights. ireland now becomes no better than mexico under the aztecs, a pagan place embracing human sacrifice. 
true. luckily people are allowed to bring their edog to the park so they can love it too. 
@ walmart @ walmarthelp i ordered two items for pickup at my local store; the initial email message reads it will be ready 5/25 after 6 but i have not received an email stating my items are ready for pickup. 
will it be the boat for him? … 
i really shouldn’t have given you none of my time cause you older then the nigga you running behind 
the beach! 
the day after the election i was crying and my coworker said, “when they put us in the ghettos at least i’ll be in the gay ghetto-that’s where the party will be.” i wanted to be in the gay ghetto, too, but she said no. 
the white ribbon 
lord buddha taught to question everything. including his own teachings. if something works for you, then by all means accept it. if it isn't, then do your best to strive for the truth. 
wilson just uncorked a personal best throw of 38-10 which will put her on the podium. the throw was a pr by over a foot. 
embarrassed myself twice tonight, oh the shame!! 
wit a 2-1 win over the @ bluejays, the @ phillies go top of the national league east! #bebold @ phillies @ ukphillies @ thegoodphight @ 
gostei de um vídeo do @ youtube the him - broken love (feat. parson james) [official audio] 
i’m past answering questions. i just continue with the conversation as if i speaking to myself. 
my favourite past time is being op abused on in a 2donkeys game and getting screwed out of a 5 kill game because the respawn command is a fun command 
where did the emoji come from 
shit got me heated bro, win every game in the last 2 rounds and beat a team that made it to the chip the very game before the championship....and they advance over us 
by the way, since i've fallen off the face of the planet. as some of you know, i'm as big a geology geek as i am a who geek. i got frustrated with distorted media coverage—especially in the uk, oddly enough—so i've set up this blog. photos, videos, info. 
this is the yamabiko 125 superexpress bound for sendai. the next stop is fukushima. 
so much going on on the tl 
wishing a happy 25th anniversary to the home run ball that bounced off jose canseco’s head. 
the football gods know best. imagine going through a champions league photo album and you see captains lifting it. beckenbauer, maldini, schmeichel, gerrard, raul, terry, puyol, casillas, ramos, lahm. and then henderson 
@ realdonaldtrump if the undercover fbi spy really was working to catch russian infiltrators they would have caught them while in the act & not after the fake facts.the traitors add chapters of lies to that witch hunt on a daily basis.its safe to use the phrase jv cover up artist 
metabolic maturation during muscle stem cell ...: metabolic maturation during muscle stem cell differentiation is achieved by mir-1/133a-mediated inhibition of the dlk1-dio3 mega gene cluster 
one of the writers revealed that in an interview 
i can agree with you. i understand the frustration and i clearly appreciate the effort of them trying to work full day to atleast give us some gameplay. 
fool you don't know what the hell you're talking about, with your washed up ass, has been jerk! 
today is 2018-05-26 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
it's less than 2 hours long and i feel like it didn't establish the turtles beyond basic personality traits. like donnie is a nerd and every line of his is meant to bluntly remind you of that. we really needed some downtime with them to get to know them better. 
what will i say when people ask what i did over the holiday weekend when the answer is sit in an er with no pants on 
make it happen the offical yum yum & delicious enewsletter - … 
the future is now, some interesting tech!! … 
y’all didn’t let amerie prosper & the reason is right under here … 
i'm the so proud of you @ bts_twt you deserve it #lytear1onbb200 
the sisters? 
i'm gonna cry if it's the last season i swear 
the reasons gays come up with to post a thirst trap. "new haircut!" "just out here mowing the lawn!" "i am feeling down today" "i love this new song" "love a good coffee in the morning!" just post the god damn slutty picture and own it linda. 
tomorrow is memorial day. although we can’t thank the ones we have lost, we can still thank everyone who serves in our armed forces. bring in your military i.d. tomorrow and get a free game of bowling! we thank... … 
#baseballroundtable looks at carl hubbell ... his 24-game winning streak and the making of an #mlb all star game legend. … 
katie takes a few off photos and suddenly she’s the ugliest thing in the world. but also that bitch is hiding behind her profile pic, her face never to be seen, she must be ugly as fuuccckkk 
confused: when the conductor says that (for example) “the f-train is running along the q-train track this weekend,” does that mean that it’s actually a q-train? or does it have an inherent f-ness that can’t be eradicated by its occupation of q-ness in all but name? 
time to replay the demo for the 500th time 
> even the smallest of chances [ not ] to be blinded by said summer sun. "what's your favourite flavour?" she couldn't help but ask the question; everyone has a preferred flavour, and she wanted to find out what it was that the other like the most. 
#cambyman to the rescue! 
watching the video to it won't be like this for long and then seeing your kids is proof . 
watching texas and kansas city. starting pitchers are hamels and hammel, respectively. what are the odds. 
shut the fuck up 'fore i rock your bitch, ya heard? 
“i ain’t goin to the bar tonight” 
yep. the entire op and everyone involved: 
after i heard @ ivoriandoll_ dream and she mentioned that god didnt recognise some people due to the surgeries the had the holy spirit reminded me that i am beautiful and wonderfully made i don’t need a boob job i don’t need my butt done god made me beautiful already 
forgiveness is the only vertue,where we can take shelter for inner peace. 
thanks for the help pal. now i know how niall felt all those years in the band being lonely while zayn had liam and harry had louis 
the city of sanctuary has found a new hero, now the rest of pandora will meet their new savior. #borderlands2 in one hour, mortals. it's going to be another 
w o w — the @ gop is … 
so climbing the lincoln memorial wasn't quite out of pocket? lol. 
this is why. his followers all have the same affliction. 
i’ve been super happy the last couple of days 
#fathersday sale starts now! check out the latest #waveclocks on etsy. via @ etsy 
chris paul is not helping himself at all vs all the people that said he didn’t have the chest to finish. i’m not him but i am not missing game 7. even if i’m on crutches 
the lady is either hanging with black people or just laying on the beach with them super close. she’d know she’d lose an incredible amount of favorability with the onlookers/supporters if she dropped the n bomb. 
you drag them to the ground queen keren. 
feel like most people compare him to lebron and jordan who are the two greatest players ever and he not even top 3 in his org 
piiiiip! (at the pip the time was 0100) 
omg i have been looking forward to the episodes. i’m already tune in #lucifer … 
i’ll draw a variant cover or crossover with new zealand’s supernatural “the almighty johnsons” 
from the window to the ground, the garden is… … 
basically, suga is me. sleep super early and missed out all the fun. but the difference is, he woke up with effin clear skin, well-rested baby boy face that he is, whereas i, stays as one of the sardine citizen in spongebob squarepants. 
two of the best! @ atlasxci @ 
roseanne identifies as a progressive. barr blamed her "progressive politics" as being the sole reason behind the rejection of roseanne's nuts' pilot. cindy sheehan was her running mate for crying out loud. 
i literally said out loud can you stop. i know how to use google. there’s nothing wrong with being a fucking idiot sometimes i also said april was from the office when i fucking hate that show … 
savagely subtweeting his own fans the fucking mad man … 
no worries. there’s room on the lebron train. even for you. 
brigitte gabriel reads the muslim brotherhood plan for america via @ youtube 
as someone who lived in vegas 7 years, i’m appalled at that over the top intro. that’s not las vegas, that’s tourist vegas. 
worth watching if you're as big a kubrick fan as i had an album of some photos from pax you probably haven't posted, now is the time. 
q25 wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. doug larson #aldubhanggangdulo 
i feel like i’m the only one who hasn’t seen the new lake placid movie yet, anyone know when it’ll be on tv again? … 
@ cortez621lee @ … 
i forgot abc and hbo were spelled the same 
when hogarth asks who built this cockpit, the giant responds with: "don't...ask!...you...fly...i...shoot...no...falling! 
starting to see all the political stuff come up about #rosanne. blaming liberals, against free speech, this and that. i even saw something about christianity. not sure what that had to do with anything. i already have a headache. 
rain/storm band has lost its shape but it's still raining very hard at shelby park moving through e nashville at 657 pm. no real concerns, though looks like the wind is pretty strong in this cell. 
on 29/05/18 at 18:00 the river level was 0.43m. 
i’d check girl! from the little bit of research i did just now ohio does this too and it is called a withholding order not sure if the source is credible though 
i left a jug of water at work and then went and bought another one. i be on the move after them long ass hours 
i see it happen all the damn time. kids throwing fits over ipads and video games all day 
aye . shut the hell up … 
na, wouldn't trust that duterte is still in the right mind. that's being kind. no president will brazenly protect a crook in his own cabinet & call corruption sheer good luck of his crony. how does he make clean people in govt feel? or any decent, hardworking filipino? tangina. 
water activities for kids to beat the summer heat … 
damn they played the homie klove … 
thank you for all the new page likes. we are working on getting this page more active. — feeling blessed 
i remember the first time i saw that episode. was with a friend, years after its first run. we both chuckled that the idea well had run dry by that point in the 7th season. lol! 
all around us in this physical world are angels, but you can’t see them with your physical eyes; you have to pass over into the realm of the spirit to see them. 
@ eahelp was i supposed to receive a pack and token for the store issue? 
it will all come full circle cuando dwayne "the rock" johnson sea presidente en 2020. 
congrats to the inaugural @ temple_coe education scholars family! such an awesome @ phlschools dual enrollment partnership through our senior year only program that allows our students to pursue a major in education. the first @ sdphighschools cohort is ready to begin their 
i’m talking about the original tweet i replied to not you 
rebirth of mothra ii has been on for all of 5 seconds and there's already dolphins & floating trash in the ocean... i'm tellin ya mothra is the hippy dippy peacenik rainblow glitter kaiju 
gowdy gets the ball (investigation) to the 10 yard line and then "punts". to say mueller has to finish his job is saying trump needs to be removed from office. is gowdy's retirement from congress interesting timing? i used to think he was one of the good guys. 
i do not like roseanne barr - never have but, until people like joy behar, bill maher, jimmy kimmel, et al get reprimanded/removed from the air, this is nothing more than abc acting like they actually give a rip! 
this the drug money yo ex nigga claim he make 
day one in the new abode has consisted of figuring out what light switch goes to which light. then forgetting and running around the room trying to figure out how to turn off a particular light. 
the simulation is glitching 
as much as we may be lackadaisical i imagine the environment of playing in an empty stadium must not be helping... probably feels about like a sunday kick around in ne! #17issoimportant 
some app the camp developed or something of the sort. 
i just pigged out on #sushi but i was on #ambien the whole time so it wasn't me. 
yes, it was the biggest save in caps history. that, and more on game 2 here … 
lmao let me go get in the shower 
smokey & the nitwit! 
jheez that’s a death wish. lil reese literally known as the chiraq grim reaper lol 
if you know the dude, send him towards dr nerd love, for he needs the chair leg of truth. 
sculpting/modeling curly hair is a pain in the ass. need to find a consistent workflow. yevon help me. 
"my mother always taught us that if people don't agree with you, the important thing is to listen to them. but if you've listened to them carefully and you still think that you're right, then you must have the courage of your convictions." jane goodall 
ok pretty sure i can finish hq prints by end of the week after all 
in the words of the late rodney king “can’t we all just get along” 
special offer - extended to 5th june everyone is talking about our innovative and amazing active hydration serum. i use it every day under my moisturiser as it hydrates the skin so much more than any moisturiser... … 
remove the humanely part and he sounds a lot like the taliban or isis members . 
jeez. psychologists out of the woodwork here... 
that's a standard by which you would almost never use the words "have to" -- short of "i have to fall right now because somebody threw me off a cliff..." 
if atheism is the lack of a belief in god then street epistemology is the lack of a belief to preach about! (if that makes any sense!) 
i love you girl. you be letting them have it!!! articulately with passion and reason. the unacceptable nonsense going on now is truly unbelievable. #americaisgreatbecauseimhere 
couldn’t agree more with the bill ranford pick!!!! well done! 
i believe the liberals screwed this up from the beginning with their stupid progressive agenda. they should have been focusing on mutual interests. i've seen the pm on bnn...everything comes back to gender and diversity. 
has to go mick! played well in first half to be fair but don’t think anyone can argue that class showed in the second, rovers so lucky to still have 11 men on the pitch after lopez challenge too 
a story behind the place dining table and dinette. mt @ eq3: @ vitadailyvan sat down with cdn designer shawn place to talk about the design and his creation process. eq3 2536 granville street #southgranville #findyourperfectstyle 
ain’t no substitution for the truth, either it is or it isn’t. 
ummm probably nothing because 1) i have no way to kemp 2) because i have my cna exam in the am 
for just a sec i thought they were demanding payment for the other hotel. … 
ok ending the set with this. too many prince song i could go in forever. change is the only constant. ;) … 
@tembocoin we are officially opened ico sales, now the price is 1tmb= 0.1$ with 20% bonus. we accept eth visit our website to participate 
serious! this heat is ridiculous...i wasn't one complaining in the winter. i'd gladly accept 60° weather year-round! 
i agree. karma always wins in the end. 
got7 eyes on you world tour 2018 in macau tonight!!! to all ahgases that will attend, enjoy the concert! #got7 @ got7official #mtvlakpopgot7 #premiosmtvmiaw 
the same way god entrusted the servants with something, god entrusted you something. 
these cramps will not get the best of meibuprofen it is! 
so kenya revives rhoa upon her entrance when it was boring as hell and she is fired? i won't be watching again. she was the reason i started back watching. wtf bravo, get it right. the cast are boring.big mistake, watch 
i fancy to sign up the chelsea one, so dream! 
@ johnphillips keep up the good fight. this is ridiculous. so, so, so detrimental to civic rights. #werallamericans 
taking the piss... … 
today was a blast! nothing better than spending a beautiful day with good horses and learning from knowledgeable horse people. come on out tomorrow for day 2 of the harmony horse expo. … 
wargames (11/11) movie clip - the only winning move (1983) hd via @ youtube 
#blackadderbot oh, no, just a wild stab in the dark, which is incidentally what you'll be getting if you don't start being a bit... 1/2 
odkcnsncks fuck the military … 
sana could be a ravenclaw, too. she seems like the most open-minded. tzuyu is either a ravenclaw or a slytherin bc she's witty but she uses her wit in things like savage remarks and stuffs. 
and martinez converts the penalty after all that. it's 1-0 atlanta, and they're up 11 men to 9 with 20 minutes left in the match. 
he wasn't offside actually. it was hard to see on the screen but medunjanin was onside at the bottom of the screen. 
sometimes i think pictures aren’t actually whitewashed but they’re just like brightened ?? and the lighting has a lot to do with it and idk but sometimes they are actually whitewashed and i’m like wtf 
trump says senate democrats are resisting the will of voters 
--sounds in her throat as fingers give her just barely what she wants--but, she's willing to wait. as long as dean keeps moving like his is on the edge of control. her hand moves to cup his balls in his jeans as she inhales deeply, dean's-- 
look, i'm stoked to be at the wedding but i'm missing the #caps game sooo 
jealous of u talking the truth keep up you’re good work cause your doing great haters will always hate deep down into their souls 
also... chuckles. are you serious, i'm already having a hard time with mal missing some (i'm actually sending recs to the manga database every now and then), why double the effort... 
after finding out about this 2k.... i personally think they should change the age to 16+ and watch as these young kids dreams come to life in a second. 
@ annieleblanc @ annieleblacxtra @ xloviedovex i will support you no matter what , listen please cheer up and be with the ones that love you because the haters will soon realise what they missed out on xx 
@ spideyvrse hi amanda i think youre probably the funniest person i know and i really enjoy talking to you so never leave. also one day ill get you that big mac dw 
i didn’t think i had a terrible beer gut, until i tried to put on my size 0 shorts today. yup, not happening. get with the program ashley, drinking 15 beers a week isn’t making you skinnier. idiot 
busted nose. i’ve seen a few of these in the past. … 
the wheel of fortune guy was not available 
going to work and gonna promote loona in the drive thru wish me luck 
which is what @ kylekashuv did. seems like hogg and emma are just looking for attention, and to push their agenda. on behalf of the rest of the current high school generation, we don't want them. 
and for the gm's who weren't really looking to leave, but were too spineless to say no to reeves, that's pathetic too. and the only pathetic person i like is aj. 
this is disturbing...when i read this i was waiting for a “gotcha” from the onion.... 
secret archer in the background! 
we're still the kids we used to be. 
omg! do yours... set aside an hour to watch this documentary on the attempt to break 2hrs in the marathon! incredible! … 
the thought had crossed my mind a time or two. 
“ace/aro people are infringing on queer spaces!” the fuck did i do? i’m just being ace/aro and existing how does that bother you so much 
just defend well, play ball movement and get more offensive rebounds and we should have the w. #strengthinnumbers #dubnation 
everyone thinks that we're perfect. please don't let them look thru the curtains. 
well given the fact modern shells will make them burst. no one has made them in a long time. 
ann coulter goes for the jugular after joy reid accuses her of being a man … 
my niall ferguson beef if obscure. 2003 he said decline in religious observance in europe was linked to productivity decline, & said it vindicated max weber. but weber said christian asceticism was integral in the development of capitalism, but not necessary for its continuation 
@ mcdonalds your sandbach services store is filthy - there were flies crawling over the menu board and the tables - staff spraying stuff on tables whilst people eating. -i asked her to stop. not your usual standard at all. 
we’re drinking like it’s 1995. @ rac3rx is rocking the zima with a cherry jolly rancher and i’m over here with jack & coke. 
retweeted sherrie page ( @ ihgojrtpage): how many spark plugs are in a v6 engine? - the vehicle lab … 
the imitation game e depois moonlight uau esse canal ta se superando 
photos like this are why we started the stole tradition! love it! #spartanpride 
new lego 60134 fun in the park city people pack 14 minifigures baby dog trees … advertisement visit 
we've had multiple hr length hits foul down the right field line. farhat with one in the fifth. 5-0 
listening to j. cole narrate the recap of the finals so far 
reading that the check just cleared... … 
the person i saw retweet this takes smoke breaks. 
because i can’t get enough of this stuff. rewatching the #nhraonfox broadcast of the @ nhra @ jegsperformance 
@ tayyaba__94 welcome to the $ pop network…aka “youtube on the blockchain”. are you registered for our presale? 
i think we can all agree that this picture is honestly the root of all happiness 
we've seen your dm and we're here to help and give you the best service that you deserve, reyn. we've made a report on your concern, kindly check your dm for more information. thank you. 
ak the feds and 69 his partner 
gonna waste the shit out of some money 
he’s 46. he’s a registered sex offender, has 10 open warrants and i believe the mother is part of it!! 
my skin is not particularly dry. but $200 is really appealing. and apparently my skin was dry enough to qualify for the study. 
"name of the company, aerotyne international. it is a cutting edge, high-tech firm out of the midwest." … 
rt, @ segerstromarts: always fabulous. #minnellimonday don’t miss the incredible #lizaminnelli on june 30, joined by #michaelfeinstein : 
we are live with top 8 for week 6 of #cellgames! watch live at for all the action! who is going to take it? 
aww it’s a surpise!! i wanna spill the beans but i think it’s best to save it until i can upload it :33 
go for it, u wl make huge money. book num enemy at the gate kaida 
not coming in my house with out a warrant so stay the fuck away. … 
and you’re desperate to distract from your obvious guilt. the american people win when you are impeached and imprisoned. 
my anxiety is so bad that just needing putting the garbage and recycling bins on the curb scares me. lol. 
to prepare for his upcoming role, daniel day-lewis immersed himself in the world of *slamming a dunk.*. #cah 
these were the days. their concerts were lit... but roc wasn't there for the baltimore one. dealing with him and his dag on babymama issues.... 
rich people are the stupidest and least hard working of all the classes. our society would lose no greatness or ability by taking away their money and redistributing it. 
all in all the goal of so-called "bathroom bills" is this: conservatives (yes, i include terfs in this) petition a bathroom bill in the bullshit cover of "women's safety" or "think of the children" in order to force trans women to use male only restrooms. why? 
no i know but just like. the general gated in area for the pit is so small !!!! 
all redacted buy now... hope the prez can step in and get the real deal?.. 
2 of my coworkers very recently found out that i write (they don’t know that it’s sherlock fic, just creative writing). when asked earlier today what my current “book” is about, i started explaining ranger john and choked up. had to literally end the convo. 
here are the lyrics to childish gambino's 'this is america' 
is it just me, or was @ cbseveningnews rather graphic in the details of how kate spade was found? right down to the color of the scarf. it felt oddly disrespectful, but i’m not sure why. 
am i the only person if i like something in both colors i buy both? 
omg i can't not read between the lines 
i can’t decide if people who wear pajamas in public have given upon life or are living it to the fullest.... 
abduction drama of gul bukhari was the production of same mafia who attacked @ asadkharal the aim was to divert the attention of media and social media those crying for gul bukhari not even blink their eyes on attack over asad kharal 
another rich out of touch doo-dah who has never attended a public school, nor her children, yet she knows the needs of our schools. betsy, go away, go back to your money and stay clear of our kids. 
no one knows the exact hour when all of this takes place, but we were given the seasons. when do locust swarm, when is harvest time? may through sept. 5 months/rev 9:5 9:10 why wae the time shortened from 3.5 years to 5 mnths? mark 13:20 
sick church, corrupt garda, corrupt bankers, corrupt politicians, corrupt judges, corrupt msm, how many are in jail? why not? because the law is there to punish everyone except the above, the elite are exempt from the law #tonighttv3 #rtebias 
one time i was driving to church, stopped at a stoplight, belting out showtunes at the top of my lungs, (i mean jazz hands & everything), & one of our pastors pulled up next to me at the light, honked, & gave me a thumbs up. it was not embarrassing at all. 
there are many policies. one that has the biggest effect is over-reaching corporate regulations. 
he’s so precious get him the glo fish! 
contrast rfk with the sitting, "grab em by the pussy" president. sad 
today is 2018-06-05 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
.@kellysadler45 is out not because of what she said about @ senjohnmccain but because she accused @ mercedesschlapp ( @ mschlapp's wife) of being the leaker. #traitortot couldn't tolerate that! … 
cuz the first think homophobes think of when they see gay guys is how they be having sex and that makes you gay 
i think there is a good chance editorial won't let bendis screw the pooch just yet 
i lost my mind when he had the durag on. “go ray.” 
the white gloves are on even in the pool 
niloko yata ni maria ressa ang wan-ifra. to stand for the rule of law and to defend press freedom? ummm... your company violated the law right? what press freedom are you talking about? last time i checked you still had those. 
@ espn @ foxsoccer what's the deal folks? people watch open cup soccer! 
blockchain technology is ideally suited for helping to reach both goals. thanks to the blockchain, anyone can now buy a share of highly-profitable real estate. this helps the small investors have more opportunities #genesis #realestate 
must be love on the brain … 
progress in the making 
appeal to the awareness and sensitivity of men and women of the world and a call to the preservation of our only planet: un: "13 million tons of plastic are dumped in the oceans every year" 
@ myaplanet9 has the best legs on errrrrffff!!! #sorrytinaturner 
i am supposed to be preparing a presentation for the ceo of my company but all i want to do is play fortnite. 
*forecast says it will be sunny* *takes top off jeep* * fucking rain and thunderstorm* what the shit nevada? 
i liked a @ youtube video real doctor reacts to the resident | medical drama review | doctor mike 
i should! i’ll bring the tandem bike and we can ride over there. 
how do you know what he did it for? at least he did it who cares. as for the illegal immigrants , oh well then don’t try and come here illegally. do you want people on top of people here like china? stfu. i’m glad that he released this beautiful american citizen. god bless 
he’s ready for the world cup. it can’t come quick enough! 
then what will we do about the theocracy #trumpettepence is waiting breathlessly to establish? 
what does it say that the police are considered a reliable murder weapon? … 
so the apples at the top think there is something wrong with them, in reality, they are amazing. they just have to wait for the right boy to come along, the one who's brave enough to climb all the way to the top of the trees. 
hi majed, if the attempt actually took place and the customer is not home, our drivers are supposed to leave a notice at residential addresses. i'm sorry if you received conflicting information. can you please dm me your tracking number? i'll take a look for you. ^james 
told dalton i didn’t want chicken and he whips his head around the corner and goes “so you’re telling me you don’t want any chicken..? fuck you dude” 
even favre figured that out, just fed the man 
now watch the carter v be...garbage!! ima be so upset #lilwayne 
guys who get excited about trains are the equivalent of horse girls 
it could be but what kind of world would we live in if the majority was all 
i was so very not ready for the absolutely bizarre turn this took @ williamcrawley needs a prize for maintaining composure. i was laughing in horrified hysteria. i don’t think i’ve ever heard a more perverse claim on what’s “biblical”. homophobia’s one hell of a … 
that's hard to do - based on the roster, you basically need to find a taker for one of jv or serge or both powell and miles. with no salary returning (ibaka could return a small ~7m salary). in any case, this all assumes cleveland wants to play along rather than try to keep lbj. 
#pickupshadowhunters for this amazing fandom and what it has done in the past 3 days. #saveshadowhunters 
i hope all the bots and actual campaigns rting this know this isn’t supposed to be serious djfjjgjfkg … 
i’m the type of female that will randomly hype someone up whether i know them or not. i’m just that girl that wants others to know everyone deserves to hear compliment every once in awhile. 
and all about the court supposes us, the life within the limits swart her head upon the strife. 
not the same instrumentalists, but the same vocalist: … 
they played almost every song from the dusk album and the biggest “hits” of the others. not sure what they missed out to be honest!????i thought the set list was stunning. such an amazing mix across the albums. i was blown away to be honest. sorry! 
just won the $200 chall now playing quarter-finals of the 2v2 cmg tournament w/ @ blazt vs inquenched & devourgod, come chill friends! 30/40 
the art of god of warポチった 
thirty-two years later, maverick is the most "hot shot" scooter pilot in walmart. … 
some people are just stuck on the need to learn the hard way...brit’s or not. #2a #2ashallnotbeinfringed #americathebeautiful 
or the woman invited to the white house. famous for releasing a sextape 
who is the justice department really trying to help? real justice or the justice dept? if one stays alive the other will stay alive. if one dies... … 
bounce on the dick. fuck horny freaks in your city tonight! go to … 
i have. even his parody names have different rhythms and have a structure that, while funny, suggests a culture that shapes the way names are formed... 
the terrible thing about the quest for truth is that you find it. 
this is what i mean by jordanism is a tumor on the nba. … 
what in the … 
your dog's response when you return to the house will be just like caps fans watching their team win the cup. 
all temps will be in f. i often forget to notate after the first notation...which drove my chem professors nuts. i'm also including one additive which...i'll explain in detail when i post it all, it may help the thc release/bind better and is a food additive. 
victory lap still my top for the year so far … 
congratulations to @vzgingersnap, winner of the $50 @ playstation network gift card. please dm me to receive your redeem code. you will have 24 hours to claim from 8pm est. to everyone who participated, thank you all for making this giveaway successful. more give aways on the way! 
every people wanting the game to become ffxi can go back to play ffxi. … 
what the fuck there's a qr code on the back of seungsik pc? and it's for a video apparently? 
i've got the #warriors. who ya got? 
goodmorning today is the day! enjoy todaaay @ ynnanicole_ take care 
the best part 
i just took the greatest mini nap in katie bed. 
yeah, i think this is like the multiple "i am a widower with a young daughter and i travel a lot" profiles 
did someone say mario?! 2d- mario 3 3d - mario odyssey rpg: the thousand year door kart: mario kart 8 sports: mario power tennis … 
done! thanks for spreading the word <3 
is that for want of trying though? maybe men won’t hire women for this. i’m not seeing any other kind of diversity here either. if the argument is that men are better at heights, why are they all white? lastly, can we pay men less in female-dominated professions then? 
i am the new wave of country music … 
it’s riley’s birthday!!!! a.k.a the day the actual sunshine of my life was born :,,)) 
if you're not religious, you spend a lot more time appreciating the world as it is, the mysteries of the universe around us, and staying the hell out of other people's affairs... 
i really don’t think the da team would even let them do that tbh they’ve already said multiple times that they’re working on a game that’s extremely character based (thank fuck) 
big mood. i love the movies. 
did you know ween’s, the mollusk, inspired sponge bob and there are many ween references in the early episodes? 
the g-7 summit, summed up in one photo 
i know we're all grumbling and complaining about the *leaner* edition of #livepd tonight! at least it's on! maybe we can get some #officialupdates from the #livepdleos if we're left hanging! @ officiallivepd @ aetv 
hey qween! thanks for the love! right back at ya! 
nick is in the top 20 in the world in kills for all platforms (pc included) and has won thousands of dollars in tournaments and you don’t think he could hang in console... are you drunk? or are you not reading what you’re writing? 
overheard in line “so is anyone holding the gay flag like automatically gay?!” bitch stfu oh my god 
that's ok, but rest up whenever you get the time. keeping a healthy body is important for everyone, youtube celebrity or not. 
such a shell game. how many tens of billions of dollars does the us dairy industry get in gov't subsidies?? 
on a thread about israel? why are these evil people keeping on-topic?!? 
ticket me. i'd love to see that. how soon will i get the ticket? 
never take a moment for granted ivan. life is living the moment, life is beautiful. 
let the mets understand we know talent & gleybertorres isn’t going anywhere, smoltz put down the crack pipe!! 
so one time i found a weird website that randomized synth and you could change the frequency and pitch by moving around the website anyway i made this & it was originally just gonna be a background of sorts but it's kinda been its own thing so i posted it … 
never been out of the country. i also never go outside 
muhammad ali's ex-wife shuts the door on trump: "pardon someone who's alive" 
the most impressive career, and how you reinvent yourself is incredible! @ iamjericho is the gift that keeps on giving! thank you jericho! 
alternatives to google products – the complete list 
i am but a remnant of a time long past, and though i am not the first, i definitely am not the the last. i am but a wonderous sign of many more to follow. those who are truly born again of god's word and spirit will testify on our behalf as word that has and will become as flesh. 
all the hand wringing in the world won't fix this. you need to take action! put your money where your mouth is. 
leading off: goldschmidt heats up, quintana faces brewers: a look at what's happening around the majors monday: 
i don’t get the need for you to wish me buka and sahur. you’re not my friend and you’re not my dad. please retreat, thank you very much! 
try it, u must. there’s only 1 in the us. they only exist in japan. 
clint: i didn't wanna do this, but i do know one way we could get the money. tony: you'd make a decent prostitute. clint: i'd make an amazing prostitute. 
#hindu utthan event in pune on 3rd june >we eat with them >we pray with them like the work? do contribute monthly a/c name: jan swabhiman welfare society, a/c no: 000701254577, bank: icici bank, branch: connaught place, new delhi ifsc code : icic0000007 
along why i don't care about "year of the linux desktop", and a good reason i am actually glad that steam has less than %1 linux users. i for one am not looking forward to windows gamers jumping ship to gnu/linux. so far no ones killed anyone for their opinion on init systems. … 
if you already received some from me, tell your friends to 1) retweet their public $ deal address (download the wallet from ), and 2) i'll send #free $ deal (limited qty). #cryptocurrency @ idealcashteam #staking #stakeon! 
maybe you should to protest police brutality by white cops. rt @ foxnews: . @ realdeancain: “i stand for the anthem. i would never kneel for the anthem.” 
i liked a @ youtube video céline dion - ashes (from the deadpool 2 motion picture soundtrack) 
goodmorning. let the sedation start. 
i met the artfully outfitted @ wulfbane_023 doing a little dealer's den shopping! @ tofuwolf 
i accidentally made one of my coworkers cry today. not with anything i said or did, but b/c 75% of the time, my subordinates perform out of their desire to impress me. so this one started getting overwhelmed on bar and i stepped in to help & she thought it meant she failed. 
“marks a watershed for the 21st-century democracies. it is the moment when donald trump’s disruption of the international order moved from annoying threat to damaging reality.” … 
me llega una notificación de prime video donde me invita a ver the killing of a sacred deer o my little pony. mis dos moods. 
cherry picking stuff as usual, dotard. look at the whole picture and we win, look at little items where we don't, but they are trivial. 
okay! she’s calling her bank in the morning to see if she can get enough money. so i should know something by 9:30/10 
gobsmacked??? - who's the supreme court protecting … 
you fuck your way up the ladder 
the higher the hair the closer to god 
the best thing about dating on twitter is that i can do it straight from my bed. 
7-1 headed into the top of the 7th 
and now all i can think about is the ending to enemy. yep i’m going to have bad dreams tonight 
thanks @ spmbaseball good luck in the next round. … 
girl invited me to hit the pool with her, i said okay, but you know i’m single right, she said yea i know. okayyyyyyyyyyy 
@ remedygames alan wake had no fan base when it was released it was a new ip it's been 8 years since its release and it has a huge fan base now but still no sequel you guys are dropping the ball big time 
a quick question @ todoist : i saw your article on your website regarding todoist and google home: is this article in french too? i can't seem to make my google home understand that i wanna talk to todoist. is the feature available in french? 
maybe you should have discussed about having a much more open policy with the game changers. right now it isn't trustworthy. they need to show gamers the policies around it and communicate better. example been levelcap, kicked for no apparent reason (to us). 
cnn's sarah westwood reports that "president trump apparently has been making life difficult for the people whose job it is to ensure that he complies with the presidential records act" by shredding important documents 
how do i vote to kick @ jimmykimmel in the nuts? 
i have it downloaded through the disc 
here's my next sketch. i haven't been doing the best lately so i was alittle slow on this. i feel alittle bit better but still cruddy. anyway hope ya like it! i'm also trying to learn about how to start commissions. but i'll take requests for free for sketches! 
well don’t worry. i’m sure mr. trudeau knows they don’t have the final word. ridiculousness! my goodness smh 
can i have some new knees please, sick of them hurting all the time 
if you missed the home away show with ntate1996… … 
to those who think #robertdeniro should respect trump more, explain this: "a very low iq individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies". respect goes both ways. wanna bet deniro will use "punch drunk" to explain the deal with kim after this comment? 
mr. sowell, it sounds like the left need psychological counselling, to understand the simple concept that the past is the past and time moves forward, at least as we live it. 
inflict injury on oneself to win the enemy's trust: pretending to be injured has two possible applications. first, the enemy is lulled into relaxing his guard. second is a way of ingratiating yourself with your enemy by pretending the injury was caused by a mutual enemy. 
the warriors would sweep those celtics without kd 
this game looks amazing. maybe even better than the first. … 
also if you haven't checked out the website it is … #smashbrosultimate 
finished product of dinner looks a little crispy but i swear it’s only because of the italian dressing marinade 
#samklein taking a ride on the slip ‘n slide today in #pipelinepark @ neversummerind @ coppermtn 
so maybe if we never wake up we can see the sky 
you are a bad liar, i checked who you follow. you follow some turkish accounts that they tweet only in turkish. you will be blocked for exposing me to the turkish government and her supporters 
is he [not best] who responds to the desperate one when he calls upon him and removes evil and makes you inheritors of the earth? is there a deity with allah ? little do you remember. surah an-naml. 
today is 2018-06-12 05:00 pm in la and donald j. trump is still the president. 
quite cute. stick me in a ring with someone that assaulted me outright instead of punshing someone. hey, i get to tag with the world champ. @ hybrid_wrestle 
this summer walk your dog early in the morning or at sunset time, don’t forget the floor is too hot for their little paws 
“ let me see the lighter y’all used “ *pearl happily gives it to him* 
u need to work on the shadows 
sorry if my tweet was poorly worded. i was talking about raising taxes. also, amazon didn't pay any federal taxes for last year. you know why? they deferred them, like a lot of companies, so they could benefit from the new republican tax plan. 
we've got lots going on in marlborough to keep you entertained this week, including the inaugural matariki festival in picton. be sure to check out all the details. #followmemarlboroughevents, #marlboroughevents, 
@ axialmatt you’re the best kind of jackass. bravo sir 
if we wish to wrest an advantage from the enemy, we must not fix our minds on that alone, but allow for the possibility of the enemy also doing some harm to us, and let this enter as a factor into our calculations. 
make a sound in the east, then strike in the west: in any battle the element of surprise can provide an overwhelming advantage. even when face to face with an enemy, surprise can still be employed by attacking where he least expects it. 
@ giantinsider what running backs do you guys think will make the final roster? does robert martin have a shot? 
the crip in you just won’t let a piru nigga be borrect lol 
prepare for the next nba season by purchasing a… … 
hey penguins! tonight unfortunately i will not be streaming but tomorrow we're on! ~in the meantime go check out -- @ dark5eld -- this guy is an awesome hilarious streamer who will soon be pushing for partner!!!! @ impulsestream @ 
i liked a @ youtube video seth rollins and dean ambrose and the hardy boyz entrance - raw: sept 11. 2017 (hd) 
well i’m officially a stay-at-home dog mom. living the dream. 
why do leftists attack trump for deescalating tensions with a totalitarian regime with a horrendous human rights record, but praise obama for doing the same with iran? (i support the iran deal fwiw) 
what is it that has you crying anyway...all the trafficking busts? lowest unemployment rate? n. korea de-nuc? 
i love @ atlutd and their success on field and off has been amazing. still, seeing @ bguzan playing an @ mls game when the #worldcup starts tomorrow is just sad. thanks, @ ussoccer. 
my thinking would be: if america does not hold this criminal enterprise accountable, then i cannot trust that it won't happen again the second the republicans manage to regain control of congress and the wh. why should i trust them? 3/ 
only just realised my skyrim character has been barefoot the entire time i’ve been playing...soo guess i’m going shoe shopping 
take him to the signature room, that's that top-floor cocktail spot we hit ages ago. 
'my hero: one's justice' brings the plus ultra action 
i get to spend the weekend w my bestie and i couldn’t the happier 
so the limit is now 3k words a day. bring it on! 
feeling great regret that brother maynard allowed the holy hand grenade of antioch to be used against that rabbit. seems we could use it much more wisely today. … 
#blackadderbot ask them who they'd rather meet, squadron commander flasheart or the man who cleans out the public toilets in... 1/2 
it went along with the s2 fort knights set theme tho 
you win the internet today hillary! best tweet ever. 
@ thedickcavett find the episode with if stone and get it on @ decadesnetwork please #sorrytobotheryou ( movieplug ) but be cool to see it 
i can take @ fawadchaudhry to the cleaners, but i have a bigger dream to come true just like any other loyalist of ik. and that is seeing ik as the prime minister of pakistan. so keeping myself quiet. … 
@ wwedanielbryan and @ therock i’m thinking about getting to some more healthy habits so i’m designing a diet for my self but i need for you to recomend me at least two of the best books about healthy eating if you can thank you guys #inspire #determined #heathylifestyle 
i also just had an emotional catharsis on space mountain and sobbed the whole time (from laughing) and they let us go again so yeehaw 
heading to le grand this evening to catch 2a no. 13 @ emsoftball hosting recently-named no. 15 @ bcluwcsd. comets bring a 6-game win streak into the contest, and the mustangs sit in 2nd in the nicl west, 2 games ahead of bcluw. #iahssb 
… i've just reviewed @ pajafaudree's book, "singing for the dead: the politics of indigenous revival in mexico" (duke university press, 2013) in the journal multilingua. published a few years ago but i recommend more linguists read it; it's a page turner! 
the only one i've heard of befor is antonia antoniazzi - because she was supporting the #elizabethbricebill for medical #cannabis. she is actually ok. well she was now she's b*ggered off...... 
i just saw a lil white boy smoke crack and meth on the tl like that shit was funny nothing new but the internet really too much 
namadgi school pbl mascot competition.... the next phase of the positive behaviours for learning journey with student agency! 
that's what my sister believes. there's no reasoning with her. i don't know what it will take, if anything, for her to see the truth of how despicable trump and his administration really are. 
*chopped contestant goes to the ice cream machine* me: 
donovan mitchell is the rookie of the year idgaf … 
that’ll happen if everyone needs to rebuy the game because there’s no bc 
i don't think there's a true lgbt community. the most vocal of them mix politics and shitty adgendas with who they want to fuck, and that itself is a stupid combination. i fuck dudes. why does there have to be a political movement to it? who fkng cares besides me and my bfs? 
pretty much covers the democrat snowflakes and sex perps. 
ain’t we already know about the baby tho? … 
using the bible as a political justification is just as silly as using “may the force be with you” as a justification. … 
important and not just if you suffer from any of the issues mentioned (you should not need to suffer from a thing to want people who do in a better position) … 
i’m sorry i just meant be glad you don’t live in nc. have you tried engaging the young people? i’m sure you have you sound to be very committed. please don’t give up, we need people like you, … 
natural burial options for going green in the afterlife 
every time i see the sunfish cover i get to see my bubbie and ... do you know how emotional that’s making me? very. she was so beautiful and tough as shit. i wonder what she thinks of being immortalized on a book cover 
i'm the luckiest girl everr 
“fuck everything about this guy except for the fact that people with ethics and morals want him to face some consequences for his actions. that’s just wrong.” 
check the dingles pig pen i say haha. 
nah, but i’m sure an l for kanye and an l for nas on the same day has jay-z doing that squeaky laugh somewhere 
hmm, that’s interesting so no issue actually being experienced, just the error popping up on its own? thanks in advance & enjoy your weekend! 
what am i supposed to say now? i've been here for a year straight while everyone, and i mean everyone, was away for several months or weeks without saying anything. it breaks my heart to see how my daughter's story doesn't continue. i just want to get the first chapter done. 
oh! tough one. the alarm. … 
heard the pluggg 
i love the outfits the twins have too ugxhdnf g guh 
if lonzo is still on the team he has to get a lot better quickly in the shooting department 36% from the field isn’t gonna help the “new” lakers beat the warriors … 
i pray god’s justice prevails-his, not doj’s full of too many bureaucrats tied to the shadow gov’t/left and the crooked fbi. in high school i wanted to be fbi. i wouldn’t go near it now. no ethics, morals or patriotism; no idea of selfless service. thank you trey . 
ghosty was bullying me on the twitch every round 
i always thought it was interesting growing up watching seinfeld, where they rarely rode the train. then i saw curb, and realized the car is just a plot decice for dialog. 
british columbia ... the home of white people with "dreads" 
lol! wapo is unhinged! president trump is winning for the american people ! your lies dont work anymore! #maga 
he wont sign it! there will be a loop hole in it. not what he wants this is a rhino bill paul ryan will be leaving soon when the rhinos leave they always leave a mess! no! way this bill will pass. it's not what he wants! i don't trust him... 
wsmr - street money radio - tune into the straight drop show listen now @street money radio 
summer #travel on the brain? @ morganstanley reserved suggests historical destinations for every personality … 
the #sharayreed #joytotheworld youtube video has been my turn up before gigs for the last month.... geez 
are back tracking what you promised the 17.6 million brexiteers voted to come out of the european union priminister may now get us out completely of the european union with no ties what so ever no to the customs union never teresa may priminister when the people voted to 
i don’t care much about elo either but i never need to hear the beatles again in this life 
#saveshadowhunters #notourlasthunt please @ freeformtv if you can't afford to produce shadowhunters, air 3b in august then give the rights to a streaming service or network that can. there's no point in holding hostage a show that so many want simply because you can. cruel. 
my dad, thomas everett newton, usaf vet, he was a photographer for the blue angels. rip, 11/11/09. happy father’s day in heaven, dad. 
wow!! you really are using the garage for its actual purpose i had forgotten about that. cool wheels by the way and the bloke on the side not looking bad either. 
my body feels so dead... working 6 days a week has really taken a toll on my body... can’t wait till next weekend to work the last saturday for a while 
bbc news - the new african beat set to get europe dancing … 
he has psoriatic arthritis!!!! give him a break!!!!!! he’s practically handicap. hitting the ball before it stopped rather than him breaking something trying to retrieve it in the sand. i’m appalled!! 
what is all the w.o.w. about??? … 
#lemans24jp what on earth is going on in the #porsche garage at the le mans 24 hour??? 
i wish the war raiders had a match #nxttakeover #takeoverchicago 
we're in the fate extra setting and i'm eixjsicjsinxisnd 
i liked a @ youtube video pokémon insurgence 5-player randomized nuzlocke - ep 85 "the death montage" 
what is the most disheartened i've been for a while now. 
we're......talking......about.......the......growing.......the......game......part. how is the #usga 'trying to grow the game' if they make pros look like rookies. isnt that the initial argument here? even mike davis admitted they got it wrong!!! are you guys paying attention? 
dude! it’s like they were planning a surprise release and then fucked it up. the whole promo was weird as fuck and messy!! 
i’ve taken a few film classes so i’ve watched a bunch of musicals from the 1950s and i hate the way they kiss. they literally just smash their faces into each other 
i don't have a specific brand, just buy whatever has the least english on the label. 
hysteria by def leppard is now playing on breakin' ballz radio! tune in at or download the live365 app! 
hey @ proimprint ! thanks for the follow! 
what do the purple stars even mean bruh!?! 
20:00:01 |temp: 80.5ºf | heat index: 84.4ºf | dew point: 71.4ºf | rain today: 0.01 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the wsw, gusting to 0.0 
there staff must be on the drink because it’s the worst airline ever 
stepped on some broken glass in my room earlier but immediately went back to playing minecraft. two hours later, finally getting round to disinfecting it, hopefully the poison hasn't set in yet 
reducing the masculinity in the younger male generations nowadays too so no one kicks up a fuss(they shat it during the riots), they legit sat on the table and have this planned out so thoroughly that majority think it’s just a coincidence and can’t possibly tie in together. mad 
found a transponder snail! candid shots of the straw hats on their new ship! 
your argument is entirely opinion, and your agument is that since it’s called the “world cup” the trophy should be in a cup form, however you fail to notice the the sheer number of people who watch and attend the event, comepletely blows the stanley cup out of the water,l 
see, this random shit talking is the reason no one good will ever play with you. learn your place g. 5 golds and blackops 3 been out 3 years,that's got to suck. 
i’m not the only one omg 
love is more kinds, but what is very safe and a eternal is love which come from the door of sweetheart. 
rafael devers demolishes three-run homer off the upper deck in red sox's 9-3 win (espn) 
people thinking the cowboys are having a better season than the texans 
good for me, dear. keep hating us. the farther you are from us the more blessed we'll feel. i'm elergic to peeplies. 
beliebers are going through the same shit as us th stans. we’re in this together. … 
from the ashes we would rise and we would… … 
hottest of hot takes: if i could only cut one person from the out//laws it would be flame 
say no to the yes. 
read the full thread … 
“i didn’t mean to-“ his hands were raised in surrender and he undid another button, but kept the one above his sternum buttoned. “fair?” he said with a chuckle, leaning in and nuzzling noses. “i know what /you/ want is to look like a couple out here.” … 
then introducing myself to the number 1 sports radio station in chicago..then introducing myself to everyone on twitter..so no matter what happens...i know ill be fine...because i have proved it..while being manic..now im not....can you imagine the change i can inspire? 
the amount of "and thats tea" im seeing is disgusting 
join the democratic effort then. take some action! 
they are building that work force up along the border 
it actually makes people use it less because the people who use it feel bad lol 
shut the fuck up 
actually, the end of driving book is now in stock! 
trust yourself. know the ones that are the hardest to teach need you the most. learn with your students. create a joyful classroom that celebrates each student. find a "critical friend"! you've got this!!! 
damn, twitter is going crazy right now. all over the place. 
thank you! i absolutely agree with you, senator! but if the administration will not change its policy we beseech you to cross the aisle and sign the keep families together act! 
we applaud jay z for the back up vocals. well done shawn! 
the geneva conventions are to govern war. "learn what you say and then speak." 
remember when it used to be cool to share the stories of the desperate, grueling journey your ancestors undertook in order to get to america and pursue a better life? 
remember when the 1975 were soundchecking at acc and i almost snuck in but didnt because i kno my limits and play within them 
"because of capitalism" ah, is it time to play the victim and blame everyone else again? my problems are your fault, andre! 
i rather take derozens $55 mil over the next two instead of covington’s $45 mil over the next 4. derozen has player option for 3rd year. in which he will opt out to try and get one more max deal while he is still 30 
holy crap. i was searching for some keywords on twitter to see what others thought of the new voltron season (i like to see what other people are saying) and it’s a wall of erotic roleplaying. 
the problem runs deeper tho in as far as i can see; the undercurrents of what you’re broadcasting/advocating is highly concerning to me, to say the least. i’m scared for my kids tbh and i don’t know how to prepare them for what’s coming from the unfolding i’m seeing. 
seriously hilarious the incompetency of the democratic party members in congress is proof that the liberal education system failed miserably the damn wall should have been built 30 years ago @ senschumer @ nancypelosi @ thedemcoalition @ thedemocrats @ senatedems 
ok so my girlfirend and i are arguing about masturbation and sex: im of the opinion that sex is masturbation 2 because you typically experience masturbation first and she erroneously believes that masturbation is sex 2 because we evolved it first settle this debate please 
the only time i’m actually productive (cleaning, playing music, laundry, etc.) is when i’m trying to not do my homework 
don't edit it, just give us the whole conversation 
these hearings are the greatest shows on earth!!!! lol 
troll feed. you'd think they were in the dole line. 
they are taking the laces from her red shoes, making them unsafe to wear! help! this is us! america we cry for you! @ foxnews @ … 
someone said x not really dead and him and pac bout drop the hardest collab of all time in 2020. i’m dead 
show your tits for the lads!!!! … 
cap’n crunch and frosted flakes are the best cereal..that’s all. 
when best western and/or the gorge poisons your entire group 
thanks hols omg ahaha so much has happened in the last 10 minutes omg 
the awesomeness of #postables nation in full … 
marquei como visto the 100 - 3x8 - terms and conditions #bancodeseries 
if me did know me woulda tell you but i really don’t know why people can just mind them fucking business ... is not their place to ask the girl that that’s so out of order 
the presidents safety is at risk -- the presidents safety is at risk -- the presidents safety is at risk -- god forbid. 
#今日はこれ audio warfare - the fourth dimension: hardcore ) 
like was he in treatment for his mental health challenges? i’m even more confused at this uproar now that i’ve listened to the songs his fans love. it’s mostly just dark content and i’m legit confused. do his fans feel the same way? like..... 
be kind. for everybody is fighting their own battles. -auggie the wonder 
just got a box of leather/rubber gear in time for the fetish ball this weekend and it came with a nice note and a sketchy insert 
the clock is all over the place. friday i work at 1:30pm.... 
a belt from the ‘90s inspired andré saraiva’s next venture 
dear angelenos facebook friends, my company is looking for a graphic designer to work with one of our key client in town (music!). check the offer! (social media visuals, animations and video) 
that is the most cringy thing i read. just wow do research.... … 
bummed today because the comic book shop i transferred to is shutting down next week. and the only other shop near me is run by incompetent jackasses. 
do the damn thing ma 
i'll respect you more if you just tell the fuccin truth weirdo. 
so many members of the toronto chinese community want to protest marijuana regulation and control. i mean sure, that’s exercise i guess have fun lol 
alright, pierce at where the enemy let their guard down! 
okay so i just saw the dispatch pics and i am now dead bye 
first twins game! they're playing the red sox so all the fans look the same in their reds and blues. (@target field - @ twins for boston red sox vs minnesota twins in minneapolis, 
thanks for the mention lamar :) x have yourself a wonderful rest of the week :) … 
do you have the write stuff? 
20:00:00 |temp: 88.4ºf | heat index: 98.0ºf | dew point: 74.7ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the w, gusting to 0.0 
this is the hero we need from 14 years ago 
i have just been whacked in the face by two daddy longlegs copulating. i'm not amused. 
like a sexy bond villain! that is a knockout of the park pic! 
my mission trip to uganda playing with the brightest kids. 
will the cavs draft someone 5’8” tonight? 
#firstdayofsummer and things are getting hot! did you know that the most common items stolen from vehicles throughout our area are work tools? @ sdsosantee @ sdsolakeside want to remind you to lock your doors & remove all valuables from you 
konipshun phit has a show on 06/23/2018 at 06:00 pm @music lynxx in mentor-on-the-lake, oh #concert 
im starting the killing of a sacred deer i hope its not scary 
booiiiiiii imma punch you in the throat 
i almost have the opposite issue where my vibrator is way better than men lmao 
sooo @ jurassicworld .. while it was good it's more dramatic than adventurous like the other ones. i cried like 3 times. and humans are evil. but it will lead to more jw movies so that will be cool. :-) 
oh well, you can move like that when you have 3 picks in the first round... … 
maybe, but for you love is a gangbang in the basement of a run-down building. i'm not sure we can compare here. 
while i love the lois as batman cover, collecting more signatures to accompany jlgl would be too hard to pass up. 
when cardi b said “pussy so good i say my own name during sex” i felt that then she said “i like dudes that been in and outta jail” i cringed and changed the song. 
when the guy the grizzlies draft 4th overall is compared to noah and ibaka let’s hope he far out plays those guys. #memphis #grizzlies 
ugh. we need to offload the rest of our bigs. … 
some people are destined to fight forever, we so happen to fall under that category. i wouldn’t have it any other way, nothing brings me more joy when i step into that ring and see that the person standing opposite me is the woman who inspired me to get into this business. … 
the cool mid-century design and touches really make the loading area of the incredicoaster cool. art is almost shag-esque. #incredicoaster 
penis muscles: the muscles of the penis 
. @ bakermayfield makes colin look like a clown! i’m a steelers fan, but pulling for this dude. so much swag! he’s exactly what the @ browns … 
the crust 
i am such a happy egg i got to see the supreme court (i was so excited i took such crappy pictures) and wowie wow i love it i’m so inspired and my dc trip has barely begun 
watching the #warcraft #mdi with a full lap. life is 
sorry, for not putting any update' s on the channel. but some stuff happened this week/last week and i will return in a few weeks. can't say a specific date in case something happens. i not be active on any social media until i get back. @ ross_mackieyt 
#blackadderbot baldrick, believe me, eternity in the company of beelzebub and all his hellish instruments of death will be a... 1/2 
#nowplaying bless your name by warrior generation on #wniagospelradio @ warriorgone's inside the super mix rotation listen now | download our app in your app store! 
now playing million in the bank.mp3 by ! 
i'm the kappa right next to tue new one xd 
today's money being wasted on a wall of shit and a gestapo force, only the money from 2009 matters 
if i'm reading it right these camps will have the capacity for over 100,000 people. 
the accuracy. 
why not what would it cost us to keep them immigrants in america the more to come to america the more to ship the money back to mexico it's costing us millions now.. 
i'm not sure "both these series involve x, therefore if a person likes one series, they'll like the other" is the best method for getting people into anime or anything else. 
holy fuck this is a great photo of the sun on my tl bless 
well the judge and the defense are still trying to pry that from mueller's team. so far no go. they indicted a corporation that wasn't created until after the date of the indictment - the virtual ham sandwich. nobody has seen any evidence yet. have you seen any evidence? 
the usdmxn has reached ma target 
our waitress was vegan and understood our pain i love the world 
shouldn't be shocked. look what they did with your dad's wife's jacket. the media refuses to tell the truth about many if any stories concerning your family. … 
i just keep circling the block, hoping to catch you with the blinds up. 
you mean the story that starts with a planet that is under sith occupation and later is blown up is a good example of the universe at rest? 
is the best and the most important base, you know it. 
yes, your fire truck is floor scale. :o) one of the scenarios in grand theft auto 2 had a fire truck that was armed with a flamethrower instead of a water cannon. 
he now has military bases to house kids. using kids as bait for civil unrest so he can deploy troops, est. martial law& literally take over the streets. seems imperative for him to meet w/putin on our soil. a powergrid attack w/help frm n. korea at same time could be devastating 
pissed a liberal off today. was in line to check out and he asked if he could cut in front cause he had 1 item. i told him no. the lady behind him had 4-5 items and was wearing a trump shirt so i let her cut. he was pissed. called a manager over and he said it was my decision. 
im not the one who started saying one was better than the other. i orginally said i couldn't decide between them to prompt appreciation for their genius, but then i got a ton of replies saying it was easy to choose between them, why are u struggling. 
you have been repeatedly saying that they kicked her out because of "opposing views" but that's not it at all. the problem with sanders is that she is a government employee, paid by our tax dollars and she goes up to that podium and constantly lies to the american people. 
the kcon line up was so good sigh imagine being there 
as we near the end of pride month, we here at twb wanna know, what does pride mean to you? . . . . . . #thewellbranded #gay #fashion 
your nerdy, self centered, ominous-half educated remarks are certainly making you and your party less and less relevant! your playing a very dangerous game...and for what? just because our president is the best in america’s history! shame on you! #impeachirrelevantsenators 
made it rain at the 99cent store today! 
thanks to the internet and social media, she's destroyed her reputation & business. if this kind of response keeps up, future white busybodies won't dare make such nuisance calls. … 
it is individuals like yourself that give christianity a bad name! why is it that makes you think you are better than others!trying to be relevant? it is obvious that you have forgotten the teachings of the lord! and come judgement day, we know where you are going! 
@ drmsambalpur pnr6415517297 18448 there is no announcement of pf for the train. passengers in confusion 
hollis johnson wegmans regularly takes the top spot as customers' favorite grocery store in the united states. it recently received the highest customer-service ratings of any of america's supermarkets in an annual survey by market force 
the fucking truth! 
reads like a who's who's of 911 conspirators. 
why the fuck did someone take the time to make this . . . 
“interesting. yes,” ippolit says with a laugh, looking around at everyone else in the room. he can almost feel the tension. “maybe we ought to get going?” 
to a point?... furnish me with the details of the reasons why you don't agree to it in it's fullest 
#repost @ michaelbleby with get_repost ・・・ making the afp wonks more collaborative and breathing agility into a modernist shopping mall: @ hassell_studio’s majura police centre allows the… … 
the letters of secession from the various states are jam packed with references to slavery. it truly was a war between "slaveholding" & "non-slaveholding" states. 
my sunday: universal studios in the am, ride 2 rides, drive to pasadena to talk to kevin feige for 10 minutes, now back to universal fo dinner and more rides. not a normal day, but a fun one. 
listen, if y'all didn't want me to play rangers all the time, you shouldn't have given the archetypes some cool-ass names 
what?! vegans are constantly sharing info about the barbarity of factory farming. like all the fuckng time, dude. get a clue. 
new @ fox29philly storm track.. strong to severe storm will exit the city city shortly and into nj by 8:15pm moving east at 30mph. 
now i got to listen to it 
his now ex-wife posted video evidence of him verbally and physically abusing her and he has experienced no repercussions for his actions even in the #metoo era 
#blacktwitter y’all ready for the #betawards 
happy birthday to one of the gossip girls!!!! i hope you listen to lots of frank ocean and daniel ceasar today :) 
biggest baseball weekend takeaway? @ maddogunleashed is high saying that the @ yankees will win the division by eight or nine games over the @ redsox. i don’t see that coming close to happening. 
this acc will be archived, tweetsheet will remain active. ty to all that have supported us! keep up the good fight. 
hi happy to help here. twin towers had an unusual design where the external frame took a high amount of load, so as the steel beams (which weren't protected with intumescent paint) heated up they became floppy and dragged the exterior of the building in and down as they caved … 
all the unlocks and shit on it, that i would usually do sometimes on mine, hey i don't do cheats, but only a few games i would have to do that, just seemed too impossible and i mean to all of those games, cheats had to be used on literally about 4 games to the whole thing. 
a rare penalty try paved the way for @ nswrl to beat @ qldmaroons 18-14 in the second state of origin match sunday and clinch australia's annual best-of-three rugby league series with a game to spare. 
just sent c101 out of meu to the hummingbird fire in shu 
early mountain five forks 2017 - $25. can be bought via online store or in the tr: #ecwinechat 
@ realdonaldtrump brought to you by a @ usairforce reject, who without having a marines office nearby, got recruited for life, live frugally... we have the means for everyone, you don't need slavery with automation. just ingenuity, u got a task, pres. don, build. it's like autocad. 
oh wow, if only yikyak was still a thing at this point in my life, the place i went to high school would be having a field day rn #missedopportunity 
stuck - mxmtoon - i love this already - wow this is so relatable im crying?? - no really this is so relatable. im actually crying (ive kinda had a bad day and this hit the spot) 
hm. thats geniuas. guess you must be the presnident. 
… soros mccain reform institute & immigration- 2/15/08- “i want the third generation, the seventh generation, i want them all to think ‘mexico first.’ ” these are the words of juan hernandez, mccain’s “hispanic outreach director,” on nightline 6/7/01. [2008] 
fox has become a liberal outlet with the exception of around four shows, it’s a good alternative to those who see through cnn 
sounds like a legitimate threat too her. imagine the president of the us threatening her, for calling for the gathering of a crowd. when the president starts threatening elected officials, it’s time we unelect him. threatens infants and toddlers and black women. 
wonder what your parents think of their baby girl hangin with the leader of the free world? in what world can this happen? just sayin as a plain old maga mom … 
i didn’t call it nearly full, merely reused the phrase. 
trump has let all the racists come out. this will only get worse. … 
really though. everything flies out the window, just life 
the country is down the tubes. there's so much wrong anyplace you start to attempt a repair will seem futile. the sheer messed-upness of it all is debilitating. 
the dude said lebron can shoot like steph lmaoooooo if lebron could shoot like steph. right now jordan vs lebron is a debate. it wouldn’t even be a debate … 
wow! a nazi who has the jewish prime minister as a friend, who goes to the wailing wall, who moves the embassy to jerusalem! i bet they take his nazi card away for that one! are you really that uneducated? 
sales of new u.s. homes jumped 6.7% in may, with purchases in the south accounting for all of the monthly gains.… … 
iconic.. this is a great campaign @ netflix. keep up the great work. … 
the universe has been guiding me and telling me to trust myself for so long. finally i’m listening. 
then all of the representatives in congress would have to be investigated for the same thing an put in prison. 
can yall imagine jinki holding a cute kitten and his big eye smile as the kitty plays ...im sensitive 
no matter what you’re doing, as long as the company is right, every motive bangs 
the amazing @ astonmartin db11 coupe at @ hwm_astonmartin looks very striking in the colour black 
or the deodorant aisle. 
prediction: montas goes on the dl tomorrow. a's call-up 2017 texas league championship hero, james naile. 
2/3 qatar's continued support of international terrorism is an open secret. just like the saudi's. again these are on my shithole country lists. america compared to these country's freedoms and human rights and quality of life is way superior. america is not a utopia. it is 
nope, just learned to disregard it i have noticed though that i often have a dozen or more drafts for the same email listed in the gmail web interface. it's like saves a new draft each time instead of replacing the previous one. 
good for you! everyone has to grow up and see the world as it is, not as we wish it would be. hope you encouraged more democrats to think for themselves. 
"the things we do to our bodies, the things we do to our brains.. it's quite brutal. don't push me." 
anyone could say yep that's mine. we did change him after season two (which was four years ago) why pipe up now and make shit that no one wants or cares about. your on ps4 and don't even use the fucking name, get a life. 
im on the next flight out lol 
me too. i heard their names to my friend. maybe it's not the right time to stan with them that time because i cannot support being a fangirl unlike now. lol #teenchoice for #choiceinternationalartist is #exo @ weareoneexo 
for doc so loved the clippers he traded his only begotten son 
omg i hope you’re on the 17th floor every night 
im in the high pitch of tension ... waiting for the call from the studio 
chris cuomo is quick , smart & doesn't let them off the hook , kicking a** taking #s . 
the way @ slitherysebas sneezed in the video had me fucking rolling 
you just know these dudes listened to nickelback to get pumped up for the confrontation. … 
the hypocrisy is sickening. how dare any member of #putinsgop party demand waters apologize when they defended trumps attacks against the fbi, the intelligence community, the obama family,women,latinos, blacks, democrats,the constitution, decency, common sense,children. #fuckoff 
my phone better than the iphone 
buddy, a former #housepig on his #sunsetstroll across the pasture. this guy who weighs somewhere around 300 lbs was sold as a tiny baby #minipig and then he just kept growing. now he's… … 
i love that shit 
the end 
my mood ,mouth, and mind on 10 leave me the fuck alone 
the same way you can be all into stupid ass songs and movies and dumb ass shit is the same way you can give a damn about this! 
nope. screw the @ gop hypocrites. no scotus pick until after the midterms or maybe after their dear leader is no longer under investigation. 
that is a flat out lie. hc worked all her career to help the less fortunate regardless of skin color, religion or socioeconomic background. we have never had a more qualified woman to lead this country. 
i appreciate the sentiments, but since i’m not twitter elite and don’t act like a know it all (ok with this) my exposure #onhere is limited. appreciate the good followers like you. 
i’m livid to the point that i can’t even look at ppl who voted 3rd party, stayed home or voted for trump the same way. … 
the gravity cant hold us 
yeah it's just a shit organization and the guy who's gonna give roman polak 3x$2.75m on july 1 isn't gonna turn it around lol. screw it, i'm writing the damn column. 
imagine how mad peole would get if they didnt bring it back but i have a feeling they will bring it back later today or tomorrow with the week 9 challenges 
such beautiful pics and that bread looks delicious. i am so sorry that you have to endure the bigotry of this administration. 
like some other high profile fas, there’s no path to the playing time they want. he’s not coming to be 3rd backup, like kcp/bradley aren’t coming to not-start. 
happy birthday to @ quincydjones what an incredible night! made so by this sensational talent @ beverleyknight who #killedit with her gutsy, soulful insane #vocals #inspiration #@the o2 … 
assistant to the branch manager 
you really do not have to be having sex up and down cheaply. it brings regrets that makes you to want to get back via the kind of accusations you made. now, let jesus heal you and forgive you and give you beyond what’s making jump and travel miles! peace! … 
jouya kanou is a fictional character in the anime/manga series getbackers #kbot 
add the finishing touches to your outdoor patio or sunroom with an all weather area rug! which one of these indoor/outdoor area rugs from surya do you like best? #whatsyourstyle 
speak it into existence for the both of us sis!!!!! 
tonight we start the long weekend off right! inside @sugardaddysnightclub live to air @ z1035toronto with @ hammeronair @ djritz hosted by @ mcslickvic … 
all i did was sleep today rather than actually try to be productive lol i think i've officially declared the month of june as my resting month and will resume productivity in july 
i said the same thing if i can get my face a lil more clearer i really would hardly ever wear makeup … 
i don’t care who you are, what you think you’re doing or what you think you know - these are the 5 things you need if you want to live the life you want to it’s maximum. 5 things, explained while too... … 
so sad: a 10-year-old boy had reportedly just told his family he was gay. little anthony avalos was then found mortally wounded at his home with severe head injuries and cigarette burns covering his body. he died the next morning. … 
my brother said: “neighbors so close that you can hand them some toilet paper from the windows” me & @ elchapojr00 just lost it! 
come on, jeff, wotc can’t possibly find copies of vintage cards for the cube. they had to borrow cards for the paper vintage master’s draft. if only there was some way they could print cards… 
@ merseysiderwa present us our big cheque after the lovely david robinson @ seftonmayor cut the golden honey ribbon with @ ssenorthwest beekeeping students from @ rowanparkschool a sunny day all round @ fordlanegarden @ 
i liked a @ youtube video baldi's basics: the story you never knew | baldi's basics in education and learning 
capital gazette shooting is the largest mass shooting of journalists in america … via @ dailycaller 
the boys having their free time enjoying local area is the reason why i love the world tour..the kind of freedom they will not get in korea 
that’s the mindset of a participation trophy child 
cant wait to hear the other songs !!! 
2 of my little cousins are pregnant.. something in the water that i don’t want any part of 
@ thierryhenry makes @ troopzafc's day as he watches his #belgium side beat #england 1-0! is titi the ? 
in 2017, the average country etf was up 28%. in 2018, the average country etf is down 6%. #etf #think it over !! 
i think i would direct and produce the best action movies they would be so incredibly gay it'd be like here's the high octane train-top gunfight (the soundtrack is a very hard remix of a very bad katy perry song) 
sam and the robot will be the best showmance of the summer. #bb20 
quejesto. mimos. aw. mimos. achucha a the can. 
dub the first two seasons then hugtto. 
jaw - survival of the sickest via @ youtube 
my horrible hot busy day almost turned into the best day when i thought @ marenmorris followed me and it was a fake :-( 
#blackadderbot it is customary on these occasions for the groom to marry the bridesmaid i presume you will honour this 
how bout we just say the press is doing satan's work and call it a day. … 
congrads to matt barnes,struck back at that gold digging broad...but she is ok cause derek fisher is about to wife the trick...fisher is about the dumbest son of a bitch on earth. ex wife in his pocket for 130k per month and now this broad about to take all his bread 
before it went to the judges, he was like.... 
10. taegi- these two were so underrated till the producers decided to pair them together for a friendship trip during bon voyage. these two bonded and showcased lost of affection for one another. looking back they were close in the early days of bts and are showing their closenes 
20:00:00 |temp: 82.5ºf | heat index: 89.2ºf | dew point: 74.6ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the se, gusting to 0.0 
anybody looking to find an apartment in portland? there's a couple nice afford 2 bedrooms around rn and m/ecas giving me hell about getting nushki up here but i trust the facebook queer exchange about as far as i can throw it for that 
uhh why get this when you can just pay someone to do it. even with this thing you have to do some work. all lazlo has to do now is call someone and give them the debit card. 
the democrats have no room to compare anyone to the moral disgrace of abortion. … 
i’m so stressed about everything i can’t sleep. i’m tired all the time. i’m losing my hair way too much. and portions of it are turning white/blond. doctors don’t know what’s going on but i’m not going well and it’s killing me. i can’t even work or rest properly. 
it’s so hot in vegas that when i put bread down in the trunk of my car to make a sandwich it deadass got toasted. 
focus on the disintegration of britain and keep your worthless opinions domestic - your once prestigious magazine has declined to just being another left wing hypocritical waste of time 
retweeted chase oaks church ( @ chaseoaks): summer moms connection in july, are you pregnant and/or have pre-school aged children and want a little break this summer? we are offering moms connection in the summer! we... … 
unleash the master spark!!!! #jpzbot 
227+million non-trump followers who are a united front against bullsh++, are going to crush the trump/putin agenda and the gop into oblivion in 2018, they are dropping like flies already saying they won't run, update those resumes boys, the "party" is over 
hi bob, our names are di and robin. we are in the affiliate marketing industry. i found your twitter account on linkedin,, would love to talk with you about the great companies that we are involved with. 
good evening, goolies! who's ready for "the leech woman?" #svenpals 
unlike with england, the germans don't like the dutch much either. a mutual rivalry. 
what the actual fuck 
oh oh fuck fuck sorry guys i’m dropping my lovefor my ari all over the place sorry @ arianagrande 
to all of you " conscious" black people who are indifferent to trump's and the us immigration policies, what do you have to say about algeria forcing black migrants, even those who are legal with visas , to walk the sahara at gunpoint? do you even know ? 
sis if ur gonna say phil outsold our favs atleast own up to it and don't delete the twt . why puff that shit back in ? — i deleted the tweet because some dumbass put the n word in a reply and i don't want that racist s... … 
think meadows or clemens has the chance to be that guy 
honestly though, brown eyes are the best 
the essence of customer service - from the dogs of ups 
sorry - nearly funny, but not. trouble is, all the real giraffes have been shot by stupid, rich americans who don't understand - 1) "big game hunting" is an outdated abomination. 2) it's not "big game hunting" if the target is a herbivore - loathsome, murderous guys please note 
and the end we've a dinner 
18. #mcgiweeklythanksgiving the best things in life are free. -msnp 
the dorftrottel trump lies and said he has guaranteed that nk will get rid of their nukes. in actuality, that was pure bûllshit. trump got played like a 50 cent flute. 
when one of the mcdonald's lobby girls gives you a balloon animal. mcdonalds @mcdonald's restaurant … 
the best date i’ve been on was at ikea lol 
like yea there are good songs, but other than the singles, there’s nothing that stands out against the rest of his discography 
you got this girl!! everything is going to be worth it in the end 
the girl at sally’s like “why you bleaching your hair? it’s not healthy” first of all, i’ll cut this shit off and start over again. do i look like i care bout being bald 
big bucks in the child sex trafficking???? sounds that way to me??? wonder what the price is when this drug, i mean child hits the border, then whats the $$$ when they are in the us, and how much it cost to warehouse/ship to the end user??? … 
give me the studio version of anna or give me death 
miss the tot lot! 
the last time i had it i got just shrimp & the shrimp wasn’t clean lol. ima just stick with veggies only 
it's not even an exaggeration...love the cartoon! 
girls who call themselves the mom of their friend group also have daddy issues 
i blocked the fool 
miss paltrow, this is cool, then you gotta tip on the tightrope 
facts how does the shotgun work now? 
if necessary we must take to the streets by the millions to prevent the surpeme court justice approval before mueller probe is finished and until /unless potus is cleared of charges. the court may have to rule on action related to him. 
then you are part of the problem. 
the toasted parmesan crust at pizza hut is godly 
21 minutes since this (re)tweet how many rts for you to actually do the restock 
they look like those couples who just started dating and being all cringy-ish cuddly all the time … 
you continuously have a dreamy picture of trump on the toilet running through your head? well ok. you do you, man. 
winning an election is one thing. defeating corruption and curbing violence, quite another. he'll have his hands full, and an expectant constituency demanding change. i hope he will be up to the task. 
these same airlines pat themselves on the back for refusing to transport kids for ice. hypocritical and heartless. 
enjoying the ratio? 
this is the worst thing i've ever seen what the fuck 
alright st croix, let’s get wet. it’s the 1st annual oceanzz mid-summer wet fete on july 28th, 2018 from 12:00pm - 6:00pm. premium all inclusive drinks food and vibes included. advanced... … 
it is absolutely beautiful. the two of them are absolutely incredible 
girl you doing all these subliminals on here and took me off of all social media for what because at the time i told you i ain’t have it ? oh ! you can ever said i need t more than you some come at me different cause i’m not them bitches period !!! 
throwback to when i was given free mezcal in taxco but had to refuse because i was too hung over from the night before 
my friend library shared bbtag with me so i could at least lab and shit before i buy the game myself on ps4 bless <3 
the nones on the rise in many places via @ atheistrepublic 
you saw the cbc radio live stream the other day right? did you catch where they mentioned harborstone? i don't recall what the time on the video was. 
the lion king has always been my favourite with wall-e coming in a very close 2nd. … 
yup! granted 2500 iranians citizenship during his “iran deal” which was never a deal-it was an extortion tactic;obama gave away the store all in one big wad, which is just a bit more than a smidgen! 8 yrs to destroy this country:how long to rebuild? … 
and let s finish with something that is the occupied western sahara. under rutte the netherlands signed a about 14 million € deal to fish in occupied waters. … 
1/10th of the scandals @ scottpruittok @epascottpruitt has going right now would taken down a normal epa admin.and severely damage a normal administration. but @ koch_industries $$$ is a powerful drug for the @ … 
heartbreak for japan. yoshida magnificent. inui class... fair play to belgium, but big witsel is like me first thing in the morning. 
my grind doesn't stop cause you don't like it... i have a dream and i am doing any and everything to see it come true! be along for the ride or get lost #workingwoman… … 
he'll get his reward in heaven...he can collect at the rainbow bridge. 
nice... and just the right music 
i hope this is the week leo gets a one on one #thebachelorette 
i stopped at camp for like the first time in three years and pastor leon’s kids recognized me and then i felt special inside. 
look at the tweet below :) 
thank you. i do sometimes break down lineups (if key guys r out, hence the regular usage of the term "dead bat backup") & bullpens but a)im sometimes told i already write too much and b)cant keep saying the same things about bullpens (ex. ive already covered mil's great bullpen) 
i'd pay a lot of money to watch the first training session this off-season lol … 
2.3m x 3.4m for $150. absolutely dirt cheap. and the old one will go up for sale. will work out to be an extremely cheap rug swap. 
i know the feeling... so sorry for your loss 
i read it through jkr’s retweet but yes, the internet is forever. hopefully one day some kids will be reading about this pres in their school history text files and laughing their arses off at the ludicrousness of it all. 
i don't even listen to x like that but the amount of emotion he put into his music is intense 
we expect that from the liberals! this is not news 
or the us radio pop chart is the same with mediabase top 40? 
y’all really think the rules are different when you put a ring on it?? what kind of petty, cheating, trifling relationships are y’all in?? 
20:00:01 |temp: 77.5ºf | heat index: 77.5ºf | dew point: 68.9ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the ese, gusting to 1.0 
harvey weinstein, the droit de seigneur and the second amendment … 
wow! rt @ bill_slawski: bbc news - italy wikipedia shuts down in protest at eu copyright law … this changes how linking works on the web. 
i’d let them slap the shit out of me … 
that's the word! 
families are being separated. even if they are doing things the "legal" way. please open your eyes. this is not okay under any circumstances. 
after doing it “right” for years i’ve now found the perfect way. par boil, drain, shake in a sauce pan to rough up. hot oil and marmite!!!!, cover the pots in it, 45 minutes at 180. nice savoury, not very marmite taste, crisp outer, fluffy inner 
email me your address, we will get a magnet in the mail. 
i mean maybe it was a woman but i feel like only a man would attempt to explain the meaning of an author's work to the author. 
damn “duke” the bush’s baked beans dog died today 
shrinkage is the worst thing to ever occur 
@ uspshelp 1. i tried to call in and complain about a delivery today but your phone system is literally the worst. 2. i came home to the image attached. this is unacceptable. maybe put a rock on it so it doesn’t blow away. 
@ foxnews it's a pity gop don't announce the alarm of what they've done for prices to sky rise. sabotage obamacare for prices to go up. … 
need to beat the summer heat? whip up a party with @ nillawafers from @ walmart and keep cool with easy #nobake recipes #nillasummerparty #contest 
ain't the world a remarkable place! 
you’re telling me. we finally get a new alt-j song. and the only time they arent speaking in morse code is for 1 hook? and the longest verse is pusha t rapping about foreign cars and foreign broads? 
what is the value of x? 
tell you father i soon there. know he expecting me. and i bringing the fucking potato with me 
peter shoves the drugs back into his pocket before rising to his feet. he hadn't questioned a stranger's motives in years, so he just does as he's told and follows grayson. … 
a bath? what am i, a lady of olden times? i do listen in the shower though - my bts playlist on shuffle but skipping all the slow songs because i don't need to get emo in the shower. wrong vibe wrong place 
@ dame_lillard is there any truth to you being “wanted” by the @ lakers?? #speakfirst 
i really hope the mets starting pitchers did not pack their parachutes... 
@ dovecameron in this world there were people who helped me when i needed them most but not necessarily to be there if not for their incredible talent and the immense love they transmit to their fans, i love them with all my heart and gras all. @ thomasadoherty 
this has been the most uneventful july 4th of my life 
the final scene of #thelastjedi really seems out of place and something that disney forced into the movie 
speaking of the wookies. somebody has copied your video, i have sent you the link via email. 
well, classical liberalism is possibly close to that. it's a little bit centre but could go left or right, depending on the particular topic. … also, i'm not entirely sure that i am a complete classical liberal. centre left is probably a good description. 
sauced up im the trending topic step on the scene they looking and watching 
accidentally sending "come fuck this" to the wrong person 
thanks for the relatable content 
i only speak the truth !!! jimin has been found dead in a ditch 
did the naked bacon thing once...big mistake...huge 
an incredible body of work thank you for the many lessons dr pertwee!!! … 
are the celtics the warriors tho 
“in my experience, the whole ‘midwestern nice’ thing can be overstated; but not when it comes to kansas city.” … 
#realdonaldtrump , #maga now we need to reach the one's who will not vote. we want you, we hear you and we will work together making america great again! 
i just slept through the hour i usually use to get ready for work and now i have less than 10 min to get ready 
you are starring in green arrow, the musical? 
ima always fend for dogs when some wild shit happens to people in their space.. cuz i dont even like when people parked out from my house and i got the ability to think more rational than a dog lol 
someone will up the ante to see your tax returns, mr. president. … 
thank you everyone for helping accomplish our biggest giveaway goal yet. we were able to give a @ playstation 4 to a very kind soul. @ scarlette511 is amazing for covering shipping outside the u.s. & a special thanks to @ khaljiit and her @ twitchkittens for always being there for 
i hope one of these days you drop your phone in the toilet. @hassfawazz24 
[food] muffins are easier i am still trying to figure out a reliable way to defrost the pumpkin ones in my freezer. diy microwave meals etc 
the universe is a lie buy gold!!!! 
#coloradowx yasssss!!! thank you lord for the rain colorado needed it badly. #drought #wildfireseason … 
not really no it was back in the days when freedom meant marriage kinda brainwashing 
today on #roadragewithgeli: •just because you're riding a motorcycle doesn't mean you get to go the speed limit+15mph •not only are you smoking in your car, you're tapping the ashes out your sunroof--which fly straight to my car--instead of out the window. 
@ chelseahandler dear @ realdonaldtrump i apologize for this fall down drunken losers post on the 4th. she is a morally bankrupt circus monkey who is void of understanding politics and complex subjects. she is an empty shell who has an inner hatred unmatched by any normal person. 
penguin meat the parents (live) by hannibal buress is #nowplaying on live from 
turning and turning in the widening gyre the falcon cannot hear the falconer; things fall apart; the center cannot hold; mere anarchy is loosed upon the world. —w. b. yeats, “the second coming” 
lmao bro i’m weak af... this reminds me of high school and niggas getting round house kicked at the pool.. 
a great day to you cherub nation, and to the lovely people here! 
i’ll be fighting saturday on #ufc226 catch me on the fightpass prelims, first fight of the night!! #teamtugboat 
kinda like the colour of my braces band :3 
you hit that small bounce into the close corner and it’s over … 
we have finaly made it to the dystopia let it go to be as one tonight 『fly』 詩/揺紗 曲/佑聖 
i am the exception #exceptionalexception … 
"the eyes of the lord are toward the righteous and his ears toward their cry." ps 34:15 #praisethynamemcgi 
i just had pizza hut pizza for the first time,, i’m not disappointed 
i see the need for or rage happens next! 
looking forward to the pictures! 
i mean, hats off to her, i wish her the best and i'm glad to see a young face replace some uninspiring dinosaur. i just don't want the dems to think that kind of politics is their midwestern meal ticket when it's just gonna get their lunch stolen. 
@ sho_thecircus @ jheil > (bingewatchg season1) john podesta sayg nov2016 “you cant let ‘him’ win” - at @ hillaryclinton event in nashua,eve of nh primary jan2008,the same hue/cry ruled among hillary supporters against... @ barackobama >sexism on her side,so wrong given #bubbadanger 
the totrs network [wgra-db] boston blackie 440630 - [002] the manletter bank case aka fifty hunter street 
got killas like pornstars cause they gon come for the bread 
most of my dating life was.... speedy, to say the least. 
wow. what a generous offer sheet from the kings, during a market no one is getting paid like they should. … 
duran duran - hungry like the wolf via @ youtube 
the wooden spoon. proper discipline italian style. 
they played this at the pool while i was in jamaica. everyone looked at me and my wife to see if we would join in as they did the dance. we did not... … 
did you know that july is hot dog month? before you fire up the grill make sure you know about grilling safety. what's your favorite hot dog creation? share a photo with us! … 
i have the same hunch abt unfolding politcal drama by nawaz sharif 2 gain sympathy vote. how cruel are they.. one cannot think cashing one's mother death. these politicians are ruthless ppl … 
the hardest decision to make is wondering if you should go to them or if they should come to you 
just a little recap from the bay 
uncle ben has raised webbing? 
nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion. #digitalmarketing 
oliver took the bedsheet and smelled it deeply, it smelled like elio and it made him happy, oliver put his red shorts on and laid on elio's bed that now smelled like elio and perfumes mixed with sweat and cum, oliver actually thought that it was a great smell, their traces were+ 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist bobby darin - beyond the sea 
"parliament can do anything".. there i completely disagree, as just mentioned in an earlier tweet.. dicey's `introduction for the study of the law of the constitution' defines nation through parliament as `the present sovereign` 
in the mood to block all my locals 
the comments under celebs pics be the funniest 
niggas will be singing the alto part in every song … 
i thought it was one of the better exclusives this generation. didn't have any performance issues either. only thing i was disappointed with was the lack of dialogue. 
well, you have won. now, i really will be "the soccer mom on the sidelines". congrats! croatia all the way...i knew it all along ! but i'm really sad about sweden . #savetimeless just hashtaging out of habit @ goranvisnjic is it 2 g's or 1? 
caesar's route is out and i couldn't finish the second route of klaus yet i'm a loser 
the ribbon project didn’t fail . it did what it was supposed to do at the end and it protected the boys. it was the first time the even took place but its way better then without it. there were a lot of curious people who didn’t even know bts following them and asking & taking- 
“be the change that you wish to see in the world.” --― mahatma gandhi 
lockscreen — oof it’s been the same since the poster released 
the process starts now. great skill development, competition, and fun. become part of the shamrock tradition at one of the longest standing camps around. #ccpride … 
when you see the rb’s 3 point stance 
ricegum is so funny he sits in his chair and paces around his room like it’ll change something about the hate he gets on the internet 
but see the indigenous population clearly didn’t know what was right for them, see. and so since the soviets were just trying to help them… 
u are gonna be one of the gratest racers .... we all believe in u #f1 #britishgp #ferrari 
the next group was some girls dancing to latata, and they were great too, they didn’t have a big crowd tho like the guys before 
join the image protect ico bounty program! up to 5 million tokens available! 
the projeck,, 
"why are there ghosts in there, punching each other in the balls?" #beinghuman 
agreed! but i'm hoping with rockstar and haleigh knowing the swaggy plan ahead of time gives them time to plan for a way to still send winston home. praying the bros don't make it to next week #bb20 
and it took too long to release the damn video. how you gonna send a song to mediabase in november but wait until january to release the video. it was so boring and not even worth the wait. 
propaganda sorry you bought it clinton left the wh head over heels in debt. obama never profited from his position.trump not collecting a paycheck is another one of his cons as he makes more than his annual salary from his trip. the man is dishonest pathological liar. research 
@ tamimccarthy hey there! wanna grab one of the last 50 free tickets to my growth hacking event "the 50 most powerful methods used by silicon valley companies"? you can get it here: … 
i just cast my final vote ballot to send jean segura to the all-star game! help him win the final vote! via @ mlb 
assisti the witch achei a maior viagem adorei demais 
“you don’t have to be smart in everything. you just have to be smart enough to gather the smart people and make them work together.” -jack ma 
yes a baby, and probably the best baby ever. 
meeeeeeeeeeetch the all star … 
ok then who will explain to her? the verdict is in english. 
tl/dr: the democratic party is the one with all the women. 
being dairy free for the sake of my skin problems is sooooo hard 
damn near the same list 
manhattan samba brought some spirit for today's #rbnyunified / #nycfcunified tourney in @ apalliance. the best. #mlsworks @ newyorkredbulls @ 
the time management side of it ? crazy enough. the focus/priority management part going on in my mental is what really takes knocks me out 
hoes dreamers stuck in the mud range bemmers stuck in the mud 
overheard: kathryn: fist me. chakotay: i-what the kathryn: *holds out hand for fist bump* chakotay: right,... 
@ drewdifran papa heff saw the ground ball dominance you showed with it and had to join 
@ kfort1n probably the only way i know 
rank: how come you boys never come out on the lake with me? me: you never invited me out. rank: well you know where i live! best. coach. ever. 
$35 for a bottomless brunch for two at the lantern, greenwich village (a $98 value).. 
usually get in from a model show still in the glow of "well i didn't buy much really"... lasts until half way through the process of listing it all on our website's "my stash just grew again" thread, when the sound of an "oops" is heard, approaching as if from a great distance... 
ok, so playing some destiny 2 as i purchased the game after the free weekend. i"m hooked! who else plays on pc? 
@ dattosdestiny when's the guardian con stream bro? 
i agree with you. the stings of some of the atrocious stuff in my past can still linger, but when those moments happen, i remember the love and betterment they also taught me to cherish. even if you can’t shut them out entirely, you can make more positivity that outweighs them. 
after a long morning at the spa, we're finally getting some time to relax poolside. 
push me to the limit and i might goooo 
having problems with the audio. it's very faint. 
omggg they have the whole series brb … 
nuk, you’re the best!! 
just imagine for a moment that justin's wedding is published and beliebers around the world can go to see them i only ask god to go there with all my mutuals that have been by my side day by day for the passion that make us a family you're part of me 
kids are the funniest 
it is disgusting that they can't figure out citizens and non-citizens. what they are doing is evil in the first place and compounded by incompetence. to lose the parents of any child they have taken responsibility for is an outrage. … 
y’all know those crappy cheap ass chocolates in the like, dollar valentine’s day hearts? i love those fuckers. i wish they were sold year-round. 
your locations include universal city which i showed up to before 5 pm, so thanks for the false promo. 
as long as it's for alcohol too. don't appreciate my dog gobbling up cig buts and chewing on bottle caps. don't mind him eating the roaches though. they will never hurt her. may get loaded and possibly have a puke like humans when had a bit to many tokes but won't hurt her. 
*goes to urban for 30 mins and my car gets towed* day 2 of the worst day ever 
seriously over the edge! 
what's the dumbest thing you've done that's actually turned out pretty well? — bought overwatch … 
you’ll adapt in a few years and a 50 degree day will feel like the coldest day you’ve ever experienced 
because she’s 22 and don’t know what to do happy birthday to my bestie that keep the checks hefty @ 
it’s brutal out there right now! protect yourself and take time when you need it, meows the time to embrace it and see what can be done with it rather than wallowing in it (i’m struggling to not wallow, myself) 
glasgow city council: defend our right to parade - sign the petition! 
every blackpink member always talks about how the other members are her sisters and how they helped each other for years before debuting don't you even try 
so you see class. the lesson today is that social media is merely a highlight reel. that is why "jimmy gets high tonight" stay tuned boppers stay tuned" 
life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain. 
each state is listed here - and everybody loves a bargain! the best bargain homes on the market 11.7.2018 … via @ viewcomau 
that scene in lilo and stitch when lilo is laying on the floor listening to heartbreak hotel with the door locked.......... 
beware the hollywood hype on human … 
"lead the way" he smiles 
had a lot of people ask if i would do it..just curious who would watch if i made a pregnancy story video, day in the life video, etc. (open to requests of course) 
who’s the greater player in the league go to ? 
gostei de um vídeo @ youtube … talk current world tour, meeting fans, & their favorite song to sing in the 
@ smoovsmoov @ … 
apparently he's benched for the playoffs 
don’t cry we have done amazing and if any one say different poke them in the fucking eye! … 
top 3 dos seus filmes favs da marvel? — 1. gotg vol2/ant man and the wasp 2. infinity war 3. black panther … 
#drawingtsathabosejesho during the nights like i promised clementmosa work still in progress color pens on paper @olievenhoutbosch … 
this is great, @ jacobtswinney if only you could add the latest @ mothermovie close-ups that would be perfect 
follow the laws souchebags 
#illini congrats to @ dj_dfunk! keep up the great run & go get them this week at the … 
this coming from a man who supposedly investigated the birth place of president obama while having an affair with a porn star and a play boy playmate. … 
out the way wyd? 
go for it......mybusylife.com we are the ultimate competitive performance sport organizer. use code "web3freed1" for a free 3 month trial. #cheerleading #dancers #pageantlife… … 
@ the_king_shae you better unblock me... 
@ aircanadarouge delayed flight cost me double the cost for transportations which i already booked & paid for in advance but because i had to rebook i pay double the price for missing my transportation i would like to be reimbursed for the cost of my transportation thank you 
@ cnnpolitics @ cnn calling prior staff is unethical. can’t imagine why the rating s at cnn suck. 
this whole time i did not peep myself in the mirror behind him lol slipping … 
impressive debut by the 25 year old james norwood. fastball reached 99 mph while showcasing a devastating splitter and has a slider to go with it. could definitely see him sticking around! 
doesn't like the voyager at all, looks like the potp leader going off the feet and arm panels. though, the panels on the back are completely different 
this was the best show 
i won the thieftaker achievement in assassin's creed syndicate for 25 #trueachievement 
in short, the story republicans have been telling is you can’t have a political opinion and serve in a job that involves oversight or investigations. #projection but ok, i’m looking forward to 200 resignations so #trumprussia can be properly investigated. #partyfirst #gopbastards 
i was so emotinal when i saw the video of the show and i don't know you, but im so happy for you!!!!! you have to be proud of this incredible gift! love is love, no matter what! 
season 5 with the boys: via @ youtube 
there will be incredible scenes in cities across the uk tomorrow. and the balloon will fly... 
i just wanna scream off the top of my lungs 
the best part of this video is when the lady says "..salsa dancing has actually been a tradition here at orchard beach for over 50 years!"...all while people are dancing to bachata in the background. i can not. @ thrillist @ delta ya'll … 
aka and casspernyovest are the wizkid and davido of south africa 
i won the come take a look! achievement in nier: automata become as gods edition for 25 #trueachievement 
i would pay triple the price of a build a bear rather than wait in one of those lines. 
guess i’m not black because the cars beside my car would be smashed up like an accordion if i backed in … 
desaparecidos does it pretty well on "read music/speak spanish." not a funny skit, but a conversation that demonstrates the shallowness of the narrator for the following song. it only happens a couple times on the album, so it doesn't wear out its welcome after multiple listens. 
when living in the midwest doesn't broacast the yankees. it's life. i adapt, overcome and move forward. let's go yankees!!! tomahawk some indians tonight 
no lol she crossed waaayyy past the point of me caring 
editorial: emmett till's legacy endures in chicago and across the country. we hope a new investigation into his death will reveal all the facts of what happened to him, writes @ trib_ed_board. 
i liked a @ youtube video the evolution of three days grace (1997 - 2018) 
i’m really starting the day off with 37% battery. what a mood 
subaru finished all of his tv appearances, today was his last jweb update, and he’s not joining the tour so basically he’s gone already even though he’s still in je till end of yr. i haven’t followed eito enough to call myself a fan but still it seems too sudden and i’m a bit sad 
the fun podcasts! 
#icymi- daugher of former wwe superstar is training to wrestle, goal is to make it to the performance center 
oh, god, the drama, the happy ending, this has made my day. … 
you're welcome & no problem! i've been off twitter for so long, i'm super out of the loop! lol! 
the wudoubles were still in search of kinetic 9 endeavours to the blueberry world to find his grandfather the great fairy god king james... 
i lost in a ranked and is was the most funniest game i played 
if only the victim got to hug his family again … 
@ idaklockmann women over 49 and girls under 15 are not covered in the indicators- this is political and is a key point of @ sexogsamfund advocacy in the review of indicators #dataispolitical #sdgs #hlpf2018 @ denmark_un @ globaltfokus @ dstdk 
the last awesome all star game. … 
i think this was the 35 footer pull up for the win in okc day classic steph shot … 
i can think of people who need it way more than illegal immigrants crossing the border 
steve and tiffany had perfect weather and view for their thursday wedding on board the the mv skansonia congratulations! — at the mv skansonia … 
this is the saddest tweet in the world, delete your account. 
you know it's friday the 13th when the @ braves get a call overturned thanks to replay. 
i was on ft with my friend and his little brother was like “wait does she wear make up” i was like nah , he goes “good , she knows she’s beautiful on the outside as well as the inside” 
naruto really the truth 
so does the u.s. 
literally any living thing is just a “bunch of cells.” your argument is both scientifically and morally bankrupt 
trumps inauguration crowed on the left and protesters in london on the right. happy friday 
i won the marked for death achievement in halo wars 2 for 23 #trueachievement … 
its been about 48 hours since the clean and the algae has pretty much fully returned, its not dangerous or anything but it's kinda gross looking 
all mary renault’s books, especially “the king must die” and “the mask of apollo.” 
yep and that’s the tea 
now he’s just gonna flop on the floor and stare at the stars. he knows all of them by name. . . they look so close to him, but they’re so far away. . . . he misses them. 
“however, watching one’s language is an important aspect for manners is it not? please, reconsider it miss.” please awaken him to the fact that this is not the normal kagamine. … 
well at least you have more room for all that big dick energy! congrats by the way, that’s a huge drop!! how long did it take 
it’s the delicious combination of both. magical 
finna stop at the grocery store 
i love the summer bc when i’m tan i don’t wear makeup & i’m nice and glowy. in the winter i look like i have two black eyes 
hope you have the night off to enjoy your birthday!!! 
youtube is such a weird experience, it's like one second you're watching funny videos and the next it's like nature videos then it's sad videos about people surviving jumping off the golden gate bridge 
i won 3 achievements in gnomes garden 3: the thief of castles for 201 #trueachievement 
i dated this musician who used to play songs for me over the phone. then i realized he was just putting me on hold. #teamfollowback 
this is the terrible guy they are all up in arms over? smh!! see this instagram photo by @ hardwick … #istandwithchrishardwick 
j'ai ajouté une vidéo à une playlist @ youtube - scott, allison and isaac were playing a joke on the alphas twins // teen wolf 
just wait for the despacito 3 dlc 
i look at my "quitting" as changing habits. the vape is helping me a lot but i'm gonna have to work on that "habit" as well. some times i use my vape way to often bit still feel better than smoking cigarettes. 
i won 6 achievements in lego star wars: the force awakens for 128 #trueachievement 
cause, you know, i love the players and you love the game 
i think i've got a spot to set up for the #rdc2018 interviews. 
i won 2 achievements in wolfenstein ii: the new colossus for 47 #trueachievement … 
hypocrite is the new normal. … 
the ppl have spoken 
happy birthday ghado, i hope your birthday is the best ! 
i think i do, danny. i was trying to explain that to u when u told me, in effect, to get lost. i know u for the decent man u are. i think u want to engage. but it is hard. really hard. and i’m sorry u think i patronised you. i’d like to try again. there is a lot at stake here. 
it was a quick notion, hana almost figured it was a part of her desperate imagination at this point but yes, that warm, toned bicep was indeed resting on the back of her neck and suddenly the room is on fire and she needs an escape route. 
the simple truth is that my buzzsaw harmonic qualities, which are starting to form the effect of a backup singer (b1/c2, g2, + g3, as pictured below) will likely make me reviled by most of the members of the workshop. i may as well go all-in on both the melodic + harmonic. 
join the club … 
i shared this even before i could understand the whole thing. i parked outside infront the garaged door outside the house, my little dogs barked in alert to what was unusua in the yard. it was because i was... … 
i don't think u have to be perfect to teach ur kida in fact the idea that u have failed or had your life impactes by lack of prep or discipline or maturity or effort or attn to detail may serve ur kids a better lesson than anything else 
i’m gonna call @ sachabaroncohen the idiot whisperer. he has a profound talent for bringing out the idiot in crappy people who work hard to hide their cluelessness. 
the last time the french went into russia bent on conquest, they left as big losers. today, they left russia as the victors. #worldcup2018 
lowkey can’t believe incredibles 2 is out, we really are in the future 
jugging in the projects tryna get rich 
in my life - the beatles 
really? he had 2 goals and 1 assist. nani also had the same amount of goals and assist. so who actually carried portugal? i mean if ronaldo was playing the modric role (playmaker) he should get more credit. but as far as i know he only offers goal. 
damn y’all she loves me that much, she did the same look … 
i won 2 achievements in tom clancy's the division for 144 #trueachievement … 
@ cnn @ markwarner why senator? your flag bearer obama, told putin he'd "have more flexibility" after the election. were those two colluding then? did putin help obama get re-elected and then get something later? no response to ukraine move?? … 
$400 million? but trump is the traitor? you can't make this up. this is better than any movie. … 
i won the you are not a human, are you? achievement in dmc: devil may cry: definitive edition for 15 #trueachievement 
best tweet of the day 
i won the pitch veteran achievement in rocket league for 23 #trueachievement … 
get back on the grind 
most black women nowadays worship beyonce. but you on the other hand worship janet jackson. lol. way to go in a complete opposite direction sis 
just to get out in front of this, get rid of the brackets in the first round of the #hrderby @ mlb 
hi @ twittersupport i am not a . i am just trying to save a show over here and occasionally re tweet some political stuff. starting wonder which one is the problem. please remove my shadow ban. thank you! 
here are the people who plan to run for corpus christi ( @ cityofcc) city council in november via @ callerdotcom 
trump-putin summit: after helsinki, the fallout at home … 
@ cartelmgm where the new tape i thought it was coming out today 
18 u.s. code § 2381 - treason whoever, owing allegiance to the united states, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the united states or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned... 
i won the c3 | taking the scenic route achievement in crash bandicoot n. sane trilogy for 34 #trueachievement … 
i won 9 achievements in lego the incredibles for 138 #trueachievement 
the ending tho.... i mean the song is good but the animation,,,,,,,,, like why why did it have to be like that 
@ rhyshoskins is my pick in the #homerunderby 
i'm at @ cinesystem for the incredibles 2 in disney digital 3d in são leopoldo, rs 
so i'm attempting to channel myself into my content. here is the first go at it. 
summer has come let's enjoy the summer time summer has come feel so high 【love&peace island】 
you, o lady, were filled with grace, so that you might be the way of our salvation and the means of ascent into the heavenly kingdom. st. athanasius 
for real, how the fuck can they adamantly back what he said on monday then just as adamantly back the lying motherfucker when he says the exact opposite on tuesday? morons and hypocrites from the … 
legolas nodded, reaching to caress her cheek before pulling away completely and he mourned the loss as he always did when they weren’t touching. “i know a place, a little ravine, so the horses may drink. i packed apples, carrots and oats for them as well,” he added, patting - 
hey jim...i don't know what game you are playing but #maga movement doesn't need anyone slowing the train down. back off with your crazy tweets about trump and treason! trump is not a traitor! true definition of that word is killary and barry! #dems4gitmo 
these are the best pictures … 
may god give you both the strength you need to come thru this!! . sending hugs from nj! #nochildshouldeverbesick 
the only reason phil hates nintendo and trashes them all the time is because he doesnt get paid to play some of their biggest games on youtube. yup, he's that greedy people. 
speaking as a winner i can say hands down @ smorgsinnit is the best ! and honest . 
trump: “you have groups that are wondering why the fbi never took the server,” “why didn’t they take the server? where is the server, i want to know, and what is the server saying?" "...what is the server saying?" ??? dumb. as. fuck... #trump … 
i don’t even wanna think about the fact i know this person i just wanna find tae 
everytime i watch a yt video i get the same ad for the movie “the meg” with the shark following the dog and im not seeing the movie unless the dog doesnt get hurt 
if somebody told me music would be this different back in the day i wouldnt be able to imagine this shit 
venturing to a deep forgotten temple to slay r'hal'yogth with the boys #justsaturdaythings 
no man's sky is actually good now after all the updates, though. yes, i know sean murray lied his arse off. yes, i know it was terrible at launch. but it's good now. 
(new vegas, obviously) you know what's very fucking satisfying? taking out members of factions i don't like with the silenced sniper rifle in the middle of the fucking casino lobby and having no one notice 
richard 'old man' harrison of 'pawn stars' cuts son, christopher, out of his will: report … the old man never seem to be a happy camper! i don't know why! 
we actually live about 80 milliseconds in the past because that's how long it takes our brains to process information. 
“here sleeps a girl with a head full of magical dreams, a heart full of wonder and hands that will shape the world” … 
well if monroe and the hospital just aren’t ready yet, we’ll go ahead and watch this all star game! #slowmonroe #babyp 
1- imagine a man getting this sentence for these crimes. 2- she’s an immigrant from the ukraine. wonder if she was considered a refugee? … 
tucker: the main reason trump's russia critics hate him … like 
i’m that red bitch with the freckles … 
pearl holds her thoughts and emotions deep inside her, and probably felt that breaking a promise to someone she’d basically been in love with would be the ultimate betrayal of her legacy. the part where you mention that rose/pd was clearly setting up steven to know may... 
what the point of watching an anime if it’s not in its original language 
lenoir keeps referencing accountability yet he ducked and dodged the domestic assault question in the last forum #neighborhoodtalks 
fucking hell people piss me off. "men are evil" "men are scum" "men are horrible" ever think you're with the wrong people? maybe that's why? you fucking brain dead cunt. 
jace long leads after 1st day of @ aprotour tour with a 65. pga veteran tom gillis in the field along with a lot of conditional web guys. scores below … 
sorry to go on about this but like jj spoke about how he didn’t care about the money and how he just wanted to beat logan’s ass and now he wants £6 from probably at least 10,000 watching at home. actually taken the piss. richer fans don’t deserve more so stop acting like it 
(sighs) i should have known the truth would come out sooner or later. the fact is, i really was born on earth... tomorrow. 
and china is now buying soybeans from russia. this web becomes more convoluted by the minute. 
unfortunately, people will miss the point of this thought entirely. don't let it stop you from continuing to develop the idea to action. 
i hope they both get the treatment they require 
this is the cutest thing i've ever seen 
this is a dope message but am i the only one wondering how long it took to make this post, just asking? 
@ benningtonshow watching the great rascals @ stamforddowntwn !! what a 
once again, this life long @ gop texas voter (zip 75204) refuses to vote for @ tedcruz @ johncornyn @ petesessions until they come out against insane stuff like this. and not a wishy washy statement they backtrack 24 hours later when the wh "clarifies". too much of this crap. … 
ash needs #milktoshare in the ottumwa area! … 
and besides i don't fangirl over dumb shit...just stating the obvious some people's children 
thanks to @ ccescavs and coach frost for a great day at 7 on 7. rain hampered the first two days but day 3 was great. look forward to having you guys down for a scrimmage on august 7th. 
texas veterns with 100% disabled status are exempted from paying property taxes, which means lower payments. let me help you with the process. va land board certified. i have the expertise you need. linda moore texas global realty. follow me on facebook, twitter or instagram. 
confession: the whole story of the nutcracker kinda freaks me out. 
« to this is: the boys who pine over a love that never will be. why continuously hurt yourself for the same outcome? what does that accomplish for you? love is frail and fragile and it needs to be nursed. love is broken in a lot of women. so, boys... i need you grow up. 
she's back in the water and $$$exy again! thanks to barons marine for the help (excellent customer service) and shelby for helping me rub some soap on her today... time to burn some diesel… … 
starbucks plus coffee - twice the caffeine - omg - why would you need that. 
@ mtvbananas is the @ realdonaldtrump of the #mtvchallenge #finalreckoning @ challengemtv 
reminder that the city of plymouth uses its budget to put parking tickets in little plastic bags 
the thing is if someone tweets something like: “i dont like katy perrys music” and your initial reaction is to find who they stan and say “yeah well shawn mendes cant even sing!!! gotcha!!!!” what are you twelve ????? djdksksjs 
kenny’s regressive measures are foolhardy at best and shamefully harmful to the children of hard working albertans. we all must do what we can in the coming months @ … 
if you grew up in (and still remain in) evangelicalism, this is a necessary and refreshing read. if you are studying to go into ministry (@ozark students) this is not an issue that will go away and we will keep seeing the consequences. … 
i have spent about $30 on strike force. i'm desperate for a universe focused game and it is filling in that gap despite how pay to win it is with the consumables. 
no. he will be the parade marshall. … 
tom would be on the bench in the dugout 
whoopi goldberg and judge jeanine pirro get into a fight on the view she thought joybehar would be better than ananavarro?? huh? ok... 
fucking avant garde podcasting, my man. it's this kind of innovative take on the podcasting formula that keeps you three at the top. 
it could be too late hoping mueller names names this week and has massive arrests like the untouchables if not america is in for a very bad financial year 
i can’t trust people who put ketchup on the side of their fries rather than directly on them 
i know. feeling ashamed is a constant until you see that their opinions don't mean shit. i'm really the shitest at helping; but i don't like seeing people hurting. you think your mind is dark & clouded but them fckers, the ones that mock you; their darker beyond relief. 
lupe needs to go on nutrisystem and get her brain examined for all the heat she expounds yikes 
we are talking about principalities and powers here...satan below that - all those that fell and worshiped him. they were offered the kingdoms of the world - and they accepted. who had the power to carve up america and the world? clown or clown operation poppy bush maybe? 
nobody but the 30% and you seem to have a problem with the nfl. you do because they would not sell you a team. your just vindictive. 
cyprus: the practical traveler’s guide to the mediterranean’s hidden jewel – cheap and cheerful eats … #cyprus #travel #loukmades 
i’m very lowkey and i never worried about the spotlight or the fame. just respect me and acknowledge me when necessary. 
chain of foolsaretha franklinjewels in the crown: all star duets with the 
it’s an incredible feat. every time i look up and see the moon, i think, someone stood on that thing. freaking nuts. also i would name my kid buzz. aldrin and lightyear.. come on. 
@ laurenwave3tv @ bgoodewave3 the sky over eastwood 
i'm sorry @ jamesgunn lost his spot at @ marvel because @ disney is shitting itself bout a merger. getting a fantastic four movie isn't worth watching micky mouse suck off the potus. 
wow that’s a slap in the face 
welcome to the weirdest family you've ever seen 
omg @ cityofthefeels lola, paige, richard are not on here!!! what’s if it’s a sign!!! i could be freaking out over nothing but still what if someone dies in the season 5 finale … 
thank you. it's always great to hear positive feedback, and we are so proud of you (and we fully support the positive things you are doing for yourself). keep being so strong justin! 
next thing coming for the 32 is seats. i need something to spice the inside up. stay tuned 
i will protect my girls until the end, can't stand nasty and manipulative people that call themselves friends to my girls. 
if you do, don’t use the sauce. meat is good. sides are fine. sauce is trash 
my client: so i matched w my eye doctor on tinder but he charged me $300 my last visit. i can’t date someone who’s gonna put me in the poor house i’m deadddd!!! 
going back to faceit now. i'll play esea for the league. going to test the cancer on faceit for a bit. 
last night my mates and i drove thru a cop stop four times cos it was the first time she had to use her full license and she was so excited. 
if he cut out the bs he would be a so much more effective player. his problems come from his history of others being held accountable instead of neymar. it continues with the brazilian national team. 
what is wrong with everyone’s wifi? i’ve hit 280mbps on my wifi and it’s not even the new setup yet 
the brostream will be going live tonight at 9 p.m. est instead of 8 p.m. thank you! 
all the bullshits made me stronger. 
yes! it's terrible for kids. my asthma returned ten years ago. all the air quality alerts, even on weekends which wasn't a thing. 
i thought he had osteoporosis for the longest time 
gold was in my hands it’s what i get for underestimating people ..gotta perfect the craft and execute . tired of silver 
i need a sweetheart in the streets and a sadist in the sheets 
as the dawn slowly turns to dusk, she awakens with a growing sensation. lightning flashes but never touches the steps she takes. 
hmmm i was thinking of the lyrics from the sharpest lives but i have no clue what the new fic is going to be called ah well... — if you consider what the fic is about, it's pretty easy to figure out lmao but yesssssss i was a... … 
yeah, i'm sure it must be hard to find competent japanese translators and as long as the english translation is fine there should be no big problem. 
they’re changing the game into auskick 
xd haha true. sorry for the late replies. been gaming all day 
he believes this now when millions across the globe have been screamin the exact same thing since election? not to mention this guy has been with trump and dealt with him in alot of shady shit...he didnt think then that trump was unfit to be president? wtf??! 
you know when you come back to a place after awhile and it looks the same, but you know it’s different 
spent the day exploring cartagenia and capturing the local sites and experiences #lifeisgood @cartagena, colombia … 
truth rt @ comedyposts: this is the level of "minding my business" i'm currently on 
omg is it her birthday?! happy birthday to the cute angel !! also, that is such a nice cake i’m jealous ! 
literally the hottest place in the country lol 
heck yeah! and the movement is contagious! 
#breakingnews putin wants to discuss with trump a "referendum" as a solution to the conflict in eastern #ukraine in the next meeting in washington rothschild deep state says "no way" donetsk and luhansk people's republics speak russian #trumpputinsummit my tweet 14 july … 
seafood is the best food 
the heat here is unbearable 
i'm tired of seeing this tweet son. niggas witnessed 5 titles in 10 years and think we care about chris kaman taking a nap vs the cavs. y'all winning the game by 23 in the pic … 
the best has yet to come … 
being 10 months pregnant in the summer is not the deal you don’t want to do that lmao 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist mindstate - how to get back on the horse every time you fall off.. 
how about have the kappa make you a motor boat? it'd make your job fun. #jpzbot 
hydro pump is the best damaging move in the game, it beats both psycho cut and psychic (which are by a higher stat pokémon). if all of hydro pump hit a single pokémon, the total damage is higher than that of psycho cut and psychic, even if the hydro pump pokémon is twice as weak. 
i’m not sure what #sundaynightsarefor but, i’m pretty sure they aren’t for staying up all night worrying about the week ahead! 
where do you think you’re going ————–—————— ? as soon as she said goodbye, only for a few hours this time, to @ ofbioodandguts, she began to pack, packing what clothes she has in a small crate; her shoes, tied together by the laces, are sitting on top. she waits what feels + 
most reliable hadith compilations for the shias: kitab al-kafi, collected by muhammad ibn ya’qub al-kulayni al-razi (329 ah), 16199 ahadith; man la yahduruhu al-faqih, collected by muhammad ibn babawayh, 9044 ahadith 
i created this world for a certain story, and while it could certainly make a good campaign, developing the setting more makes me think of past world events that shaped it to be what it is, and what sort of quests could take place there 
the is likely the only area in my life that i consider myself adept at. i’ve never honked. i’ve never sped. i got one red lighter ticket once for a rolling stop on s right turn, at night. i’ve never run a red. i always let cars in. i wave thanks. i like being nice. 
if you want love, you gon' have to go through the pain. if you want love, you gon' have to learn how to change 
can you smmmmmeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll *continues to roll tongue* what the shorts are cookin … 
well that escalated quickly... and we’re glad it did! tune in to the post-game show with @ trentrushsports to hear from @ kolecalhoun. send in your questions and comments with 
lol ima just patiently wait to someone son come in my life once that happen it’s goin be great for the both of us 
no quiero terminar the fosters 
ah, the plot thickens. 
you are a low life scum mr comey! how corrupt is the fbi? i hope you go to prison! 
aw, i see. that’s always rough. things are going to be ok though. you’re still in the healing process, and just because it’s over, it doesn’t mean you can’t cherish all the good times. 
this would be future items. the flamethrower would go up to 17 meters and do 5-10 damage for every 1 second you are in the "fire path" the wired tnt trap would be like a proximity mine but only can be placed on walls. the player tracker is something that you can throw on your 1/2 
men we need to change the narrative of who they say we are. #regainingidentity 
1. remove all reason to watch the team 2. kill all good will in an already scarred market 3. ???? 4. profit … 
you mean the admiral :) 
am i the only person who is 49 years old that still has to think in her mind “i before e, except after c?”. like on a regular. isn’t that 4th or 5th grade? yeah, i’m that basic. 
kaoru: oh hello sweet girl.... you ran so far and fast just to come see me? ;* rimi: i’m gay kanon: dude you’re turning red are you ok??? are you sick???? kaoru: she must be afflicted with a terrible disease... the disease of love kanon: then call her a fucking ambulance 
please continue with your “russia” theme. it will elect more republicans than you can count!! 1% of america gives a darn. we’re tired of you crying wolf for the last 2 years... really.. but.. if that is all you got.. then i can see you beating that dead horse...over and over 
i check twitter every night at 7pm to watch the protest videos. supporting you from chicago! thanks! 
the one that everyone was in hoh room.! 
i want to go to the county fair 
that was not the quote i was expecting. … 
well i was gonna wait to post all the looks i’ve done so far till the summer ended but i just couldn’t wait @san marcos, texas … 
interesting listen. i think the dudes on the podcast are way underestimating how far left the rank & file @ demsocialists … 
when you find someone needier than yourself- monday winning. also- the horse in the background successfully hacked up what was in his throat, so he’s ok now. #myhappy … 
my sister just fell asleep mid sentence... what the actual fuck 
newsflash that's acceptable everywhere even in bumfuk cogshitestan if you have a knife and you threaten people you get fucked up this is the status quo it has been for thousands of years and will be for thousands more 
#dwamn! vapemail! i ordered 3 bottles and they sent me 5 ^_^ that was hella cool of 'em! . . check out the sponsor! @ ejuicedeals . use promo code "nokkie10" at and receive… … 
i will put out a link once i finalize the deets (aiming for a saturday afternoon in @ downtown_london with easy access & pastry) 
furthermore evidence that trump absolutely represents the gop. … 
putin's ego cant handle the protest that would await him plus he's just a handler trolling his subject to let him know who says when and where.... 
i need to watch the search for spock again very soon 
it’s so upsetting when you do something for someone out of the kindness of your heart and it’s so unappreciated and goes without even a simple thank you 
they have tons of free stuff shipped to the house for advertising, figured they ship out to the graphic side to show some love. but i have 4 or 5 pieces and highly recommend it. 
tell you what chap, i'll put my soul on the line. i'll go to church when 1) philly teachers make as much in overtime as philly police. 2) public school teacher certs. are subsidized the same way @ ppdrecruittrng is free & w/ paid training. let's pray for divine intervention. 
yes they are the best kind 
everyone has problems...you deal with them this way??? ....now you face the consequences..... don't expect someone to shed tears..you're an adult learn to deal with life in a better way than … @ ddlovato 
so true! see all the main vocalist of all 3 companies sounds almost the same 
secret country . . “take me back to this world take me to the line take me out of this world drown with me tonight there's water on the concrete rivulets on your face and you release me… … 
angel of the morning by joya landis … 
the poet elizabeth garber has written a memoir, implosion ( @ shewritespress), about being raised in a modernist glass house by a brutally abusive father. i spoke with her about it for #lifestories. 
i am sorry...hope she able to have the surgery she needs. 
oz nods. “i’ll take your word for it.” he thinks for a second. “are we doing the live band karaoke thing again this year?” 
id probably be good at treating ppl out but im on the internet 
also the beef with malfurion makes me think this somehow links back to the emerald nightmare raid in some manner, because of what did, or didn't, happen there. 
მომეწონა @ youtube ვიდეო the zipper | უბრალოდ ზიპერას 
they do a fronteirland howedown twice a day in the magic kingdom with several rare characters and dancers. one of the best entertainment offerings in the park! 
hahaha i just have the flights locked down and confirmed and i was going nuts. i can only imagine round 2 ---sleeping arrangements. . where are you traveling to?! 
one of the film’s producers, tomoyuki tanaka, remarked “the theme of the film, from the beginning, was the terror of the bomb. mankind had created the bomb, and now nature was going to take revenge on mankind.” 2/2 #bcm320 
during trevor linden's 4 seasons as #canucks president of hockey operations, vancouver had a .485 win percentage, 27th in the nhl. 
@ zacvierra17 are you on the sticks today?!? … 
not quite. you’ve got a ways to go, professor. oh. and there is the supreme court. good luck there. 
look at the requests and time tables...theyre trying to fire him to obstruct, its so obvious everybody can see it. 
swing by the rac anytime! 
8 years after, still the same sentiments. 
grateful for the support for this policy for our team. @ mowomenlawyers @ … 
she grows dumber by the day. love it!! 
no need to knock anybody. i'm simply stating the oa's doing an excellent job as a sports department but i'll opine there's a reason why the oa is hiring, and others are making cuts- quality of product. interesting, compelling journalism has nothing to do with corporate america. 
why not fall? it’s not snowy, and leaves are pretty. and it’s not hot or cold it’s the perfect weather 
this is very odd timing in my opinion. i expect we will hear more in the next couple days. it’s a shame one of the greatest canucks ever had to go out like this. it is for the best of the franchise to move on from him, we need someone with more experience. hopefully we get it 
with regards to getting the products without asking someone lol 
i’ll never forget the day @ briannahast17 told me that cats have spiky penises 
yet another reminder: if you don't panic and settle but fight back against #copyright extortion instead, at very minimum you'll get a walk-away. why spend money when there are plenty of low-hanging fruit around the corner? 
we're so happy to have you back, and getting to see more of you, the side we haven't gotten to see of you. love you sm alisha 
ok so obv what happened to demi is awful & we hope she’s okay but other celebrities have overdosed as well & they get either ignored or bombarded with blame. demi is responsible for her decision as well as all the others, but we should support victims of drug abuse & not nitpick 
what a shit show. even if it somehow passed the house, it won't pass the senate. just a giant distraction and frankly makes the republicans look like they can't keep their house in order (once again) 
i bet @ ren_daxt would nominate cole gardner to be on the mural. i could see your points. marketing this year has been interesting for sure. 
kentucky state house: change the animal cruelty laws in kentucky - sign the petition! via @ ukchange 
in fairness to me, i’m a despicable pervert inside or outside of the house. 
“but you're more than only the composition and the workings of your bodies. you are your personalities, your cultures.” octavia e. butler 
they did. that’s why karachi is straight up better. because the residents took a stand for principles unlike the lahoris who’d sell their souls for orange line. 
please name 1 top qb in his late 30s past his prime from the last 10 years. 
uber drivers ringing you is the most dumb shit that is certified to complicate the already accurately decided plan. this uber driver seems pissed off he tried to call me three times, despite me simply being exactly where we arranged to, and have met. just drive the machine. 
okay but have you ever done the opposite of what the podcast tells you? podcast: don't take note of the numbers or analyze them or you will die in this specific manner. me: hmmmm... *grabs pen and paper* i wonder... 
hey @ cornbeltenergy -- any knowledge about a current power outage in north normal? in/around the ironwood gardens apartment comlex? 
i won the appetite for risk achievement in dungeon rushers for 15 #trueachievement 
so i finally watched the paul mccartney carpool karaoke and oh my god... like imagine being in that bar and getting a free intimate up close concert from him like i would cry 
0 new followers and 0 unfollowers in the last day. 
jockeys are hardly owners “customers” more like their inherited employees, acquired by trainer. that mentality is what’s giving them too much of a voice to begin with. they work for us i.e. r freedman and the owners. not the other way around. 
or the late, great tony benn? not interested in true facts, clare? 
the american dream, dusty rhodes. #dustyrhodes #halloffame #wwelegend #americandream … 
this period of pachelbels life is the least documented one, so it is 
anyone looking to make some trades to complete the allen and ginter insert sets and base set w/sps?? i am going to list what i need to finish mine and also the tons of dupes! i know the #hobbyfam will show the #hobbylove ~ should have the list posted either tonight or tkmorrow 
i won the following in father's footsteps achievement in rise of the tomb raider for 10 #trueachievement … 
could you possibly be a little more specific, these people have multiple works, and large ones at that. i’ve heard the term postmodern neomarxist used by peterson quite frequently, but never regarding the same ballpark twice 
virtue -the voidz 
it’s 2 am and i’m lying in my bed sobbing because this is so beautiful, inspirational and powerful that it hits me like it’s the first time i ever see this via @ youtube 
this is what the line at the guidance office going to look like when everyone see how fucked up there schedule is. 
i need you all to hold your applause, silence your cell phones, shut your mouths and listen to the new @ wellsmania podcast! #wellsmania … 
btw this is prob a highlight from 2015, 2 from 2016, the rest are 2014 
the latest: judge commends, criticizes family reunifications 
wow u people suck, totally abandon the game and make us pay $40 for a game that was promised not to be an incomplete shit and to this point it still has problems with host migration. and now u people still don’t have the balls to at least give us savini jason. 
who in the hell is playing nba live 2019 … 
i won 6 achievements in the council for 279 #trueachievement 
a super successful day at the @ bt21_ shop in hollywood !! i got @ taegijm a tata, @igbtchim a shooky, and me a mang !!! i can’t wait to go back with alec next week !! i had so much fun today and even made a couple friends 
graded on the year: let radulov and markov walk away. didn't fill the cap space. didn't find a top-line center. didn't fix the defensive holes.... had a good draft (one hopes). and domi my be a character guy, but he's not an upgrade over galchenyuk. 
the team had multiple issues last season, but dak has become the easy target for all the blame. 
i know the rules change but not sure i see interference on this play. can someone please explain it better? 
you have long legs but he gets the feet from chago 
i want somebody i can send all my funny selfies to and have the love reciprocated 
like no more taking sides any more i'm completely neutral. except with the paul's. fuck the paul's :) 
#rigged but all jokes aside you did great joop and those bard streams were some of the most fun i've ever had in a livestream 
what happened to the second bed mv 
then the big one dies and the cycle starts all over again with the little one! science, mate. 
@ mediumthomas oh sp thomas your doing this show in new york ??? really cause they show alot of palm tree's at the entro of your awesome show ,i have to tell you it's a big hit we all love you your a nice man and we can feel ya threw the tv !!! 
when esca won 2 x 10.000 $ for most kills and longest average time survived in the tpp rounds. can’t wait to see more from this guy. he’s an absolute beast! 
martial is a selfish prick, been selfish when rashford starts to shine, then zlatan came and he thought he was the main man, but then everyone raised their game and he couldn’t get shine he gotten from the liverpool games. not all about dribbling 
coworker was unauthorized to use the forklift and he tried to load in a no loading zone, this is the result 
hows this faka?! to our chicago indigenous allies here is the owner of the chicago business that has aggressively threatened kanaka maoli families with legal action for the use of the word "aloha" on fb or... … 
i can’t wear hoops longer than 3hrs. my rings just be disappearing. can’t find my pandora bracelet have the time & my apple watch stays dead 
i won 6 achievements in marvel's guardians of the galaxy: the telltale series for 211 #trueachievement 
i have no idea, probably the girlfriend of the guy who was throwing up in the bathroom for two innings 
*first thing you drew were the eyes* wut? 
sending good energy into the west wind for you.. 
yeah man, halo was one of the main fps games i grew up with. it's amazing how well the games hold up. but yeah, some videos do take a long time to make but the payoff is often worth it. 
do you seriously think abbott can come back? he does not have the support in the electorate or the party. any attempt would be a disaster, and install labor for 2-3 terms. #auspol 
i thought you were addressing the tweet i commented but i apologize , having a seat 
and i think he is still riding the obama train! … 
what, through binoculars? put the theory into practice at cheshunt where you will actually see something happenimg in real time 
yep another virtue signal, in reality they can just scream they do t want my money. that’s cool, i will never have the desire to give it to them. 
is it sad that i actually believed the title for a split second? 
fun fact: steinbrenner kept the rays out of tampa and opened the yanks spring training center right next to the football field. to this day the rays are still trying to get into tampa proper 
every rt = 1 dollar every tweet with the ht = 1 dollar it's very simple! #loveloud 
the trump administrationâ struggled to meet a court-imposed deadlineâ thursday for reunitingâ immigrant children and their parents. nearly 2,600 children ages 5 years and older were separated at the u.s.-mexico border. 
not the actions of an innocent man. mueller is making note of every obstruction of justice and witness tampering tweet. 
sounds like my wife when i ask where she wants to eat. she responds, anywhere you want. the next three restaurants i mention she says to each, no, not there. 
lmao i’ll let you choose the place since i’m slapping you . … 
i wish kat was here so she could go to the grill from ipanema with me :( 
20:00:00 |temp: 77.1ºf | heat index: 77.1ºf | dew point: 66.1ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the ese, gusting to 2.0 
mission accomplished by the grace of god. 3 days of intensive work resetting default modes, overcoming inert fear of writing on cakes, acquiring enough confidence, to bring about… … 
oranges are really cheap right now, and we’ve got a few in the apartment as well. i think i’ll take a stab at making oleo saccharum after today’s class. 
pls excuse my wet hair and lack of makeup but the sunset was v pretty today and made me smile for the first time in a while 
applied to 6+ jobs in the past week pray for me ya’ll 
a black conservative woman tweeted that hispanic immigration will lead to the extinction of black people. 
it is a brilliant idea, one that has been long needed in any screen reader offering external configuration extentions... i suspect there will be hickups along the way, but we are behind your efforts all the way. 
your inner slumlord just won’t stop oozing out, will it? everything about you is unbecoming to the office you hold. 
i can't even begin to count the things we've lost - the admiration of other countries, our ecological protections, ethics, honesty, voting that is not interfered with, civil rights, a free press, free trade, net neutrality. and that's just to name a few... 
if i was doing dairy and gluten.... give me the sandwich 
some daft welshy turned up at the door tonight good excuse for the swagman in sligo 
the avengers: age of ultron … 
the obanas are not sainted creatures where criticism of them is considered blasphemous. well it's blasphemous to criticize flotus michelle. 
some of the few people who aren't lying when they put their initials on an arcade high score board. 
the best mother’s day full version by lady fyre … 
my buddy @ filtch3 works at gapb and over heard walt jock-itchity saying @ reds arent making a trade because were the best last place teamnin baseball. instead going to start implementing some new sabermet-tricks 
separation of powers!?!? you mean him wanting to eliminate separation of church and state? you would love that wouldn’t you, christian sharia law? looks like the #trumpterrorists are coming from the right and ripping up the constitution on the way #traitortrump #republicuck 
nye on the hill 2018 is here! first act announced this thursday 
sorry to bother you is the most shookening movie i’ve seen all year! don’t read any log lines, spoilers, or reviews before seeing it. just go in with no expectations of what you’re getting yourself into! 
trump says he hires the best people, until they turn against him, then he calls them terrible liars. his definition of best is doing what he says and letting him get away with anything. that's also all he means when he calls america the best. #trump #trumptapes #michaelcohen 
he called dunkirk the feel good movie of the summer sjdkdk 
love this! where do these people think that just because they were too lazy to get a higher education to earn money to support himself, he feels it is right for the poor to take and occupy your belongings... incredible … 
more great video of the concerts this past weekend at @ canalshores. @ evanstonspace - let's plan more of events in the future for sure! #outofspace… … 
look at me predicting the future. lmao #tkallday 
wikileaks = russia julian assange is a mercenary agent of the kremlin trump should be very scared 
working #inthestudio today day on this. the second version is heading in the right direction #inspirationeverywhere #capecod … 
if mueller ends the supposed russian collusion with a not guilty 4 potus, then the following should occur: fake dossier, paid 4 by hillary clinton & dnc, then all monies expended should b repaid by hrc & dnc to the federal gov’t. it’s our money being spent on a false claim. 
on the plus side, i ate like one and a half bags of goldfish crackers today. 
agreed. i’d much prefer a dull axe and a partially blind headsman for the lot of them. 
it's sad to feel like i'm bleating, "can't we all just get along?" but kristol &c. really don't seem to have their minds right. who the hell supports voting for satan's handmaiden? seriously? 
great catch, but he eyed down his receiver the whole way...step it up russ. shaq you keep doing you! … 
if the client tells you not to go on tv and talk about your case, you don't go on tv and talk about the case. so either the white house is ok with it or rudy is violating ethics rules and also would be fired for doing something his client told him not to do. 
who shall be on the receiving end of my fury today 
jinki bare faced just gives me the hugest urge to hug him 
i'm sure it was the purpose, but i read that in tfs popo's voice lol 
but i see your point. maybe they're planning on saving wily for a big reveal at the end like most of the games did. 
@ ikeausahelp can i buy a lillången door by itself? i got the tall mirror cabinet for bathroom because it wasn’t as deep as others, but the mirror doesn’t come off the door. 
@ hhsgov com jonathan white should have resigned rather than commit atrocities that @ realdonaldtrump ordered. just bc he told trump so doesn't protect him from the inhumane treatment that happened on his watch. white is just as guilty as the germans who abused jews and were hung … 
carson rowing backwards is the one accurate part of this painting. 
why is my aim so much worse with the pro controller? 
i don't think building more homes is the answer. i think we should instead be protecting our green space and creating more council accommodation. 
god this is bringing back memories. hated doing relays in gym class. that was pretty much the only time i was glad for my period because i got an "excused from gym class" note from the nurse lol 
can the yogurt lid still have yogurt on it? we’ll take back the gushers. 
announcement the winner of the scenic city futures showcase tournament will join matt lynch, ac mack and cam carter in this years scenic city scramble later in the day at night 2 of the 2018 scenic city invitational! 
if i gotta come back to the heat i am buying ice cream 
sop for leftists. they seek to consolidate power and use corruption to eliminate the possibility they will lose it. hillary would have been able to complete the process. there’s a direct line from obama, holder, rice, lerner, and clinton to fbi scandals … 
yeah that's what i'm gathering & why anyone wouldn't want to keep guns out of dangerous ppl's hands w/ safer gun laws is beyond me. for f'k's sake, no one wants to take ur precious guns away...if u aren't crazy/dangerous & didn't do anything wrong. what's the f'n problem w/ that? 
even if she has a new home we’re fucking taking her back she went missing 2 weeks before i left the country i want my baby back 
***we’re keeping you in the know and informed*** be sure to check out this video to stay up to date on all of the information about fay-one’s gotcha back and cut my city happening saturday,... … 
the 3rd guy from the right looks an awful lot like sugar ray leonard? 
i was watching the news and they said “3d printed guns - coming to a plane or movie theater near you” 
the most interesting trade this deadline was when the jays traded a good closer suspended for steroids to the astros for a closer who is the worst in baseball. 
@ realdonaldtrump there are countless videos of you contradicting yourself but you still wanna run yo dumb ass mouth. stfu. thats an acronym that means. shut.....the.......fuck......up. do the world a fucking favor for once. 
the countdown is on... only a couple days left to self-apply or nominate an amazing woman for a 2018 leading light award. hurry before you miss the 8/3/18 deadline! … #womeninstem 
the responsibilities that comes it... we'll ruin the world 
… tambuwal has made the biggest mistake of his life.....wamako 
yay! though minor display weirdness in the footer: (firefox dev edition 62.0b11) 
my brother's new girlfriend told me that i'm really beautiful. it's his 4th girlfriend and the 1st one to tell me this. she's a keeper 
how did calvo end up on the field tho? 
20 somethings | dealing with being the awkward ages: via @ youtube 
i just emailed president trump at white house! i was asking for recommend candidates in the upcoming election for the state of idaho! this is my return email! i hope i can get a more detailed response to my question other than a generic response!? @ 
our time is up! #godsprayerroom thank you so much for joining @ michael1holford and i as we intercede for #antigua/barbuda until next week, may the word of christ richly dwell in you. amen. @ momisnowtweetin 
especially when they cancel the plans first so you don’t feel bad lol … 
i should be storing up sleep for the coming school year, but instead i stay up watching #johnoliver and shit. this segment on #transgenderrights is very close to my heart and is 
honestly, having read the article, i struggle to understand why the behavior by cuomo it describes is even a big deal. and i hate the guy and pay close attention to elections. this one just seems like a nothingburger 
update: it is golden hour, and he is luring the geese out of the shadows with popcorn and planning to shoot 120fps raw of the geese. very excited to have this footage. 
yes, but the plaids match, so there’s that. 
the moon 
all thanks, honor, and glory unto the lord for letting me reach august of 2018!!!! not by my power or might that i made it this far but by his grace 
hard-hitting nature valley ad shows the terrifying side of kids addicted to technology … 
youngblood say you want me say you want me out of your life and i'm just a dead man walking tonight but you need it yeah you need it all of the time 
the bullpen has been "killed" because boone!! 
the lemon twigs - i wanna prove to you via @ youtube 
and that's the way it should be 
but the other day you said i was worse than audial? 
save the date thursday 24 jan @11am @ tcmf_official 2019 only show! very excited to announce i’ll be holding my very own full band show at tamworth country music festival 2019!… … 
"we'll see if he can get to an mvp level, he's just not there yet this season." on @ javy23baez --local sports station. haha. baseball, man. "i like rizzo better because he's hit 3 home runs in the last 6 games." haha. baseball, man. you're stuck in 2001. haha. baseball, man. 
next month aapl to announce new iphone....the renewal cycle is every 2 or 3 yrs....it will keep the vol going....and they have a few thousand staff working on self driving car software and ev.... 
great britain is an island. the u.k. is a sovereign state. that’s fine that’s fine you’re just the president … 
everyone knows to not use the '.0' release; i'll be waiting 'til web 2.3. #facebook 
dad and i are both at two different airports at the same time and we’re both having the flight time but different destination. 
my cat just showed up at the back door after being missing for 24 hours. probably had to use the litter box. 
i liked a @ youtube video eo reveals the secret original version of 'german' 
omg yes!!! these were the best days of my life. i miss it so much! 
the game is expected to resume at 8:10 p.m. et. 
adorable! tell the babies hi! they know where they got it made, makes me want to turn into a cat and meow on your deck! lol 
one of the bakeries you can eat at by winning first prize is glazed and confused bakery. swing by and see what tasty treats you can get by entering our raffle: … … 
tomorrow we will need to ride 200 miles before 8 am...dawn patrol stpaul - spirit lake iowa #rikisride18 to the @ indianmotocycle dealership at lake okaboji 
everything i got on is soaking wet like i jumped in the pool... great work out 
i wish you all the best natalie! it's really great that you have been able to learn training techniques of others. making the best of it. … 
michael jackson - man in the mirror (grammy awards 1988) via @ youtube 
@ naomiaklein one of the (very) few voices in today's society who brings hope + solutions for a future i believe in. read, share, act, act some more … capitalism killed our climate momentum, not “human nature” by @ naomiaklein 
dr michael #parenti "the culture struggle" via @ youtube 
cool, it's funny that ramos seemed like the underdog at the beginning of cliffhanger, and he ended up producing the most content by far. 
man @ fitchest you must be loving this game. not even out of the 1st yet! 
white kids droppin the n-bomb is so beyond uncool! someone drop this kid in east oakland ,south san francisco,st louis or any mayor city and show them this video. racist scum bag! … 
is water wet? is the sky blue? are @ dallascowboys fans … 
we caught @ _trevorc stopping by the #rtgames booth to play chapter 4 of #batim! thanks t! ^-^ #trevorandtheinkmachine @ 
it just so happens to fall on the greatest day, my birthday! lmao 
@ therock - hi dwayne, i just thought i would let you know that we cancelled the "glow bowling" that we invited you to in fort saskatchewan, alberta. i hope does not wreck your weekend plans ;-) 
if you’re looking for online retailers,i think the container store has the largest selection,but they can be pricey. 
“grab em by the p***y”. donald j. trump. please don’t play “who’s a bigger predator” with me. it’s an embarrassingly easy game. 
@ lindaleeking ᗩ ᑭeoᑭᒪeᔕ ᑌᑎitiᑎg ᑎeᗯ yeᗩᖇ 。。。 。 。。 。＼｜／。 。／｜＼。 。。 。。 。 。 ⓛet us change the pardigm for the people 
hi guys we're in some gross traffic so im not at the venue yet! when i get there i'll let you know where i am! thank you for your patience! 
the tl is down with those "founding father" cats 
in case you think the @ nytimes didn't hire a … 
ladies and gentlemen of #resist, meet john abarr, goper turned "dem" as a cover for his white supremacy. abarr is a recruiter for the montana kkk that wants to unite right wing "dems" and gopers, and is disavowed by the montana democratic party. beware! … 
three different groups of people at my work made plans to meet up at the same bar in atl. film people are so predictable. 
sis we’re cancelled and thats the tea! 
i wonder how suleiman’s hate speech against gays and his calls for gender segregation would play with the @ womensmarch audience? …. well, they were ok with the same from #blackdavidduke. so i guess following linda is more important than any other principles. 
here's why experts worry about the popularity of qanon's conspiracy theory - time … 
oh right that's the real reason i keep them 
canadian don't like the idea refugees from #america, yes america of all places, are pouring into #canada and we will house them in college dorms and now, hotels with all the trimmings. crazy, just plain nuts ! 
there is no job in the private sector that would pay someone $275,000 to travel the world while doing little to no work at all. it’s so awesome and i’m so fortunate to have landed such a job in government. my smarts and work ethic have paid off. set your goals high! 
the reason i’ve been feeling like this whole week has been diagnosed: stress induced anxiety 
saw fallen kingdom tonight. man, i saw the original two weeks ago and i’m still riding that high. this is in no way that film, more like a lost world. this film asks one question and gives two answers. which is right? i don’t know. good though. 7-8.5/10 
vote blue vote blue vote blue vote blue vote blue vote blue vote blue vote blue vote blue vote blue do not stay at home. healthcare/medicare/social security/pension (people who pay into the system) education/environment/ justice system. think vote blue please 
i support mr. lebron. he did what we all supported. the right to express & freedom of speech. mr. trump & those who have forgotten. our men & women fought for freedom. it might not be our practice but it is his right. he did good. 
unexpectable a written ask and a response knowing the bush did it i don't kino i fight fiercly;. 
students and their families are invited to enjoy a meal—for only $6!—on august 15, 16 and 17 at champions kitchen in the gatton student center or the fresh food company at the 90. student meal plans start on friday, august 17. 
whwts the plan for tonight 
today meditate on: acts 2:46, niv - praise the name of the lord,jesus christ. amen. 
is san francisco one of the tour dates? 
they don't have too fox also have competitors in netflix etc getting extra subscribers helps them. its why channel 9 want games in smaller venues. it comes across better for the home viewer. the clubs, nrl and tv broadcasters need to be working together. i will leave it at that 
remember, if you're the champ, talk shit and don't get hit by being tough shit. just because people attempt at covering something doesn't mean you can't do it better. and while that puts higher expectations on you, use that pressure to make sure you live up to that expectation. 
winning: when you go to checkout & the worker has to get someone else to check you out. 
if the battery would a been in,they would have impounded it. 
@ talklatch we beat tunisia in the 98 world cup 2 nil. 
you forgot about the ballot stuffing. 
me thursday night at like 4:30am when i had to get up at 6: please for the love of god i just want to go to sleep my brain: 
@ sebastianbach i’m hoping to meet you in october while you’re in tulsa ok! i want a chance to talk to you since the last time was sooo long ago(1989?) in little rock ar. & i was so star struck i couldn’t speak . fingers crossed. i’ll probably cry again. 
@ treyarch why is the starting game so long 
doubt truly is the worst thing to play out on your mind 
i don't see any issue what's the problem? 
am i the only one who prefers my lazy finger with my pinky instead of with my middle finger on 4-finger paws? 
the karstedt family is adding another player to our roster come february 2019. we are so excited to have our bases loaded. @eden, new york … 
so i finished andromeda and uhhh, i was sitting like this through the whole ending sequence (and through jaal romance scenes, jfc that was cringy as hell). game certainly has some good sides, but it's not wholesome and glitches oh shitload of glitches. 
checked in on the standings, phillies having a game & half is nice but what really caught my eye was orioles being 44 games out of first 
piss poor lawyering is the issue for trump. which is good for america. 
so if christians followed the tenets of the bible, all would be cool, right? 
totally agree - we all know the average park guest is less than friendly 
anna’s new outfit looks great but i don’t care about her or lei. i care a lot about one of those 3 unannounced characters being jun though. the chosen one is back on the cards. 
i owe myself the love i freely give to others 
pledis managers in fansigns are the best. they know how to please the fans too 
like if some guy on he street told me i’m ugly and then i walk into a bank and a bank robber tells me the same thing i’m no more offended the second time other than maybe for it being the second time lol. why is it different? 
y’all probably think having thicc hair is great, right ? wrong. i’ve had to buy 5 combs in the past month due to me breaking them. 
your approvals are horrendous; far less than they were for obama at this point in his presidency, and he was busy trying to make sure there was no depression, since the gop left him with an economy in mid-crash. … 
when i was 5 roger waters scared the shit out of me why? i still don’t know 
some guy painting the car offered me this it’s like close to two bags 
i’ve never seen the kids in this wash dishes but i’ve heard they do. i left puah there and she’s says she washes them once 
your constant criticism of democrats is old and tiring. i can assure you, without the support of the democratic base and independents like me, you will never be president. #imaveteran 
in retrospect, a lot of the same people saying that government needs to do unpopular things to deal with our financial situation, are the same people who find the power rates going up unacceptable. it's like people only want others hurt by unpopular politics. 
they were simply amazing. i had the honor of working with dave s. 
i thank god i have been a ham or amateur radio operater since 1966 cal sign w4mte, the phony news or fake news cant block world wide news i have seen this u.s.a news media lying for years and years. 
i have eczema too and its terrible. i know the pain. my doctor told me to pour a cap full of bleach in my bath and it helps dry it out and get rid of it. i know it may sound crazy but it works! its just like if you were to get in a pool. 
i need to slander the other afc south teams more 
if #trump is the king of hypocrisy, then pence is the queen..... #hypocrisy #gop … 
why is the tokidoki overwatch stuff so expensive 
the good thing is that for me bug bites dont last longer than a day the bad thing is that i still get fucking bit by a goddamn bug 
@ seanhannity here is a blast from the past for you. … 
a kick to the balls can't hurt a guy that much — if i kicked you in the vag i'm pretty sure you would be on your period for a month … 
new to the #spnbday2018 community ? hello and welcome ! tonight’s debate is : in which ways can the sam and cas girls support the devastated dean girls, mourning the temporary loss of their hero. all suggestions are welcome 
always nice seeing the reaction to when i give out a gift sub #mfam @ 
if the media’s taking credit for pressuring facebook to remove pages, here’s a suggestion … 
"do not be so demanding jinxx." ashley huffed and then dropped the blanket onto his bandmates face. ashley knew that jinxx still hated the fact that he drank. "i know the rest of you guys still look at me and judge me for being reckless and a child." 
bc art guild’s new artists’ reception was held on july 19 at bch. people’s choice awards were given to: - 1st place – colorful garden by: donavan lockett, photo on canvas - 2nd place – cabin in the snow by: amer khwaja, photography - 3rd place – train time by: parker, giclee 
i get so embarrassed playing candy crush in public like i immediately close the app when someone comes near me lol 
so many damn songs come out each year, you forget about so many from the past, some the still play, but my era was mid 2000’s-2014. so mostly before i graduated high school in 2015 haha 
the white man next to me smell like sweat and ass 
okay so episode 10 and 11 of katsugeki were the highlights.... episode 12 is just... grandiose garbage 
one of the nicest places i've ever been... 
#teasertuesday #comingsoon the hero's journey home, an anthology by @ fionatulle, @ authorekaysims, @ tifffanilynn74, @ taralamesauthor, @ cdbradley5 & @ btuarmy ~ releasing august 24 ~ proceeds benefit @ vetsports 
drinking the real peel grapefruit ipa by @ ferniebrewingco @hojas cabin 
any review that starts with ‘a departure from the books i usually read’ makes me nervous. but when it unfolds into the wonderful endorsement of #thehonourablethief via amanda @ mrsbbookreviews, it just about makes my day. thank you amanda . @ macmillanaus 
you state very confidently that above a zlb you can not have a jg and balanced fiscal spending looking five years ahead. you haven't argued why this is the case or tried to prove it. you've just started it and angrily declared everyone should agree. 
i just earned the 'lagunitas cherry jane sour ale' badge on @ untappd! #lagunitas #cherryjane #onehitter 
enter to win the arthur: d.w. and the beastly birthday children's dvd from @ arthurpbs on #twoclassychics blog ends 8-22 #giveaway … 
we could talk about their favorite show and their most and least favorite episodes and what they're watching at the moment. tv!!!! 
my heart is beating so fast and the episode hasn't even started, gosh #the100 
nico, 1988 makes the case for the slice-of-life music biopic: … via @ slate 
i thought you were talking about physical confrontation. stop talking bs, casemiro had an ok season. how many rm games have you watched? he was both unstoppable and out of form, meanwhile vidal was on the bench or injured. implying case isn't a top cdm is beyond logic. 
this is history in the making my friend. 
well, it's over. the leftist media and their democrat pals won. they can be biased, they can block people, they can shut anyone up they want. nobody cares. even @ howardkurtz does not care. it's over folks. 
the gentleman stopped. he tried to go around them. they beat him up. then a punk ass came back to kick him while he was down. #helterskelter is … 
just when i think my heart cannot break any further, i realize it is now splitting at the atomic level #resist and call congress 
four in a row vs the “lowly” rays! ;-) 
prime minister malcolm turnbull on international students: "they are a vital thread in the fabric of australia society, the most successful multicultural society in the world" … 
what’s your biggest fear? “my past will catch up to me.” “disappointing my parents.” “my own self indulgence.” “my children dying.” “public speaking.” “dying alone.” “abandonment.” me: bug crawling up my butt in the middle of the night. bug crawling up my butt in the daytime. 
can relate to this. in mexico you can get next to zero home automation products. you have to buy everything from the us which makes the technology really expensive 
i was upclose at the stage at the end of the parade. my eyes burned over that jacket, the weather & the #stanleycup champagne. #foreverablackhawk 
where's the comparing here? 
@ kiyanghahreman welcome back i assure you the people tryna come for you are just jealous that you're that bitch. stay slaying our asses 
interestingly @ jcasatodd, we had prepped your poster for “a class social media account”. that was given as a handout today. lol. i love the pledge sheet. i see it as inspiration for a bulletin board! #tvdsbllc @ mountsfieldlc @ dawntelfer @ kariharding9 @ emilycarrlc … 
usually the case … 
i love the way it feels, it's got me stuck between my fantasy and what is real. 
housing demand fell 9.6% in june, marking the biggest decline since april 2016. how will this affect rates and your ability to get a house? learn about the state of rates and more with this report: 
cape – 215 hathaway road acushnet, ma 02743 is now new to the market! 
mrř'hŕ'a̭wr, crew! ensign murakami reporting for duty. lurch, androids, and duplicate kirks. i'll set the replicators to double-strrength liquor orders. #allstartrek 
the world is going to blow when they find out that the superman theory was concocted by bruce. 
my auntie pics up a random phone and takes a hundred random pics of the family 
the only new categories i'll accept: most money made minus the 3d/imax boost, best toy tie-in, best designed red carpet premiere. you listening @ theacademy? 
*lies naked on the floor* 
when u get the tix and realize i haven't studied for ass 
… i'll save you the click on this crappy crappy #clickbait article the "journalist" gives 1. no sources 2. no proof i. e an opinion based article by an #mcu fanboy. #jamesgunn 
20:00:00 |temp: 85.1ºf | heat index: 92.9ºf | dew point: 74.2ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the s, gusting to 0.0 
…, especially since the bill never mentions the wall or a barrier? doing the math, and assuming (foolishly) that $1 billion each year will be allocated for trump's wall, it will take 25 years to complete! 
love the save the date card djtsidworks thanks for allowing to be apart of the process of making them and being a groomsman. cheers! … 
please find some help and get away from the toxicity 
this guy's network statement is an extended salute to himself. he's important & did a lot of good so it's okay he broke the law. is that it? talk about entitled. 
you can see that & unfortunately that’s the fact about american law (which only few know about) & they can indict a ham sandwich (its true) just need one liar under rico law & just hearsay. these laws r used against a selective few ) mueller is a puppet 
carlos rodon, juan soto, jose abreu, lucas giolito (a bit), all of the rockies starting pitchers, trevor bauer, lourdes guriell 
i will literally die if i ever see the weeknd 
for me it’s a beach bar or on a boat underneath the stars #reality #getaway 
the beat: $500 visa prepaid gift card sweepstakes: 
i see what pov you have... and i don't say we should lower our guard... but still for me, as a german, the onhding hypersensitivity is sometimes a lil bit...annoying... growing up in germany means get penetrated with our history... we are weary! when will there be faith in us? 
(the motto).... luvofmoney!!! #rap #djs #music #cleveland phrathouse muzic … 
that’s so dumb? why even have fundraisers if you’re not gonna allow the kids to do them? 
you err on the side of "we could not find evidence of wrong-doing, however, know that such behavior will not be tolerated. we will be hypervigilant to ensure that our players are held to the highest standard." that's not a cover-up. 
now, i don't normally do this, but i am having coffee on the train in one of those paper cups. this is because i was running a few minutes early and a new coffee shop, which i wanted to try, has opened next to ashfield station. 
let's use our breathing and journaling before we get out the vise telly. 
"one day, lacy conducted an experiment: after an idea she really believed in fell flat during a meeting, she asked a male colleague to present the same idea to the same group of people days later." i'll let you guess what happened. … 
illegal non citizens should not be able to vote. people need to be citizens and need to be brought up as americans not as the cou try you came from. you left that country. america is now first 
i always forget and open twitter all the time at work 
besides the bento, she added mint bubble gum to the purchase. perhaps a chocolate or two since she’s been craving that one brand all day. walking outside, she notices the stray feline running away from the hero. “cats are not your fans, hm?” 
black women make 66 cents on the dollar relative to white men. 
baker the beast 
this is an awesome idea. @ toppingbulldogs does a bookmobile over the summer, too. good stuff! 
i was going to see the meg and blackkklansman tonight but decided to watch preseason football instead. now i’ll prob never see those movies. 
looks good ant…lol...you can see the camera..but it is a nice trophy 
glad to hear. when you’re at dinner tonight with mr, tim cook of apple, please ask him why he banned @ infowars, alex jones. he is the canary in the coal mine on free speech. 
he looks like the love of my life … 
the clinton foundation,haiti,the jeswits and christian faith weaponized charity: haiti child trafficking … youtube ezili dantò weaponized charity: haiti child trafficking hub exposed 
seeing pictures of the my lai massacre in life magazine when they were first published. my dad was in vietnam at the time. created great struggle in my mind. ever since then, i have sided with the people, the poor, the powerless and with all those who fight against oppression. … 
i have crackshot and its rare but honestly don’t care if it returns it’s just a skin which everyone should get the chance to use 
oh ok uhhhhhh idk man it's your average rhythm game i guess the main thing is there are a lot of characters (tsukiuta and tsukipro) and events rotate between all those groups with little down time so it'll be easier on your life to just focus on your faves lmao 
brian, respectfully, you and your brother preach hate towards fellow americans each and every day. because they are trump supporters. it's the same thing. 
why does the media have to do this. nancy is the new hillary. next there will be screams to lock her up.they think they have to have conflict to get ratings i guess. maddening. 
thanks to the longest time are now mutuals 
“life is shitty a lot of the time. but really great things come from shit. like shrooms. shrooms grow from shit and they give you a magical trip” - @ leanneliggett 
i don’t know what’s going to be more lit, the pregame or the event it’s safe to say both of them hml if you’re coming so i can getcha to the pregame before the #privateparty 
"throw your hands in da ayah, if you's a true playah" might just be the best rap lyric of all time 
aww. yeh same size. i tried feeding the little guy but he wasnt having it. 
she is already book on meet the press. no surprise. 
a “dinosaur “ will be one of many attractions at the td festival of south asia, aug.18-19, at toronto’s little india @ gerrardindiabaz #toronto 
can we make ending the word “millennial” a thing? maybe with one of those fancy hashtags? #itsadultsunder40 
you deserve all the happiness in the world 
i’m so jazzed for the @ raiders game today, it’s been too long 
a peek inside the insanity of a trumpturd. we literally have videos of trump and his nazis celebrating the notion of separating families while trump's supporters cheered them on. … 
couldnt come to minnesota and not see the oldest of my little sisters @mall of america … 
i am now on a personal crusade to rid them from the world. 
you’re the reason i believe love is real 
do you prefer chatting in person or through the internet? — in person … 
@ emlacking had the best day ever i love you 
hey its kuzma here, go follow lonzo ball....the best laker ever — ew this is so cringe ahlie also lonzo ain’t even the best rookie on his team let alone laker ever... … 
an extraordinary #thread. stories like this helps me get past some of the garbage on my tl. ht to @ alancornett for the notice. … 
how liberal is the republican? 
[vietsub] the fountainhead - 1949 - '' i am an architect '' via @ youtubee 
#askroot when and how do you foresee servias using felix in his new role from the bullpen? 
@ shaq just saw you on shark week on the @ discovery channel man... that was intense 
views of arizona: mules on the bright angel trail #grandcanyon #arizona … 
omg it's a monolithic conspiracy to disenfranchise men! that's obvious from the numbers! 
i couldn’t blog bro niggas got recaps out already lmao. enjoy the event man #summermadness7 #sm7 
20:00:00 |temp: 75.3ºf | heat index: 75.3ºf | dew point: 32.6ºf | rain today: 0.68 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the sw, gusting to 0.0 
the finest tap water the bars gotfa offer … 
in the long run it offers more choice than previous fallouts, when you have a buncha cards to switch between, but yeah i get what you mean (though i’d never say mh values my time what with 500 hours in and no 2nd attack gem) 
evangelism, the heartbeat of god. sharing the gospel of jesus christ depopulates or decreases hells candidates.- @ derroneshort 
applying a relaxer to a child is extremely dangerous. the relaxer manufacturer says do not apply to children. older black women are the worst perpetrators of the idea our girls hair has to be straight. honestly, i'd seek damages. 
i hate that people see the caribbean as just black. while the african diaspora is so widespread and predominate, those caribbean countries aren’t just black countries. everyone is there basically. 
you’re the shadow of the one i fell in love with. you complain about every little thing i do 
no dia 12 de agosto de 1984, david bowie & mick jagger lançavam o single "dancing in the street". 
mannnnnn them be the best days! … 
with you! i said goodbye to 18 “friends”, it on the beginning, but the last 6 months after they started to talk stupid in trying to defend him. you’re not alone! 
enjoy the vacation! #letsgopadres 
lmfao i matched with my best friend on tinder but i’m pretty sure it’s because we both had the same thought process ; “hmmm bet they wont” lmao this is gonna get interesting 
congrats to @ lsampano and @ obee1998 on being recognized as the rob delaat award winners for being outstanding volunteers at this years banquet. don’t know where the north halton tide would be without leanne and marlene. 
sweetie, your girlfriend was just in my text line the other day, dont get your shit twisted 
you watching the story of lynching in the south ain’t cha. miss @ oprah getting after you kkkonfederates 
that is a coffee stout which combines two of the greatest things ever - coffee and beer! 
@ zionnps had an amazing two days at the park. the narrows was our favorite! 
the most high shows his love by manifesting the knowledge of himself through his wisdom which reveals the hell one must go through in order to reveal to you that his way is right. knowledge the wisdom... … 
how much of a pain in the ass are you based on your profile picture? … 
jogando the sims 
they will do that anyway, so that's no excuse to not fight 100% against this nominee. by the way, "innocent until proven guilty" only applies to the sentencing phase of a trial. that's it. 
now the #democrats are showing their true colours #democratshateamerica … 
call nora she will support you with the link 
serendipity sunday: i listened to the section of @ hodgman's #vacationland where he talks about dealing with mouse & raccoon poop as i was cleaning out all of the squirrel poop from the great squirrel-in-our-kitchen-drawers adventure of 2018. i used bleach instead of fire. 
the tolerant left strikes again … 
i'm back to rule the kingdom of fuck it 
i won't have it any other way or i'll email the russo brothers myself demanding my money back. and everyone else's too 
woohooo! we won the pitch competition @ scifinder for a "chance" to win a million dollars. hah. they were accurate! #futureleaders18 @ 
today i worked out, wrote, grocery shopped & watched some of the stupidest videos the internet has pooped out! 
- with a final lingering, hopeful glance toward the ever-growing canopy, the dynamic sounds of footsteps surrounding him, elrohir conceded his mistake, bidding the watchmen adieu. 𝘎𝘰 𝘣𝘢𝘤𝘬 𝘵𝘰 𝘺𝘰𝘶𝘳 𝘳𝘰𝘰𝘮. 𝘛𝘩𝘦𝘳𝘦 𝘪𝘴 𝘯𝘰𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘩𝘦𝘳𝘦 𝘧𝘰𝘳 𝘺𝘰𝘶. 
@ tmanion103 & i are getting ready to fly home. first stop in miami. what a fantastic 6 days here in são paulo, brazil ! although a lot of it was work for the… … 
this is the funniest thing i have ever seen … 
this is how the hard-working americans in the bars of w pennsylvania want their leaders to write. you’d understand this, rick, if you weren’t such an elitist globalist. 
just when the host company thought they've killed the #business; we came forth stronger on and lowered our prices to n0.90k/unit. get more for less. #pepperdem #nademdeyrushus 
see the thread above - i have a friend who lost service a few hours after a technician visited to restore service to the fios lines. he's basically had several outages at this point and probably has half a month total time with a fios outage 
that anesthesic injection sha..after the first u don’t feel shit no more aswrrrrrr... but mad was scared though... hard guy hard guy 
(global news): #convoy of #boler trailers pit-stop in saskatoon : the trailers are among.. 
whether the relationship between the parents failed or not, if the father or mother isn’t providing financial assistance the option of child support is there. who gets mad because they have to provide for their seed? fuck out of here. 
i'm guessing this paves the way for cindy mcc. is this o.k. with arizonans? flakey (lol). … 
no questions but the greenery is sweet. 
reaching out againn cause i dont have money to buy any books and really want these! 1. the traitor prince by cj redwine 2. smoke in the sun by renee ahdieh 3. everlife by gena showalter #bookishwish 
also also, “carnivorous pygmy moose” was the hardest thing on the album to memorize. took me days to get the speech and the cadence right. 
the look you give your friend when their crush walks in 
don’t lie. it’s probably the most complicated haha 
weekly newsletter f3 the rock - 8/13/18 - … 
i wish i had that “tell em’ to go to hell in such a way that they would enjoy the trip” type of voice. i just don’t. 
i appreciate the professionalism of the @ americanair crew and the safe, on-time arrival. 
trump has kidnapped the dignity of the oval office and dragged into the sewers with him. … 
i’ll drown in the sink before i go to bed with my makeup on. … 
at the strzok of midnight doth hither creatures the malodorous swamp fearest the most... … 
because you’ve been down there for almost a week. i haven’t seen you around the hospital, your name hasn’t been on the or board. if you need time off then take it but don’t sit in the morgue. … 
the crowd will consist of 20 or so stage hands, a few seagulls and about 750,000,000 various bugs/mosquitos … 
perfect to put on democrats’ cars in november so they smash ‘em up and they can’t get to the polls. … 
me cruising down the street in my camaro blasting hardstyle. … 
nice win for the boys soccer team this evening over harrison county 2-1! goals were scored by wick hallos and colin miedler. 
train ride reads i feel like i’ve already highlighted half the introduction. @ sarakahmed 
unfortunately this has been the case for many years, it was the case when i served. i thought when reagan was elected, he would change that, but he only went so far. but there's nothing in it for trump, so do expect anything from him. … 
i was a part of a team that analyzed fins from hong kong’s market, and we found that protected sharks are still frequently being traded. that’s a big problem, as one of the leading threats to sharks is the trade of their fins, and hong kong is a... … 
tonight city council recognized burt mohler for his 25 years of service with the city's fire department. burt began his employment with the department on july 3, 1993 and holds the position of fire captain. thanks for all you do burt! 
this is not only relevant but also, it’s the 43rd anniversary of rocky horror picture show!!! dammit, janet! let me wear my “natural makeup!” #makeup #makeuptutorial #makeupaddict #mua… … 
when i grow up i want to be able to raise a hand in the air and have the band behind me launch into a thrilling live rendition of my boss battle theme 
how did that happen? oh yea, the crooked, corrupt republicans! … 
i couldn't get the angle right in time but still. they make me soft. 
i’m always the first to apologize in an argument because i realize that this moment is the only moment that we’re promised so i’m not going to spend it holding petty grudges. 
oh yay! i haven’t gotten the scoop yet. thanks! 
i pay $780 for the exact same but water is included, definitely a good deal 
after 20 games at the pba60 dick weber championship, the top 32 return to bowl six games of match play tomorrow at 9am et. full standings are at . #pba 
hmm are these games in the same universe canon?! … 
what's special about the lace panel crew? 100% polyester lace, non-elastic cuff for a soft, fluttery feeling, yet they won't slip down! 
i’d much rather read the instructions on the back of rat poison. thanks. 
my bestie is the best. 
i love messages out of the blue 
to the merce next wednesday 
i'm really sorry that's terrifying be aware of your surroundings and stay near people and if he does anything or follows you call the police 
“this nigga let the bitches drink all our liquor” 
why is the world so cruel, i just want to know. i'm starting to forget what my mother's voice sounds like. 
one of my bigger anxieties living on guam (and this applies to hawaii too) was that if the world ends or society collapses while you're there... you're never getting off that island if we're on the mainland i can at least go all mad max and take a roadtrip to find my grandma 
this is what i pictured when @ dubdotdubby said he couldn’t do the shoot dance … 
i only got to hear one song on the new @ heyamine project but i was vibin! 
i need to go to sky zone or ninja lounge, like asap. i have the meanest urge to flip and jump all over the place. 
no it's always been there since uni. i just am not good at the course i took and my profession :c thank u gels for asking. ikaw how r u? 
@ aiginsurance i can see a negative link on the internet about you - nufic acc ins … 
this happened to me a few years ago, but everyone else in the house including the dog sleep through it! 
how does anyone use a treadmill at the gym while listening to the greatest showman soundtrack and not lip sync and make arm gestures? 
actually it turns out that 'dan from long island' is the victim of some guy who fabricated a story for his vox blog due to the low turn out of the actual altrighters. the whole thing is fabricated by this zack and i'm honestly quite disgusted that someone would do that. 
because @ marcusreports and i are #avgeeks we have discussed alternatives to the #militaryparade over dinner this evening. so here’s an idea (bc no one *really* wants to see tanks anyway... you know?): 
better than the original 
homegirl didn't spawn in for like 2 minutes. and i could have just switched to codcast. thanks for the kick tho :( 
watching the last hours of johnny cash. what a legend .. 
palestinians turn to the sun to reduce their power shortfall … #renewables 
what were the other ideas you had, out of curiosity? 
this effort to limit participation of people of color as well as the poor is outrageous, but it is the last ditch attempt by the gop to remain in power. 
why would the current president, and doj of which the president is chief, call on a man who is hostile to everything he does. back in the real world .... not going to happen. 
i’m so blessed to have the kinda mom i have 
bringing the soil to you is a very thoughtful gesture. and so glad you arrived back in england safe and well. 
there seems to be some weird symbiotic relationship between the proliferation of plagiarism and the ease of detecting it. like surely there should be less occurring now? 
and the battle shall continue. … 
we want all the smoke 
u already the best chef i know bro … 
these are the friendliest little kittens ;;w;; 
i thought he stumbled coming off the line? … 
come on mr christophe choo you are the richest real estate man in los angeles so you better help the homeless peoples and plus charities and donations for poor peoples as well as you got plenty many money in your banks accounts come on help the homeless and poor peoples, 
i am (only) an army as well i understand your point very well your point is technically right the only problem was you rt qt-ed it in the wrong tweet. 
- " i-- uh! many thanks for the help, once again. " 
i seriously can't decide for splatfest im just gonna see what sumi, ika, and maybe rainn choose (if they actually decide to play splat since its boring) for splatfest. i honestly think they'll choose fork because fortnite and im the only one who really plays splatoon anymore 
it's fine you did a really good job. i enjoyed the stream. you and @ tealful are a good team. oh and i like your style. you pretty cool. … 
anyone know hot to find the entrance to the shadow mcdonalds? 
@ resldonaldtrump did you know about this? she’s got the goods on you pal … 
only had black and white tv, went to a friends house to watch wizard of oz in color for the first time! #bragaboutyourgeneration 
streaming simpsons then either zenon: the zequel (2001), i am legend (2007), or split second (1992) here in 10 … 
@ mlb to your broadcast of today’s @ mets vs @ phillies game. it’s worse than sitting in a bar surrounded by drunken, overly-serious armchair managers. can’t wait to return to the #mets paragon of broadcasting @ garykeithron. 
i don’t want the time to be up, yeah i don’t wanna find new love. … 
this is the grossest opening hand i could conceive of for saheeli's directive, but i needed the 8th card afforded by a multiplayer game to make it work. 
the first quarter comes to a close with greenwood up 7-0, knocking on the door at the 3, but facing a 4th and 1. coach pippen letting the officials have it for not giving a measurement 
people came from all parts of india, from all sections of society to pay tributes to an extraordinary personality who made an extraordinary contribution to the nation. india salutes you atal ji! 
ooh i'd bet on it being the muscle pain i think. not sure. but it's happened to me before i just kinda took some painkillers and dealt with it 
well isn't that the worst option to be chosen. 
i just bought all my favorite things to cook for this weekend. it’s gonna be so great & much needed after the nightmare of a day i had today 
made the mistake of replying to that paul mccartney tweet before realizing that account is a bot (probably russian) 
goddammit. i never got into joel mchale's show (watched a couple episodes; just wasn't quite my cup of tea), but i was really enjoying the break, even with @ michelleisawolf's shrill voice. #wolfpack 
how nice would it be to have someone be so in love with you and just wants you all the time ♡ 
falling about lmfao! #poormalcolm can't take a trick! when pm says he's going to "take a stand", i take it he's referring to a hatstand to help him remain erect (in the absence of a backbone)? … 
deadline: tuesday @ 5pm! last chance to sign the “declaration in defense of nc’s public schoolchildren” before delivery to state officials. no picture needed! your name will be listed separate from your district. help us make a really big... 
i’m putting my money on #markwahlberg, he’s going to kick some serious ass in #mile22. who do you think is the most badass? vote to receive a reminder for friday's @ mile22movie premiere. 
just saw this but the polka dots and the striped one are everything 
what tasty treats for each member of the audience and theatrical treats galore on stage in @ toastplay @ traversetheatre - a charming, wistful, touching & entertaining piece. bravo to a fab cast & creative team and caterers !! @ edfringe @ caterbybarryb … 
i can't pile on. i feel bad for the poor millionaire. 
matt riddle vs. the wellness policy #nxttakeover 
i'm not taking a position on their decision to forfeit - but to suggest the decision is why they aren't in the playoffs is just stupid. 
welp. that'd be why the red carpet will be rolled out for him & ch7, ch9, 2gb & sky news will fall over themselves to put him on prime time. … 
here we go.. take the wave around now... 
well compared to trump anyone is the better man.. either through values, talent, or hard work... most likely all of the above. anyway, #votebeto! bye cruze 
yes it is, its what the legend deserves … 
we’ve seen enough of the starters. jesus. 
you never know when it’s the last time you’ll see someone. hug them a little longer when you say goodbye, make sure they know their worth and appreciate the time you have spent together, before it’s too late. 
swr: what is it? for the new #hamradio person, it's usually just a mystery. check this out: … 
‘friends cross the road to avoid you because youâ€™ve lost a child’, grieving mother narrates tear-jerking story on a recent holiday, a friendly couple sitting at the next breakfast table regaled me with stories of their... 
all the best captain. may allah guide you with wisdom and strength. 
20:00:01 |temp: 77.0ºf | heat index: 77.0ºf | dew point: 58.6ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the wnw, gusting to 1.0 
i’m still picking 3 females to pay for at the door we got yall covered fr fr … 
i won a dollar at the pub once 
tip of the day: don’t let anything or anyone stray you away of your path/purpose 
"together, you and i, we can be like beauty and the beast. what do you say? would you be my beast?" 
fluffy pup in the cup 
does anyone really know the way to san jose? lalalalalala 
mine too.....sadly not good for the figure 
how nicki crying out travis scott cheated when she did the same shit? 
the one of the girl getting attacked you literally just rtd it 
even if that's the case, you said "major games" as in plural..... you named one game. and 4 games out of a library of thousands. you're reaching here 
the other thing is that even if there is another vote, both main parties are for brexit, so there’s no difference at all. then if i wait too long, i could regret not moving sooner as i had that knowledge of facts.... it’s a brexit or brexit choice. 
i'm just the pussy with no gf that'll never get one 
a shark-fighting trio... to the end! 
thanks to jeff ugly keeping the fucking air blasting the whole weekend my ugly ass all stopped up and hardly can breathe 
ladies...are you done? both of you were agreeing with one another and yet the thread continued.....and continued.....and continued......are you good??? 
before seeing the car, i thought it was me … 
u came around and you showed us the most 
that was like a punch in the gut to peter … 
nbc just had to throw in that caveat that “ice says” after they’ve been vilified by the left for the past 2 months. #enemyofthepeople 
kevin owens already got a ko money in the bank shirt....oh he taking that briefcase and he cashing in tonight #summerofslams @ wwe 
expressway nb is heavy from southampton street to a crash at the government center exit in the #o'neill tunnel 
the only single worthy track left 
i enjoyed my trip to missouri back in november. got to check out stl, como & kc. the arch is no longer the gateway to the west, it's the gateway to the sec. 
the poll didn't ask how to do it. 
. @ sigridkaag @ markrutte and mps in the #netherlands please make education a priority in your new development policy with 100m euros to @ gpforeducation to support girls learning including through menstrual hygiene management because #itsbloodytime #sheisequal‍️ 
new life nazarene’s altars move from the old church to the new. doing some inner rejoicing with them while i watch :) … 
it's a good cause, and i hope she does well, and that her husband doesn't undermine the effort. but i'm not holding my breath. 
lie all day, then when i lie back it’s a problem. wow the nerve of niggas 
save themselves the trouble and call an election. 
that's how it works -when the msm is dermocrat controlled 
the sky is crying- stevie ray vaughan [high quality no vid] via @ youtube 
+ went by, her addiction to being someone else to mask her pain and emotions became harder for her to separate the two, causing her to become multiple personalities inside of the computer screen. only a few of her friends knew the truth, though. + 
can y’all please say a prayer for me tonight i’m interviewing for a second job tomorrow and i’ll take all the prayer i can get bc i neeeeeed this job. i can’t take this debt anymore 
hey #sandiego, if you leave (us) now you'll miss the #hondacivictour. rt your favorite @ charlieputh song if you're comin' 
hello, we're sorry to learn about this. if you require assistance, please let us know and we'll do our best to help. please follow us @ bell_support and dm us the details about what you need help with and your account information. thank you ^tj 
someone can be a victim and a perpetrator. on does not preclude the other. abuse is an ugly cycle. 
oh god - it’s like the scooby gang but with added antisemitism 
become a top 10 player in pubg. 
bay area king @ g_eazy brought his sleeek style to the #vmas red carpet. tune into the #vmas red carpet pre-show now on @ 
basta de los raperos where are all the pop girlies?! 
this the most i ever tweeted in one day 
my 1st @ slootbag t-shirt is on the way! 
your obvious thrill from your misinterpretation of the situation is quite telling. let's wait for the facts. or is it "guilty until proven innocent? disgusting! this was a russian interference inquiry! … 
seems like every bama player who is an nfl rookie this year has been impressive as hell. across the board, drafted or undrafted. 
@ hirezajax @ titanisiah hey i’m on xbox and when i load into a game it isn’t showing my kills, assists, and wins when i load in with a god with the mastery skins?! what’s going on is this a bug? it better not be done on purpose! 
no use your money for vbucks 
imaging what the day will be, this bride was stunning (and fun)! .… … 
drew these 2 bois once again also, the cat guy has a temporary name it's mason for now but idk if i should stick with it or not 
that was the scariest earthquake ever. 
that classic fboy hair sweep at the end stole the show tho 
al pacino behind the scenes: the actor on set | indiewire …, see more … 
good lord, don't you ever just tell it totally as it is anymore??? has that liar poisoned the entire party? you are insulting everyone but a handful of people that are hanging on to a live preserver as the ship is sinking. … 
at the very least, madonna looks like she’s still trying too hard to be provocative and not succeeding. at worst, it’s cultural appropriation rich white lady-style. … 
timpi to the highest level 
nah yall killing me with the “i stan twitter” songs 
did anyone else see the amazing rainbow this evening? #rainbow #nofilter 
seriously, though. i don't understand why paizo's inclusion of this is so grating to some people. it just states that the game is for everyone, not that your specific group is not allowed to be what it is. 
lol. yes, that was awesome. all thought was a mistake/slip (like w/kim j un) until he said “... i don’t wanna talk about the weight...” lmao. 
conceal & carry network -the spotlight is out! … #maga 
lmao @“because of me”. as if you weren’t the one snapping me mcd photos and when are you not talking about alcohol always? 
i'm always the last to know what i'm currently doing 
someone should make a video for this btw the pic is from @ 
there from work lol i keep accidentally hurting myself with the ladders and boxes, it’s nothing too serious 
@ trickster_thief thomas would pull something out from the pocket and it lay on the table, it sounded like some gem piece hit on it but that is not gem. it was...a chaos emerald, a legit one and colored white. 
courtney barnett and dnp r in the same place rn i am fed 
it’s a good source of anecdotes; i worked at tower records for almost four years. i’ll think of more. the one that comes to mind immediately requires actual vocal and physical performance though, that may be outside the bounds of me on twitter. i’ll tag you if i post more. 
i understand that it's not major for the news but to some it's serious,or to most, just annoying. everyone has a different opinion and you happen not to care ( that's fine ) but people are getting annoyed on how light she it, this is the one picture i agree with them on 1/2 
if the 3rd assistant is passed, do they keep a volunteer spot or do away with the volunteer role? sorry if you have already answered this. 
sad,sad for @ gop when the go to response for @ housegop members is to automatically slam law enforcement when they are indicted! this truly makes them the party of trump. like some fbi agent coerced them into taking the rabbit on vacation! 
great job @ wrlainc! thanks for the fun day of golf! @ stbonifacegolf 
he won't resign until ivanka is indicted and then he'll cut a deal to walk away from the wh. he'll probably throw jr. and jared under buses, though. 
np: sana by i belong to the zoo 
on trd when i get all the cards will i be in heroic mode? 
so the gc is fighting over how to say this so we will lets the public decide 
swinging it better the last two days...hes fixing to break out 
you didn’t hear? hollyweird took control. they voted themselves in charge; you know with the whole academy thing, they have the whole government down pat. 
and if you don't know what i'm talking about, well....here's a beautiful version of the poem as a song. see if you can guess why it's so twisted. (other than being written by mr. poe). 
comments, always better than the video 
lauren tomorrow is my birthday and i dream so much in waking up with the follow her would be my best birthday present plus i think you hate me then you will not follow me 
hit up balaji with the fam last night. thanks for the recommendation! 
nooo this is dead me. i really be ponderin why i’m breaking out and the foods i eat is the last thing i wanna blame but i know it’s the problem i be like it’s genetics lmaoo 
i know it’s ridiculous! hope ksi beats the shit out of him 
touching "the only one" thailand ads making millions of people want to confess love as soon as possible … 
game will not load the past few hours 
loving the comments … 
once you do me wrong, i never look at you the same way again....... 
i swear ww2 is the worst cod 
duh du du du kalian the best 
solicitor-general summary: it's unlikely dutton would be disqualified, but we don't know all the facts and the situation is unlike anything the high court has considered before, so there is "some risk" it might find otherwise #auspol #libspill 
the pdf that is hyerlinked on the rpp webpage lists the fee as $136.00. where on the website did you find the pdf listing $128? 
★ ★ hq juice = no bots - no spams - no noobs - no ads ★ ★ thank you for your precious juice! you prediction is: "the dogs could be said to resemble credible hamsters." … 
latex is the beauty of the soul. 
day trading the best morning setup in the world (low, mid, high priced-d... via @ youtube 
inside miguel sano's small but important – and uneven – improvements at the plate for #mntwins. our latest sports analytics piece from @ christopherhine 
this is still my favorite thing in the world. … 
the black hole. bottomless. there is no bottom. 
best talk i’ve heard on this is: bullies, sluts and best selves fixing digital privacy education by @ carolinecastle and @ retrothought in the #defcon26 crypto & privacy village @ cryptovillage 
literally just watched that tonight. best nightmare? picard at the start of star trek first contact. 
now: here's a current look at traffic conditions in the valley. #phxtraffic 
it must a vision to attract talented youngsters and volunteers into the party. 
the purple is erupting in here! #orlvatl #lmspr #mls @orlando city stadium … 
oof let's all get together xddd 
these strangers behind me on this flight talked the whole fucking time like damn, y’all just met shut the fuck up. 
get y’all a basketball player! all he ever do is be in the gym 
good info here by @ txcomptroller. now let put this info on every ballot along with the debt service outstanding and tax implications for every bond proposition at local and state government levels. #debttransparency @ tppf @ jamesquinterotx #txlege @ … 
wow! thank you so much for your support at the fish fry tonight. great turnout! due to overwhelming attendance, we are out of cod, tilapia and jack salmon. remaining orders of whole cat, cat filets, and buffalo... … 
livia blackthorn [the dark artifices] - emily rudd 
that’s the creepiest shit ever hahaha 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist $uicideboy$ x pouya - runnin' thru the 7th with my woadies 
i can never forget when the lady said the people are deading 
|. i just don't understand why i have to be an outcast in the community. 
nope. this offense needs to look better. make them play the entire first half jay. 
well ya see it's just like the jew media where they control everything but never cast themselves in order to trick you...or something? 
making gm plants involves precise gene editing, versus the random mutations created by radioactive substances (really) or crossbreeding. 
a night at the opera at @ metopera! 
not to mention, the effort that goes into making the album covers, the cds, etc. even if it's done mostly by machine, there is still some sort of human work that goes into its production, and y'all are making their work even harder just bc you wanted to steal a photo card. 
unfortunately that's just the prelude to when he fingerbangs her. just two midwest kids, i guess. 
find out the best way to hack bushido bear. hack tokens right now! use our bushido bear hack tool!.. … 
i had to mute a "conversation" with one reply because twitter thinks i'm interested in the "likes" that reply received. kindly fuck off, twitter. 
a carol disse q vai aprender as músicas de the greatest showman pra gente cantar juntas 
why? i applaud a self made billionaire who created something so valued by society. also people have a choice to find altern work if they are unhappy at amazon...otherwise amazon wouldn't continue to be successful. also bernie is a broken record, literally the same msg over & over 
the other guest room** 
history is a dying mystery. a new beginning emerges upon the horizon 
penn state takes game 2 from #navyvb 25-21. mids hung in there all the way with the nation's sixth best team. maddi sgattoni with 8 kills, katie patrick 7. patricia mattingly 13 assists and 8 digs 
but how the djs gonna beat match without quantization? 
i challenge exo to make a damn comeback in the next month 
but it's hawaii... most of those shiny things are going to get knocked off and the h*ll beaten out of them! lol. 
when the killer takes the game hostage - and @ xmilkychan decides to play along.... 8) feat. @ poroprincess & me as some ghosts watching this 
today’s quote of the day, ‘homeopathy is the air guitar of medicine’ 
we like the sound of this! 
is getting older just all stress all the time? i’m barely 22 and over it 
he’s living his best life. don’t judge and get into the flute life. 
you can have a top of the line, dot certified performance helmet for under or a little over $100. exo-r320 dream: 
when you're sharing the gospel with someone, you kind of have to pry into their heart. the holy spirit causes the conviction of course, but it is evident to the sharer. i don't assume anyone i do not know is saved, but jesus did say, "by their fruit you shall know them." 
83' | goooooaaaaaaallllll! @ mmcguireee fires one into the back of the net for her first-career goal! 3, elon 0 
is it lost on you that theses things were done by atheists in the furtherance of their atheism? … 
the one saying why did he shoot me? 
deterring the living from being shitty monsters 
sorry to hear ian hold her tight, tell her she's been the best dog ever, we owe it to them that the one who loves them unconditionally, as they loved us, is the last face, voice and touch they see, hear and feel...chook 
you get the first one!! 
i just don't want nothing thats goin to have grease on my shirt and be on the toiletbut i'm down to try something new 
in my case, none. i play a turn based strategy game. but your question is a valid one, and applies to the vast majority of gamers. just thought i’d point out a minority opinion. #amf … 
!!! sunday afternoon declutter session and it dawned on me my bing crosby christmas album is signed by the man himself. the tree is going up soon who is with me 
i'm at the patra bali resort & villas in badung, bali 
im starting the book after the show … 
you and men like yourself are the problem. keep telling yourself you're a good guy. 
best to get that out of the way early on. 
i liked a @ youtube video celebrating the life and legacy of sen. john mccain 
why do you think it is acceptable to exit my room without shutting the door ?! 
ivan how’d you have me laughing at “those names sound lit as fuck” and then fucking sad at the end … 
okay the sunset one was actually kinda funny tho 
tasked sunday evening to assist with dealing with a fire on board a cross solent ferry. allpassengers safely evacuated, fire contained within the engine room, no injuries. rts 23:30 with @ freshwaterfire @ yarmouthrnli @ iwightfire @ officialiowas @ iowruralpolice 
women and cars have existed on the same planet for about 170 years. i'm still wondering, short of fleeing a disaster zone, why women have ever gotten into one with a stranger. of course i still use taxis... sigh. 
if the us wants to constrain china in the trade arena, and regarding ip abuse, this is rank insanity. the us needs a fully functioning dsb. 
is anyone else experiencing problems with the vehicles. i buy i car or become a bus driver and i can't drive the car or the bus. i sell and buy the car again and now i can drive. it's a waste of money. please fix this. 
i hate going shopping because i know i need something and i don’t find what i need but i end up with other things i really don’t need the struggle 
what's the difffrence between sheer or trudeau? nothing. they are set to destroy canada for special interest groups. so it is not a gamble. we will grow popular support from the current 13% to 40%. join the #berniernation 
blowback will escalate. no 1 will give up their country w/o a fight. as several european generals have warned => "there will be a civil war in europe". considering the daily crimes in western europe, it's just a matter of time. question is who will go 1st? … 
after a rough 22-20 loss to the @ bucsshiva, we fell to 4-4 on the season. not the start we wanted, gotta get some momentum going after the bye week. 
the fifth grade teachers enjoyed meeting many of you at open house last week. we are looking forward to seeing you tomorrow for our first school day together! 
love the @ nike commercial @ serenawilliams and of course, mr. williams... #enlighten 
the worst is when chelsea fans now abuse mourinho. he gave them 3 titles! 
45' - we've reached half as the raiders trail 1-0 in fort wayne. shots on goal are two a piece, wright state with two corners in the first half. 45 minutes left to get the job done! #thatswright 
did anyone else catch that tornado warning? i’m watching @ etnow canada on @ globaltv and i’m legitimately worried for people up in the barrie/orillia area. #toronto 
backlit clouds through the windshield following this afternoon's rain. 
the fact he served in vietnam seems to be a bit "finer." 
no surprise the pope sees homosexuality as being the same as raping a boy. 
mbali is always on the list of such, why though? 
words of affirmation love language all the way … 
@ taractv all the best in your future out west tara !! keep up the great golf game !! 
tell me why this dude looks like the black gay @ russdiemon 
if washington is only held to four turnovers again, then damn. i expect we'll see a better start from atlanta next game. defense was uncharacteristically sloppy in the first half. no need to reinvent the wheel, just execute better. 
really excited to see papers about negative partisanship on the apsa program. unfortunately, i don't think i can make any of the panels! please send me your papers -- i want to read them! 
“ wow you look like death what’s wrong with you?” uhhhhh probably the crippling depression. 
yet some ppl are still pressed about the who situation 
the waves are cute! 
hey! if little animal can't get a bite to eat, no hope for the rest of us. 
dancfit & smash have worked together to support the community...please come out & support our sister partner... … 
neighbor walked outside and looked equally as perplexed as to how to act casual about me crouching in the stairwell trying to take a selfie and honestly, how is this situation barely happening to me 
i was in the shower and i needed to hurry up so i could rinse my hair 
tell me about it. gillum has no chance in the general. 
one of my classes starts 10 minutes after the other. in the same room. and have the same professor for two different classes. also my mechanical vibrations class is 8-9:20pm. this will be a fun semester. 
according to cardinal cupich the important things are the environment and refugees. i am puzzled why he always refuses to address those who question him. 
wolf husky pups they are a handful to say the least nitara and simba litter … 
this is a dog who absolutely would not, in all her life, settle down enough to lay on the bed with me. working on hour three of silent bed-companionship. i wonder if she felt she had to alert us of grimm's illness all the time before now. 
yh the currency is a bit bad for us 
dinner at the house in show low az. did the show low burger- bacon "infused" patty, thick cut smoked bacon, smoked ham slice, pepper jack cheese, and chipotle aoli with house made potato chips. great atmosphere to 
check out today's bargains in the under armour outlet. huge savings every day. 
i wouldn’t take graham over kelce but the unknown with mahomes is a fair point. 
i have many facts i just muted all of your insanity! i didn’t get the alerts....lol! wait...you guys might be bots so never mind - you’ve never had a sense of reality! 
wrong, depends on the job. lawyers/doctors/investment, etc bankers cannot. software engineers, journalists, etc can 
bid on the custom xbox one x shadow of the tomb raider console. bundles are signed by camilla luddington . proceeds benefit the best friends animal society. bid here: @ ebay4charityus @ ebay @ xbox @ tombraider 
detecting 'deepfake' videos in the blink of an eye … via @ conversationus 
ut flashing the leather! no wonder these guys are so good! @ … 
post it directly to the website to reach more local actors: … 
after working a few 80 hour weeks, i actually got out of work before 6 pm and have spent the extra time in a depressive episode, crying. moral of this story is to always work overtime because it suppresses your emotions and keeps you on track to file your taxes at six figures. 
wasn’t max in the lead for the first 14 or 15 rounds? if max won and scheer left, he’d take with him only the cons who voted for him as 1st choice. the right is scared max would not only split the right, & lose to junior, but embarrass the cpc with a kim campbell like finish. 
i second the motion, @ microsoft @ … 
that's true. i don't have any view on his guilt or not - i've not seen any evidence beyond the leaks - but i'm concerned when it feels like a lot of ppl have made up their minds before evidence is presented. 
the banditos 
i feel like the shorter the email, the more shit is getting done 
this is breaking my heart! so much love for you @ maxjoseph and what you’ve brought to 7 seasons of @ catfishmtv you’re friendship & chemistry with @ nevschulman is just beautiful, creative and funny! i’ll miss you so much! i wish you all the best! x #catfish … 
:s if i ain’t the greatest , then i’m headed for it 
the russian mfa has said they are “unaware” of such a meeting. … 
everything about @ lushcosmetics is so magical. you would think they sponsor me with the way i promote them. every single product is way above standard and i’m seriously obsessed 
it is! one of the funniest, most enjoyable stories. but it weirdly rarely gets discussed, aside from the wood beast. 
@ sidelionreport no. he should not call the defense 
does anyone else get sick as soon as the weather starts changing or is it just me? 
go you for turning their judgement into a positive impact for children in need around the world! this might be the best use of a shirt ever #feministaf 
16 steezo back ? oh shiit this might be lit af 
if you heard the whole talk you would realize it wasn’t racist at all. in fact, desantis spent several minutes complimenting gillum. 
i liked a @ youtube video defining moments...in the life of a dog trainer 
well, tried being on ark but even with lowest graphic settings (and my graphics card up to date) the game lags so badly that movement jerks. nearly died to a dino due to lag (jetpack saved me). so... guess i’ll build on conan until i can figure out why there’s lag x.x 
lenovo's new yoga book replaces the keyboard with an e-ink screen 
everyone thinks they're the first ones to come up with the felix the cat reference … 
broooo my uber really oht of town so now i gotta ask one of my coworkers if i use their car for my behind the wheel.. i hate asking for shit omfg 
red skin mashed potatoes recipe – laura vitale – laura in the kitchen episode 677 … 
the truth about vaccines - documentary miniseries event … 
@ mynameischapel is honestly the best. he looks out for everyone and just wants the best for people. i love him a lot and i’m so thankful for him. 
uh yea, here’s the link: … 
this disease just took my mother-in-laws life. she was buried on monday nearly a year after her diagnosis. the last few months were brutal. the only solace the family has is she is no longer struggling. rip senator mccain and susie. 
whenever you are near my heart flutters if it doesnt work out hey its okay its all good im just clearing the romantic clutter.. ^^,) 
i just earned the 'iron man' badge on @ 
it is guaranteed this loser uses the words "snowflake" and "safe spaces" as a pejorative against "the libs." … 
omg. enough with the color of the skin! what if the others are not intetered in such jobs??? disgusting media indeed @ … 
the cubs are about to bang foltynewicz aren’t they? 
newt_centered_window() : open a centered window of the specified size … 
i feel you. i grew up in chicago. stepping over dead bodies on the way to school.the bill should've included remedies, however. 
petition to let shiro narrate the whole show 
next they're gonna say they did curling on the moon instead of hitting a golf ball 
20:00:01 |temp: 82.9ºf | heat index: 89.3ºf | dew point: 73.8ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the w, gusting to 0.0 
got another pencil for a different softness of lead and i’m bumped. you can tell which is new because the other one is deadass black with dirt on the handle 
and don’t forget the personals … 
progress is good brother, keep up the motivation. 16 days ago i was 212, put down my beer and went full carnivory diet. loving every minute of it! today i weighed in at 191, and feeling great. (havent started exercising yet). i cheat only with my morning coffee. 
@ mlbatbat when are you going to add e#to the standings in the app? as a red sox fan in canada it amuses me greatly. 
another option would be to bring in pereyra for richarlison, but at the moment i'd rather hold the everton forward than ozil. this is in ofpl, by the way. 
#vidconauasksaftyler can you see me next i the isle 10th row back ?? i’ll wave when u read this also love you and your vids 
#trump is the epitome of corruption #putin, #trump, a conspiracy decades in the making … 
and if not for him, her life, her childrens life would have not been destroyed by the media then he blames her for him losing! the nerve! 
john wafin john bigbooty war of the worlds was real! 
the latest draft from the city consultant states that 2.4 million is transferred from the water fund to general fund. 
slayer would be 10x cooler of a band if they changed their name to "the slayer" 
legit me when it’s officially september 1st in the us 
i gave nymag from the left and the hill from the right. what more do you want? your pew study is a year old! not current! it doesn't discuss medicare for all! it asks who people think is responsible for coverage! nothing related! why do you keep at this? are you human? 
by the way, everyone is an "other" of some sort. we're joined together as a species by our colllective otherness. 
what if i said "women are emotional"? that's absolutely sexist, and i could respond to criticism by saying "i didn't mean all women, only some of them." but the damage is done. 
because he is the truth said he is so real and i love the way that he makes me feel and if i am a reflection of him then i must be fly because his light it shines so bright i wouldn’t lie 
i knew what you meant. i get the hamburger helper hands a lot, too...haha. but i disagree, i think you've seen the culture change so far in such a short amount of time. the toughness fact of this team today proved that to me. 
the media made kkkrooked trump by encouraging this leper when he made untrue and offensive statements. the freak got free publicity during his campaign. the antidote is not to cover his rallies or report his stupid words. just challenge his daily lies-daily. 
all of europe is screwed. and liberals want to make sure the united states is next 
bring back the target shopping vids 
alright then lol 
i’m constantly posting about the weather i’m so sorry 
i mean what would the judge hear that wasn’t already in front of him or her? ‘do you really mean what you already swore to under penalty of perjury?’ “yep.” ‘oh ok, well in that case i’ll approve this’ 
well they shouldnt. just come up with the minimum standards necessary for safety and let whoever meets them join. 
that’d be dumb. no rb is worth a firdt round pick or the money bell is asking for 
anyone that is canonizing mccain is the enemy! the pos was a monster! … 
she should be facing charges in the hague. 
@ yahoofantasycc hey my chat abruptly stopped working in my league app on iphone. it just says "trying to connect" ive cleared browser data and unistalled/reinstalled the app and still nothing...please help! draft is soon! 
‘self consciousness is the enemy of interestingness’ - malcolm gladwell 
it ain't like these empty arena or underwater edits n stuff it's just a small part of the song with some effects to use it for an edit but i wanna know peoples thoughts n all … 
i’m the sun 
@ uber_support i left an item in a previous uber, but am unable to contact the other driver because i’m in a different uber currently. 
news reporting has always had a bit of bias, the 4 gospels were the reporting of different reporters with slightly different accounts of the events. … 
come in the room and i’m giving commands, i am the captain & he tha lieutenant. 
i don't see that a targeting what's the guy supposed to do? player is in midair 
i titled this one “the dragon cometh” [thought it was incredible] 
find the infinity gauntlet. i've had enough. 
“after a while dominique found it easier to associate with people. she learned to accept self-torture as an endurance test, urged on by the curiosity to discover how much she could endure.” #thefountainhead 
great time with the family this weekend love coming to charlotte 
#meekmill ft #chrisbrown #tydollasign #whateveryouwant waiting on this bbq i should go bug my babies i don’t like the distance we got now … 
like are tweets like this not unconsciously designed to support #remain? we are doing great exactly because we are in the eu. so why would we #brexit? i’m genuinely open to suggestions x also open to … 
i don't care if it's cringy it's about the message 
lmfaooo facts, women in the crowd were getting choked out by kane like shit was reg. imagine paying good money to get strangled on live tv 
nope! god the father, god the son and god the holy spirit. … 
rewatching the defenders for a good laugh 
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 388 #paradiseisland2 
lsu takes an early lead on miami. tigers up 3-0. didn't have to be very creative offensively on that drive due to good field position. curious to see how that changes throughout the evening. … 
don’t neglect the importance of balance in your kicking form. 
maybe sign with mexico now while there’s a lame duck president and add canada whenever they’re ready to seriously negotiate. would need to rename the bill to be trilateral. 
clearly someone's never experienced the magic that is @ machadofarm … 
the elusive pit bull in its natural habitat... 
yes the tide is turning!! 
bandy is a terrible loss for the canes 
if i die young, bury me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses, sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song. 
if you don’t strap ur food in the car after you get it, is it even good food? 
i am waiting for the defense to be "you knew he was a crook when you elected him so live with it." 
watch active measures documentary on twitter or hulu. the full story is there believe me...... … 
you packed a lot into summer - some life-changing events! happy first day of the school year! 
amazing trip to chile for @ conceptosuc. so inspired by the work of everyone i met there. such passion about providing better access to and better standards of care for their fellow chileans. reminds me how lucky we are here in canada and how we must work to protect what we have! 
@ kaepernick7 hasn't played football in several years because he lost the ability to do so. … 
destroying your purchased footwear to own the libs. … 
we were all like “brigid what the fuck are you doing here” and then like “yesss go you” … 
i dont know who is the worst actress mimi faust or lyrica 
@ bostonglobe i'm a loyal subscriber to your home delivery and online edition, so why am i bombarded with super spammy pop-up ads on your site when i'm trying to read the sports page?? 
oof u give me the money 
the android's eyes seem to color like the luminescence of the bouquet as he took them. "these are... incredibly beautiful." and he didn't even know these flowers existed. "thank you - did you grow these yourself?" 
white people destroying the tj maxx nike merchandise they already purchased... 
karla pretended to be a confused tourist and asked kristen for help. while she did this, paul grabbed kristen and held a knife to her throat. kristen left behind her shoe and a ripped portion of the map which helped police see it was an abduction. 
yeah, a ton of people agree with you. the idea that this campaign is bringing enough new business to offset the losses here is wrong, i think. curious if everyone will sustain the boycott though. 
our first openly pro-crime president, is mad at attorney general jeff sessions simply because two republican congressmen were recently indicted for corruption. and it's a just a coincidence that they were also the first two congressmen to endorse trump. … 
can someone tell me what the chinese show joshua + vernon are on about? 
winning the gop nomination. 
agreed, i know many people like myself (;)) who have never given up. h1 all the way. 
they are walking the walk! not just throwing $ but working to ensure that money spent is done so effectively. 
you mess with with eminem you get the cold hand, rappers should know not to mess with the best lyrical rapper ever. smh 
and the stock dives! 
the sunset rn 
wahhh thank u rin!!! i give u the biggest virgo high five as it is our season 2 be merry 
i'm a scorpio, texan, cherokee. i don't even know what back down means. i'm gonna be like the old granny on smokey and the bandit sittin on my porch with a rifle on standby mother fuckin everyone that goes by that's how far ive been pushed 
death it may have been him staying alive and staying with the woman but it’s open to interpretation i guess 
ok i think the hospital is starting to eat sick of my lung failures. can you stop attacking me?! 
i'm not retweeting the "burning @ nike sneakers" thing because it can look like support for it. but i think burning sneakers look hot, colin kaepernick is a hero and i'll be buying nike forever. 
#congratulations 2018 pop up #bestof the #magazine … 
congratulations, you made the cut for the most idiotic statement of the day. you been conned by your media to believe in something that's completely false and made up. … 
i hear ya. i called my mom today and cursed up my most wretched storm ever about kavanaugh. this farce of a hearing is not only infuriating, but terrifying. we’ve been depending on a non corrupt judicial branch to check the other 2 branches that are thoroughly corrupted 
oh no! please dm us the restaurant location and your phone #so we can make this right. 
tropical resort act 1 on the nintendo wii. 
bro so the amish guys came over to tell us they were going coyote hunting in our back yard and bro these mfs came out with some crazy ass guns dawg i about shit myself these mfs were strapped tf up 
we still need volunteers for @ holdthelinewr ! be apart of our team and get to know the amazing people in our community that put these events together! email 
let’s take all the people “boycotting” nike, ship them off to an island, and let them all be ignorant and clueless together 
of course, me the nerd, is wondering where is her eye protection? i’m sure she has beautiful eyes, everything else matches. 
the best memes on nike‘s ‘believe in something‘ colin kaepernick ad | breitbart … via @ breitbartnews 
make a difference today by donating on my behalf to support the national ms society! 
to all the people who are gonna pass this show up because you don't like jim carrey's opinions outside of comedy, go masturbate to a dying fish. … 
i liked a @ youtube video the western tradition #41: the industrial revolution 
god bless judge kavanaugh for what he's being put thru ,it's a crying shame what the democrats are doing ..they are so disgusting, schumer is a disgrace getting people in the hearing that yells ,stomps , showing pictures what a disgrace 
it's mike pence, my dude. he has every reason to get you out of the picture and nobody else on planet earth uses the word "lodestar" 
@ turnertime94 you’re the goat for having an iron city as your header 
here’s the thing about real friends, you may not see them all the time, but they’ll always be there during your time of need and you don’t even have to question their loyalty cause you know you can trust them. i love you @ victoria_agape thank you for being my real friend 
i tried to make a tatt apt and since i’m only available on weekends... 10/9 is the closest one 
looking for a clean family hotel, spacious rooms, affordable prices, 24 hour service in surabaya, the most appropriate emerald hotel, thank you 
@ skypesupport with the new record call feature, do all call participants need to be on the same version of skype? for example, i'm going to be on linux where the feature is available, but my friends will be on windows 10 where it's not. can i still record the call? 
you really think snd act like a dictator donald. why not go all in and dress like one? of course you would probably think this was the appropriate attire #dictator 
the tadpole to frog moment of @ … 
ahhhh! enjoy it sm in the name of all of us i-armys 
i love the smell of your hair 
class of 2021 in the homecoming parade! 
i struggled leaving zenon and smart house off the list, but it said movies you would recommend to get to know you better. sooooo.. 
everyday we need to set a goal for the day (reflecting the night before helps) and have “check points” throughout the day to see if you are accomplishing what you set! … 
the next tweet in the thread talk about the practice they had of altering the color of the skin in these photos. 
@ teresayaw @ capturephotollc @ garrett_watts @ andrewsiwicki @ _morganadams_ @ ryland_adams you all contributed to this, thank you so much! don’t forget to share the link! let’s win this for @ … 
the most wonderful things come out of your mouth. 
yes, mueller’s report will define how you committed treason. i know it’s business as usual for you but working with the russians to get elected is a crime to those of us who believe in the rule of law. #impeach45 
many conservatives are going to have to make peace with the possibility, that takes like this that pretend to the partisan status quo that many continue to cling to as its long time beneficiaries do nothing to serve a republic in grave danger of losing itself completely. 
i liked a @ youtube video the black arts movement 
yh i don't know anyone that woyld be on it. maybe over the weekend, it comes out tomorrow 
me & ktyc no 1&2 will go to the beach with mtwr & atwh in 30 minutes 
the same youtube that allowed the paul brothers and their antics. i closely monitor what my kids are looking at on youtube 
you will incur the enmity of self righteous religious people, (even catholics) for flaunting, especially celebrating, your lifestyle choice. please, we need you to win. #politicallyscientific 
drink the whole bottle 
she's very good. she comes from a family of good competitors, and knowing who she is always compared to, i'd have a chip on my shoulder too. there's the good then there's the bad that comes with it 
how is it even possible there’s an artist who’s “multi-platinum” and playing songs on national tv before the nfl season starts and i’ve never heard of the guy? 
is it ironic that the name of the business is called vulture? seeing as they are scavenging for scraps to eat? 
i racked up 30 points! how long can you survive on the gridiron? - via @ bleacherreport 
i am so excited to have all the disposed from my life!! i’m ready to go out & be the bad bitch that i am!! someone gimme their number so i can not text them back 
him punk ass bitch who can probably still wrestle circles around the main roster? is “him punk bitch” even english? … 
we all take risk and hope for the best. 
if you find my reasoning cogent, perhaps you would like to question him on it at the plp meeting? the apple can rot from the core. since 1978, i have never not voted labour: but i will not again until he goes. sláinte. end. 
the man, the myth, the legend:) 
girl i did the same ! you gon pull it up to a+ tho . … 
you don’t really believe the celibates will take over iran, do you. 
@ cspan now you can understand senator harris is part of the liberal crap. 
august 2018 – read the best of new novel story pitches … 
regular lobe piercing hurt more then all the piercings i have 
today orange man said again "i liked him every much he was a good guy"....then orange man said i only saw a picture of him, i really didn't know him...just like everyone he throws under the buss... 
or do - but with the prerequisite that you’re open to having your mind changed by both scientific research and lived experiences and don’t wall off a part of your brain after the thought, “it’s a choice”. … 
yes here she is in the morning 
i see her in some years. hannah montana to miley she might be the meghan trainor of our time but not a bey 
funnily enough it is about the only plant that doesn’t self sow here! 
:) i welcome whatever insight and information he offers to purge the church, but i understand how you feel. i reject his benedict option on the same grounds. he ditched the church already, which nullifies his argument. 
elon stressing the fuck outta his shareholders, especially with that last charade he pulled lol 
i love you @ annemarie i just wish you knew who i was and had the opportunity to meet you 
i grew up in philadelphia as a maurice cheeks fan, but his act of kindness in 2003, while coaching @ trailblazers, was better than any assist as a @ sixers point guard. all these years later, the video still makes me smile. … 
i can taste the fraud! 
well truth be told i was reading them through the darkest days of my life...kept hoping 
you’re the best spicy! 
@ noralache when will the website be back up? 
lots of luck. he is the leaker 
mitchell 22 mcdowell 0 11:21 left in the second quarter 
someone better say this shit isn’t true, i can’t believe this. mac miller was one of the true artist we had left 
looking forward to working at wembley later today for england vs spain! first game at the home of football since the world cup. still proud of that achievement. 
touchback. let’s play football from the 20. #rolldrags 
how strange is it that after typing up tweets about how the parent trap freaks me out, #mybiggestirrationalfear becomes a trending topic? the twins are watching me. 
how do i retrieve an old twitter account that has been deleted? i thought if i remembered the login and password it would reactivate. 
@ usta you blew it at the open, jimmy connors used to say the f word and not lose even a point, serena got screwed and your umpire took her chance away, i hope he gets ban 
hope you and the fam are good 
we don't need a definition of the idiom of calling off dogs. i don't need your pathetic mansplaining of how someone who described the grassroots labour movement as dogs didn't mean dogs, he meant we are snarling masses on corbyn's leash which corbyn has control over. we are not. … 
no one talks about how emotionally draining a career in a creative field is. some people love your work, while others don't. the negative voices seem to be the loudest and create so much self doubt. you constantly wonder if you're good enough. 
it's windy at falk school! the wind speed is a brisk 17 miles per hour. 
yanchen adding 'bro' at the end to not sound much obvious 
the loml 
@ serenawilliams well for years i’ve tried to give @ serenawilliams benefit of the doubt turns out i’ve been right all along @ serena you’re a #bully this will be a match that you’ll be proud to share with your daughter #teamosaka 
there’s a story from 4 people in regards to her trying to sabotage their career it’s called when someone’s the common denominator you tend to believe the story. there have been djs who said onickel said if they had certain females on their shows she wouldn’t do interviews w them 
the only reason why socialism seems and it is deemed as a failure is that the world population is used to one system capitalism when this system retracts all that is new fails. 
i really like the name eve!! i think it’s really pretty but i also am really happy w the name i have now 
bonkers statement. god can tell people killing is wrong, which i might add was surely not news when it was put into the 10 commandments lol, but can’t say slavery is wrong and rape is wrong? get out of here. you look ridiculous contorting and jumping through all those hoops 
the house, skrimp shack, sho nuff, salt box, saint james 
so true, especially the poison ones 
0-1 lost my acca on the first fucking fight cba 
what the fuck game are you watching? 
so excited to get this pc and dive straight into the world of pc gaming and get fucking rekt by pros :) 
ignore what's happening in the vid so anyways i want these shorts 
if i tell you how i feel can i fuck?? gotta see if the pussy good before i cuff 
@ ibgdrgn what the fuck do you gain from posting on your private instead of your public 
can’t wait to watch the #thecoolkids series premiere, friday, september 28 at 8:30/7:30c on @ foxtv! @ thecoolkidsfox via @ telfieapp 
when you’re not part of the champions club #usopen 
falling on the sword. 
how many parents of the still-500 separated children would that money find, i wonder... … 
#bigdata will transform the way #hr operates. most prominently, a scientific evidence-based approach for decision-making, backed by data analysis, algorithms and ai. 
showers continue for parts of west michigan. here's the look at radar. these lighter showers around sunset are making for some perfect rainbow conditions... if you got one on camera, send it my way! #miwx @ 
this may be the most disastrous season opener for any team in nfl history. 
absolutely nothing to do with bell’s situation. beyond stupidity. zero comparison could be made by a rational person, you are just trying to mask your hatred of the nfl. just shut up 
memories is the best shawn mendes song ever written, fight me (actually don’t i’m fragile) 
my #thesocialcelebrity is #selenagomez @ selenagomez at the #pcas 
the cpc left the conservative movement a long time ago. maybe it's time to look beyond single election cycles and focus on ideas and principles rather than team sports. 
mark udall represented the boulder congressional seat in the house before being elected to the senate. he was very liberal. 
atleast the skins got a w 
@ jeff_mans not a bad start for the first week of the season. both lineups were from your dfs subscription package. another weekend and its paid for itself as usual. thanks again for the great support. 
that’s the spirit. 
the white supremacist backlash against nike is fucking scary. they clearly read kaepernick's role with nike as an escalation, as a deliberate attack on white people specifically, and as dumb as this destruction of their own property seems it's an obvious threat of violence. 
i appreciate that, but unfortunately i am old enough to remember. i was a huge mcenroe fan, hated connors. i'm a big serena fan too. there's no double standard here though. mcenroe was crushed in the media for his ranting and got plenty of bad calls and penalties. 
says the one who was out getting drunk last night 
@ jzsavoie there’s a good chunk of switchbacks on the cabot trail that’s gravel right now if the subaru is roadworthy. 
i want some of the crack bh are on today can they please give me some 
how do you lose a chuck of hair at the gym. 
imagine not liking lvp. what’s it like having the worst taste ever 
duos/squads w/ the z-team #ps4live (fortnite) live 
they also should evaluate fred transfer to united 50 million fucking pound for an absolute shiit player, evaluate mangala, lindelof the list will be unlimited mostly with underperforming players which were a huge paycheck on clubs transfer book's not fucking long ago 
who the heck is jojo siwa and why is she relevant? 
burrow into the ground and eventually pop up next to them #unlikelywaystofindsomeone 
is latinos saying the n word still a thing?? in 2k18????? 
get to clarion collection the solita soho hotel - new lyft users get a free ride - use lyft promo code nxtdoor we've got our hooks in you all w/ these ultimate deals 
fitbit told me today that i’ve walked over 8,046 km since may 2017 ... not all on the commute though ... 
have you ever known anyone who frequently called shows "gigs"? i feel like that's a thing that only happens in the movies. 
are the people having this commentary hip-hop fans or are they just stanning specific artists? 
the devil knows taehyung was my bias wrecker n now hes showing me taehyung n im thirsty 
speak for yourself. i’ll take some neck until my shit looks like ya fingers after 30 minutes in the tub 
actually, there is a difference in saying that god's word is infallible. it bears truth, is not diminished. however, based on modern biblical scholarship concerning the text itself, there are variants, omissions, and substitutions. the text is not inerrant. 
don’t avoid the obvious - poor coaching 
yes sir- re bob! did it then, will do it now! promises made , promises kept! the best 
i've yet to play #blackout so i have to vote for #pubg. the unpopular choice for sure but out of the two options i've played, i enjoy pubg more. 
if you want to see something really special come back in may for the 500. 
hey can you explain to me why you hate lindsay? i get there’s the whole nyberg thing and that sounds pretty shitty, but is there more reasons? (i’m not trying to roast you i’m genuinely curious) 
i just entered for a chance to win his captive mountain virgin by madison faye in the pick your bestseller giveaway! … 
@ cosoricooks sent me 1 of their pressure cookers to try out. my 1st meal-i chose this yummy tandoori chicken recipe by @ pinchofyum. i’ve never used a pressure cooker but this baby was ready in 25 min! i know i’m late to the pressure cooking party but i kinda love it! 
is it just me or is that boy in the red hoodie at the end 12yo?? 
#kaleidoscope @the time machine recording studio … 
wrong!!!! because of the local corrupt government in puerto rico! do you remember when the mayor was pleading for help live on tv, complaining there’s no food, water & etc. while on the other hand we can see stacks of food, water behind her! 
omfg is everyone the same … 
disgusting? you’re calling him a fascist, but you’re the one sounding like a dictator. 
i’d like to think support to and from the troops is above politics. they don’t choose the fight, politicians do. 
watch "woman taking out the trash makes a heartbreaking discovery inside a backpack" - 
“to lead the orchestra, you must turn your back on the crowd” 
stealing someone else's words frequently spares the embarrassment of eating your own. 
just turned on the game, where is chris sale? i see eovaldi pitching. this is a confusing process. 
the word “valid” is tossed around so much that it has ceased to have any meaning for me tbh. like when you misspell a word and try too many times and just give up bc it no longer even looks like an alphabet you recognize 
wouldn’t it be amazing...if we could hear the same text but from rob’s perspective? maybe he was victimized by his own brilliance. he felt his intelligence placed him above reproach by mere mortals. 
every three months, a salesperson from the pharmacy near my town comes to change the medicine and add refills to the medicine box in my house. 
right or the spider man one that just came out lol 
i’d start with tos. it’s the one that’s truest to roddenberry’s vision, which was about modeling a society without war, poverty and racism. also, although it can feel dated and corny, the storytelling is remarkably economical and seems weightless compared to the others. 
when you can't see the point someone is trying to make and insult them 
you’re the coffee that i need in the morning, you’re the sunshine in the rain when it’s pouring 
that is definitely part of the puzzle from my perspective? because let's be honest there is a lot of shitty fanfic and shitty m/m out there! but the way i got through that problem to build my core reading list was through hand-to-hand recs. + 
she’s the sweetest!! she’s in my sisters backyard playing with my son and nephew and she’s loving every minute of it!! 
remind me how i act hard on the gram pls ? 
this girl that’s paler than me stood in front of the class on the first day during an icebreaker said her interesting fact is that she’s “racially ambiguous.” irish and german don’t count sis 
different levels of nutty in the whole family and will defend each other. 
the back is ugly. 
"it is not by accident that the pristine wilderness of our planet dissapears as the understanding of our own wild nature fades" 
i’m a player yeah it’s true, but i change the game for you 
ebeye shi shiiiii shi ruff @ shattawalegh vs @ stonebwoyb more fire more fire from the #sm 
robert you are a socialist who wants the government to run our lives. that is not the $ texas way. 
marko stunt has to be the shortest non-little person to ever compete in pwg, right? 
favorite quote.... resilience “points to teenagers’ lack of resilience—the ability to face and overcome challenges. the issue is that ‘we’re not allowing our kids to make mistakes and learn from them...’” it’s hard to do .... but so necessary … 
a necklace, what’s the place called so i can check it out :-) thank you 
kerry has no business going to an enemy state to negotiate anything. or is barry still calling the shots? why hasn’t he been arrested? 
@ mattmiazga3 hey you idiot what team you play for? you trash as defender. you couldn't stop the short man. no-one knows you are you even an a team? you trash as a human 
elgabry will cover the day-to-day management and strategy for the motors division with a focusing on growing the platform's traffic, profit, and user engagement. 
get the fuck out of my mentions eugene 
playing around with some ideas for a stream package. you dig it? want to end up using a bunch of different artists with the same style in a big collage 
geseki or however you spell it. he’s the biggest threat imo 
#trump #maga | @ seanhannity .. we are following two major stories out of washington… former fbi lawyer lisa page interned 'under clinton' and senator dianne feinstein made a last-minute attempt to derail the confirmation of judge kavanaugh | 
right now the best thing is to pound the president to keep the numbers low and tell him to reform the program. in the long run, read my blog so that you are armed for local opposition. type your state in my search window to learn more. … 
god we thank you for the big brains you gave @ inthematrixxx & the heart to be willing to explain things to all of us. please bring itm the desires of their heart. we ask for your provision, protection & blessings amen. hap bday itm!!!! … 
...by giving $440 million of it to a dodgy, business-run "barrier reef foundation' with no tender and no process? for paying $9 million a month for a non-functioning shipping container clinic on nauru? 
you missed your chance to join the health team 
leave the past in the past but history always repeats itself, stay down even if you up 
i’m flying into taipei, which is missing a supertyphoon by a few hundred miles, this weekend, and i’m psyched for the weather. this is accurate, is what i’m saying. 
y'all believe the bruise i managed to give myself while i was drunk on saturday it's the size of a large apple and i am actually a danger unto myself 
one of the best feelings is remembering the lyrics to a song you haven’t listened to in ages 
i lived at the lafayette last year and i’m happy to say that i don’t anymore. rent was too steep to deal with tidal flooding twice a month. … 
i was hesitant about this brush because i am a beauty blender fanatic all the way. however i have no … 
texas roadhouse $ txrh receives lower rating from btig research. what’s the reasoning behind this move? … 
you know what just seals the deal for my annoyance with denny? when he comes back but izzie tells him to leave and he damn near eats her chin off when they’re kissing. 
help me? — its like the walls are caving in sometimes i feel like giving up but i just can’t it isn’t in my... … 
2 new unfollowers in the last week. via 
from rooneys ka to ronaldos matte black lamborghini... sportsmail looks at the cars of… 
#florida is suffering today after fatal shooting. #potus, stop the bloodshed. 
wu tang is for the childrens … 
jesus will save us. we just have to ask. #jesussaves i pray often. included in my prayers are for god to also save #connecticut &amp; the usa. i think we need more people praying. "living on a praaaaaaaaayeer!" … 
me vs the world. 
paranoia about the "death of print" has become a self-fulfilling prophecy where anxious editors and writers have abandoned any pretext of sound judgement in favor of mainlining rat poison cut with drain cleaner in clickbait form. 
i was fortunate enough to have an amazing 50 something boss in my early 20’s who taught me the value of older friends and mentors. she knew what it meant to truly pay your dues, and tried to makes things easier for those who came after. 
such a shame those 2 never got to raise a champ flag. i thought when we got jose for his 2nd go round paired with the coming together of the fab 5 sp’s that we were setup so nicely to win 2 outa 3 maybe 3 outa 5 especially with all 5 of fab 5 locked in contractually for awhile 
20:00:00 |temp: 86.7ºf | heat index: 93.7ºf | dew point: 72.6ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the ene, gusting to 1.0 
eminem shouted out the lox in the smoothest way possible i love it. 
people with blue eyes have an advantage over the entire population of people on earth 
2013 was when i discoverd attack on titan then i read the manga all up tell the uprising arc cause i didn't want to get spoil 
americans want to believe jobs are the solution to poverty. they’re not. - 
"when's the last time you saw a picture of god carved on mt. rushmore?" 
when you have no internet and dont know anyone so you have nobody to hangout with on the weekends, but you still dont do any extra school work 
never been a big fan of em at all but this whole month has been weird for rap fans regarding him, the album was okay but people act like its trash on here like okay means something's bad and then killshot was alright too. people's standards are too high or they're just tryna hate 
my next phone is a galaxy. the s9 is significantly cheaper than the xs. 
please dont say the 2 french teams won 
btw how's the whole situation in that area going, haven't followed in a bit. last i saw was an update from david hays many moons ago. 
we’re 30 minutes from kickoff here at the little rose bowl for west branch vs tipton. the bearcast is now on the air for the pregame! tune in here: 
stop taking credit. it was done on the orders of high court … 
yes vote for the person because of their color not content of their brains make dr king irrelevant 
is anyone at the con yet 
some people are disgusting to threaten a kid. the world today is worse than way out of hand. i pray for your safety and i hope you reported this to the authorities. 
gossip girl gets me through the struggles of life 
cosigned stills is the miami wr to own 
because the truth hurts 
nobody talk to me for the next 48 hours if the jags lose tomorrow 
it's missing a verb and simply notes that the plaintiff or prosecutor in any civil or criminal action brought by the federal government gets to call itself "the united states." … 
the 'kroger and kroger show' needs to end also.... … 
when you are dealing with debt, personal loans can help because they come with lower interest rates, just make sure you can pay off the loan. 
wile e coyote & the roadrunner 
the #colts will be second on the waiver wire for josh gordon. only the giants are ahead of them. 
@ msnbc @ maddow journalism 101, day 1, hour 1. when your talking about criminals, thieves, crooks, liars, grifters, racists & murderers(which is the entire @ gop republican party & most of the @ dnc too)& you don't call them that..that makes you an accomplice to "all"their crimes!!! 
you played great today....hopefully more tad will come down the road. congratulations! 
cup winners! hull city afc just beat swansea in the fc cup final [pro app] 
getting the car washed by the county sheriff for a fundraiser 
the person handling def jams twitter is doing amazingly 
i’m so obsessing over louis being an x factor judge like that’s the show he started from and also !!!! he’s so good at it the feedback he provides is so helpful he’s definitely a great judge 
@ msnbc live with @ davidgura my thought's exactly, where are #corrupttrump tweets about #manafortflipping. instead he's blasting #specialcounsel investigation. so trump not as crazy as people think. he's not trying to push manafort over the #edge. 
i'm a big fan of ron so i guess i can't get over how he was kind of a moody, scaredy-cat throughout instead of his big brave moment. he can be a teen boy for sure but he was better than the movie made him so. fun to discuss the different perspectives though and omg that punch!! 
marxist supremacists want to take away our heritage, our memory, our history and our language, they often try to say celts date to 1,500 bc. when the celtic language has up to 7.5 lexeme exchange distances, 1 lexeme exchange per 1,350 years on average. 
the only #knicks fans spouting that jimmy butler nonsense are mets and jets fans also. i know loser shit when i see it. no thank you l, jimmy butler on the knicks is some old yoenis cespedes ass move if there ever was one. 
i see...good point. i don't believe it's immaterial whether true or false. i also don't believe letting this woman testify to the committee would delay the vote...let all the facts come out and be looked out...let her have her say. good evening :) 
... and not just the media? tune in tonight. @ norahodonnell … 
zombies? but it's not even friday! @tempestadera and i are back on with chris and piers! come watch the silliness and wrestling moves. #twitch #streaming #twitchstreamer #gamer… … 
i’m not watching 
ne: uncommitted rhp/inf trey frahm (elkhorn, 2020) comes in out of the pen and induces a double play to close out the underclass #pbrfallchampionship. fb sat 89 
this is me but im also crying the f*ck out over yugyeom … 
alan sugar is a racist. pass it on. i’d normally say just ignore old racist dinosaurs like him but if the jewish chronicle want to advertise a racist then we should point out the racist sugar’s racism at every opportunity #alansugarisracist #sugarisracist 
parts get a wee violent in the last 2 episodes bit definitely worth it. have u watched the wedding yet?? 
i can see her responses in the dm group, and i could have sworn i’ve see her responses before. 
i was thinking the same thing 
yeah way to ruin the fucking hype. this is why you werent invited to dennys after we finished with andreas lol. 
fire pro 14u gold finished in 2nd place, finishing 5-1, in the usa select elite tournament! playing “fire pro” softball together, the right way! proud of you all!! stay ! 
thanks babe, but the only queen i acknowledge is onika tanya maraj … 
eternal (decrepit, diseased, decaying) sunshine of the conservative mind 
they were decent last year. i have the jags and kc going to the afc game 
bruh me and my sister just sung the shit outta this i'm screeching sksksksk … 
that summer internship really paid off...now i’m doing marketing for the collee of engineering at school 
oh, how my heart yearns for vengeance against the cruel god who hath created me, also come to the hannaford deli and try our new nashville buffalo chicken for only 8.99 a pound 
obviously, we don’t get very far as the pull of the past and existing mindsets are challenged and evaluated. true innovation, however, generates a lack of understanding of, and focus on, the things that are unique from any other type of “good learning”? 
it’s been a short detour into the mountains of new hampshire — but i’m so grateful for the glimpse of beauty. 
how about the 65 women who came out in favor of #kavanaugh i thought the left believes all women's voices should be heard? 
when someone else, overcome with the quality and sensual pleasure of your cooking, volunteers to do the dishes. … 
it's absolutely absurd... it's the sleeper.... it's supposed to one-shot!!! maybe lower ammo count but nerf?? come. on. 
7? idk depends on what the replacement is. 
thoughts on the dragon prince so far: hell yeah, look at that dragon 
we are playing clue based on a high school party in the 80s when a federal judge was in his teens. does anyone really take this seriously? 
ugh. these are the ugliest dresses i have ever seen. they are even worse than the ugliest ugly dresses from 1989. everyone looks like they are superhero villains dressed in reynolds wrap, with football shoulders, while using lasers for accessories. #emmys 
what does under oath mean for kavanaugh??? he has committed perjury 5 times already!!! how is anyone in america suppose to believe him! and besides look at how he feels about your alaska!!! don’t let the women of america down!!! 
if @ floydmayweather takes the belt will he then defend that belt … 
this may be the best review of anything ever! 
@ magnoliajill thanks for the retweet. have a great evening 
same except for today for the first time ever. ate a bowl of fruit and fibre for dinner then put on a clay mask so that i couldn’t eat anything else 
cats are so many bots following me i love waking up at 8 in the morning. 
#askally imagine all the photoshoots u'r going to do the next months, i can't wait @ allybrooke 
“unchecked abuse of power”. that’s what the previous administration did as it spied on its political opposition. 
ranting/venting in the car is one of the best things ever i’m happy i have such amazing friends 
depends on the person who gives the $50 … 
so now we’ve had a young lady murdered while golfing to go along with the young lady that was murdered jogging! we’ve taken christ out of everything! man has no moral guidance when the bible is removed! liberal progressive society is to blame! men follow jesus! he is the way! rip 
@ cheetosantino on ig stories speak i’ the truth. 
aaaa we're so close to the big 100k!!! thank you all so much! <333 
being with kids for a long time makes you say sentences you never expect you'd say: kevin stop spanking da bread kevin dont kick the bubbles kevin dont bite my scalp 
marco rubio demands doj investigate john kerry’s rogue diplomacy with iran … via @ breitbartnews ;after obama lost elections, he went 2 north korea before trump's negotiation team got there!obama did the very same thing as kerry! clearance may be in question! 
it may well look better once finished, once the whole house is done & the paint dries 
>muteki shogun finished giant chimatsuri no buredoran >chimatsuri no buredoran is a gedoushu >gedoushu are youkai >muteki shogun belongs to the youkai-fighting kakuranger connections! connections! 
i'll be gettin up to mischief behind the decks at my favorite spot in vancouver this saturday. @ dmvancouver showcase is hitting the @ redroomvancity crowd with another one. free tickets are… … 
30 million people died in the holocaust. if you don't think this president would murder brown-skinned people in this country without a second thought you're among the dumbest people on the planet. the man is a psychopath and is devoid of empathy. this is how nazi germany began. … 
buy something that’s the same price as my rent? lawl 
and then there are the folks who think trump has integrity.... 
20:00:00 |temp: 85.7ºf | heat index: 92.3ºf | dew point: 72.6ºf | rain today: 0.00 inches | wind: 0.0 mph from the wnw, gusting to 0.0 
@ 91tavares took all of 5 min to score his 1st for the leafs! first of many this year! #tmltalk 
well said. don’t engage the children. ignore them and move on with the people’s business. this whole charade is a gigantic waste of taxpayer money. but since when does anyone in washington care about the best interests of the taxpayers? the deplorables that pay their salaries. 
i’m a big proponent of letting the players make money off of their likeness. it’s just comical that a school that profits that much off of sports would thumb its nose at players getting paid. 
i don’t feel happy most of the time, it almost feels like i’m pretending 
you keep answering me that means that you care .. actually im the one answering you , #mexicanhater you are big brother material dont do anything that needs something fisical or puzzles .. 
sioux city goal!! #14 sean bunting 1:54 into the game! 
the tab snapped off my beer can so i had to get uh, creative. i still can’t believe this worked. 
i’d be far more inclined to play denzel at the 3 and use jabari as a 6th man. 
love the hammer, really hoping he can make the griffin’s line-up! 
ice official still won't say if he'd send his kids to the migrant family jails he's defending … 
come see me perform october 25th ! a little info about me that most of you don’t know growing up at about the age of 13 or so and throughout high school, i was a member of this amazing dance... … 
portion of i-95 in the pee dee to close due to flood threat … 
out of curiosity, did n.korea agree to discontinuing its nuclear arms or that they would not build anymore missiles? just curious because depending on how the agreement is stated depends on what they can get away with and not have the united states declaring war. 
theyre really bridging our worlds together with music like what the fuck thats so amazing 
amen...so very true....the denials of the dangers makes it problematic 
cities and municipalities are not the only ones who face the financial burden of the opioid crisis. in 2016, large employers spent $2.6 billion on opioid addiction treatment and overdoses. via ^michaelg 
not sure you would know a fact if it hit you in the face, you are so delusional. reason or truth? clearly, you don't know anything about either. gullible little soul. 
my professional thoughts are no, it’s not an employers responsibility to ensure the employee is following the rules. as both an aviator and airman the air force will (rightfully) discipline me for violation of standards. any assistance for substance abuse help is out of ... 
you have to set it all up before the game, bro. check your dynamic tactics. (o; 
be ready everyone next week starts the trump administration 10% tariffs and by the end of the year they said the tariffs will be at 25%. 
how sweet of you thank you for the concern 
mccaskill to vote no on kavanaugh confirmation via @ politico 
the only time i block people is if they have done anything to me or if they are annoying me 
#ohgovdebate jeopardy: this candidate won the first ohio governor debate tonight. who is @ richcordray? 
i think we'd benefit from having a latinx candidate there. i don't think we'd even have to even worry about the seat if we had a latinx candidate. it isn't just about candidate policy it is also about fitting the district. 
i’m always surprised when ppl follow me because i make a quality tweet like one (1) time a month and the rest are just me blindly clicking send tweet and hoping it’s not complete garbage . 
the ost is so beautifully haunting on #adiya luuurrrvvveee ittt … 
// ah the feeling of worthlessness is back... i hate asking this but i really feel like this character isn’t worth shit... some feedback/criticisms would be great help but i don’t wanna bother anyone 
cdvs is at glen eagle tonight for the caledon opp classic golf tournament, honoured to be the recipients of the proceeds from the tournament...love our police partners! 
ana is the sweetest and sawyer ugh isn’t he just perfect?! - how was your day? mine was wet and windy here in the uk there’s a big storm so we’ve had heavy rain all day with high… … 
it’s the little things that make our @ adla_dli teachers happy… butcher paper and scented markers! shout out to one of our excellent dual language immersion teachers, mandy, from @ allsoulsla ! 
hi alf, can you clarify what are the problems associated with moles undermining a river bank? 
holy shit this is the footage of his doppelgänger being born 
2 divided by love can only be 1, cuz 1 is the loneliest number #mathsingalong 
day 2 started off with incredible coaster” and #isaacmoto was trippin. @disney california adventure park … 
and the trump rally tonight at 10 here on the east coast that would be like 6 o’clock in vegas. 
@ joycewhitevance protect the white house . 
the best tool !! 
my favorite video from the b2b’s ganja white night & @ nomes_inur_dome screaming “where’s skrillex?!” 
you do know that judaism has been in that land looooong before islam. i have been trying to find articles that say different but just about every search shows judaism as the original religion of the land. 
you know what this guy, the media and its “anchors”, senate democrats and democrats as a whole, have in common? they’re all working on conjecture because dr. ford is providing no corroborating evidence. at least he is open about playing amateur sleuth. 
the twitter equivalent of the stain that just won't wash out. 
im following the rules king 
finally got around to making my text notification sound the star trek tng communicator beeps again. it feels like healing from the fire and sounds like i can't possibly have ever had sex 
10 tips for teachers using the station rotation model … via @ catlin_tucker #edchat 
some friends are just temporary on another note, i'm watching get out for the first time ...... with all the lights on 
prof. george church - the project to map the human brain via @ youtube 
the storm has passed, let the clean up and healing begin. 
drag all day all the time ,,,have 2 1gold 1 black 
stop moving the timeline!! enough is enough!! quit it!! dems are playing the republican party!! #confirmjudgekavanaughnow 
now the vogues - "moments to remember" 1960s pop rock soul 
in his statement today’s at #sc meeting @ belovedaden confirmed that there was only one path that the #sc could follow on the yemen file - support of the un-led peace process based on the three agreed references 
did you not watch the video pure sapphire doesn't scratch at a level 6 
competition for 50,000$. we announce the winners! - hello!mobile share competition with a prize fund of 50,000$ has come to an end and it&#39;s time to announce the winners. the most active users w... 
"andrew gillum's running mate claimed jews 'nailed' him to 'the cross' after he lost student government election at harvard" #antisemeticsocialists 
“assessment and exercise intervention for the flexion intolerant and disc-injured low back” dr. phillip snell, toronto, nov.17-18 course that includes mckenzie / mcgill like application principles and exercise prescriptions for this client. see for detail 
i have secretly been hoping for the apocalypse so i can justify avoiding responsibility. [via ] … 
the rising sunshine morning 
komachi please don't put your scythe in the refrigerator #jpzbot 
i don't think i could wish the worst on any of my enemies 
repeatedly asking "what's wrong?" after i've repeatedly told you that i'm fine is hands down the fastest way to piss me off. shut the fuck up and get out my face with that bullshit 
if you have questions, please reach out to our support team at by filling out the contact us form. 
shut the fuck upppp … 
by the heart of jesus, we will do something great and generous for thee!" ~ father wilfrid faber, cong. orat., "apostle of london" 
crazy we was just slandering the fuck outta odu football the past two weeks lol 
documented by academy award winner viola davis & julius tennon, julius jones' life hangs in the balance of the oklahoma death row. watch "the last defense" and sign the petition. help us get julius jones a fair opportunity at justice. - sign... via @ change 
as i mature i start to realize how important it is to be mindful of the way you do onto others. something minuscule to you can impact another human being in such a huge way & while we’re not always responsible for the outcome we can choose to be better people. mylifehisimage 
カンテは熱心なpracticing muslimだそうな。a practicing muslim is one who at least observes the basic tenets of the religion such as five prayers per day, one month of fasting per year, 
i just watched #nappillyeverafter with my daughter and it was wonderful a very positive message of finding yourself and loving the skin you’re in 
when i stopped working for georgia, they won the sec & the rose bowl. when i stopped working for @ longhornnetwork, texas beat two ranked teams back-to-back. if you want your team to win, tell them to hire me & then find me another job. 
multiple news organization are reporting that she will give her testimony on wednesday or thursday. they are still finalizing the details like the senators should be the ones asking the questions not an outside counsel because it’s not a trial, etc 
i played the search the waves mini game in paradise island 2, and my score was: 10 #paradiseisland2 
oh yeah i think players in the police or swat team can break into it but, lot of players plays in this team. 
#gators with a safety, cece jefferson with the tackle in the end zone to record it. nice time for florida captain today to show up. 
i, cirno, am the strongest fairy. #jpzbot 
i’m at 5 below and i see ac amiibo for $5. the sad part is i can buy them for even less at gamestop. 
a live look at the offensive line play so far for the vols ... now just gave up a safety. 
there it is. no offense means cubs pitchers have to throw no hitters. here's to crown regal. may it dull the pain. 
lmao, you're the gum to my ball 
if you see the result you say excellent performance but that only tells part of the story. 
@ frankturner channeling his inner @ maxkerman @ arkellsmusic love the love between these two guys!! @bovine sex club … 
anything on the latest trump's tweet about dr. ford? 
at the ground the kicks from reynolds were terrifying - i don’t know how anyone ever catches them 
nothing will ever beat the fish and chips place in waterloo called fishcoteque 
it's so important today that educators hats are easily removable to fit the situation each student brings into your classroom!! after 45 years as an educator i have worn so many hats in order to meet the needs of my students. i have loved every hat! 
it’s literally the opposite of rosé even god knows … 
i just got matched with this guy on tinder and he has the prettiest blue eyes ever 
said the man accused of sexual assault 19 times. 
lead 
it's "oh, #florida! the newsletter," zipping into your tl like a guy who converted a jet ski into a scooter! - 
oh i failed that saving throw the instant i started trying to do art! 
this falls under the "i meant to say, 'wouldn't' " defense. … 
the fact that this was in baltimore 
the #911onfox season 2 premiere starts now!! @ 911onfox @ imangelabassett @ oliverstarkk @ aishahinds @ rockmonddunbar @ thereal_jlh @ ryanaguzman 
the word of god is to be a lamp to your path and a light to your feet. it is your privilege to walk in the light and to grow up to the full stature of men and women in christ jesus. this is the sanctification through the truth. 
why, the hell would someone who everyone already hates for seemingly no reason fake a pregnancy that would get people to hate her more. there are pictures of her in the hospital with him 
the cold part is, i'm not sure if he's as effective here because defenses would just exploit or sorry linebackers and secondary. we're like that dyke that's always got a hole in it...no matter how you plug it, there's a leak somewhere else. 
last night when i let my brothers dog out she pissed in one of the hallways in the apartment complex and i just left it there and today i saw footprints coming from it cause someone walked through it thinking it was just water 
nice day this man is money in the bank 
we out here having the time of our lives yall 
what happens legally when everybody has unclean hands? the case is tossed out. 
i do not believe senator hatch tried to control any woman's body in this investigation. the case is not about that anyway. 
is it too early in the year to turn my heat on?? it’s chilly and @ evan_farrier isn’t keeping me warm 
the devil will test the fuck out of you !! but you have stay strong 
ifla is concerned that the ossification of higher education institutions, knowledge management, you can sign up here 
bring me the horizon-can you feel my heart live at royal albert hall via @ youtube @ ajperdomo watch this performance...wow 
sunday night at the garden, only pre-season but i can't wait. 
i had precisely this thought about 10 years ago when i created my twitter account. it's the first one. … 
mom brain will never go away because it comes with the super woman powers! you are doing so great babe! high five 
you are the arbiter of nothing! 
and there’s the deflection. just like a good trumpster. 
what do they have on you, or how much did the promise you? 
why don't we just tell him the truth? 
okay but like rachel and nick deserve the whole world thank you 
honestly hate walking in dtla and smelling the dried up piss... shouldn’t be like... 
let the fbi investigate.... 
this story doesn't pass the smell test. not for me anyway. 
production bugs happen. keep your cool, work as a team. fix professionally, minimise damage. understand what happened. improve the process, so it's much less likely to happen ever again. move on stronger. zero "blame". … 
#nowplaying: mark sherry @ marksherry / @ outburstrad - the outburst radioshow episode #579 #temporadiomx 
btw nobody seems notice something important of the comment 
one possibility for cooper cronk not yet discussed; a rotator cuff contusion (bruise/cork). would fit the mechanism of injury (direct contact to posterior shoulder), can cause short term loss of function in shoulder. pain & weakness often settles in 3-5 days. would be best case 
who breaks the most on the cast? 
congrats @ musportbiz on 10 years running the rawlings sport business management program @ maryvilleu. you’ve changed the lives and careers for hundreds of students in your tenure. cheers to another 10! our students arranged for jason to throw out the 1st pitch at busch stadium. 
that's the last picture taken of my dad when he was well. i'm sorry you're hurting 
yay! i was hoping it was requited. that would have sucked if she laid it on the line like that only to be rejected. :d :d 
save the whales — again … via @ humanesociety 
such greatness in honoring freedom, freedom of religion, freedom of speech, civil rights that actually work. not the political left approach that always puts someone down and hinders all over time. trump has not taken one action that favors one american over another. #maga 
i joke a lot ab wishing i was back in oneonta but honestly i miss more than anything all the amazing friends i made there 
fact is, serena was not penalized for being coached. she got that for free. she was penalized for smashing her racket (dangerous) an slandering the umpire (outrageous). just please tell the truth. 
hernandez earned a bs in electrical engineering from the university of the pacific in 1984 and an ms in electrical and computer engineering from uc santa barbara. 
new "living donor stories" episode going live tomorrow afternoon at 2pm on the forever is tomorrow foundation inc. page... #donatelife #kidneydisease #dialysissucks 
know you’re tired of the usual 
it was really good.. i’m just scared to see what the next episode is about. 
falling asleep in the first hour of a four hour class, ope 
yes except when the world is laughing .. 
the view? more like the pew! 
been on the platform for a year b4 i knew it 
that a girl kamala, dirty pool all the way!! true colors right? yours i mean. 
worry not what deluded fools tell you of sin. the allfather cares little about sin. go forth. be bold. fight often. odin will be pleased. he is the god of warriors not footstools. let slaves kneel and scrape to the god of slaves. 
love trump! maga! 
nail the black guy but not the white guy because it happened so long ago he was a poor little rich white boy trying to become a scotus justice! some freaking justice! only blind for rich white men! that means u poor ass white women welcome to n*g*rville! 
the dreamies are literally all older than me or one year younger than me and yet i can never think abt anything like romantically with them lmao anytime i imagine them in my head i’m like making breakfast for them and like cooing at jisung bc he’s adorable or smth 
no ! he looks like the smallest member of the bts. … 
congratulations to @ collabelle for being named a 2018 innovator in health awardee by @ nehi_news 
more updates to the signing & verbal database! send yours in.... … 
kavanaugh on the "devil's triangle" yearbook entry, to which @ michaelavenatti also attributed licentious 
the maps haven’t been updated since 2001. … 
zack so close to freedom from the questions about heron getting the waiver? 
do you get the feeling that this is a last ditch attempt to smear him, like they’ve not done enough in the last two weeks? god help us all if these evil & hateful people ever gain power. 
i’ve been looking at houses the past few weeks, i’m so ready! 
if i can’t make it with you i’ll make it without .. they say take the good with the bad i’ll take it without .. 
folks will try to link up with you to give the false impression they was apart of your mission. it’s rough out here and delusions are at an all time high. 
@ realdonaldtrump @ thomas1774paine @ inthematrixxx @ jackposobiec @ mitchellvii ohhh look you should see what is coming out about the “accusers” this one was even sued for defamation of character. she is busted. … 
sorry cant hear u over the sound of travis n thug … 
the #sgvcog planning tac will meet tomorrow, sept. 27, at 12 noon. the cog's recommended list of at & flm projects to receive measure m msp subregional funding for the 1st msp 5-year plan will be on the agenda for discussion and direction. this tac meeting is open to the public. 
omg!!!! the moment you check your blog insights to find that you’ve had over a 100,000 views! thank you so much to everyone who continues to look at my blog!!! i know stats aren’t… … 
this is a dream. look at the carbon cost of that product. packaging, transport, waste and then nutrition levels. ok so your affluent. around 90% of the world doesn't live like you. this is not the future. it's some preta end game while we consume the planet to death. 
there is two more victims allegedly. they sent in anonymous letters. one to corey gardner & the other to sheldon whitehouse. 
the students demonstrated #teamwork to create the longest paper chain with only a few materials! the ladies with a chain of 185 inches were the winner! #p2 @ 
this is the twitter equivalent of dividing by zero tbh. … 
some people need the shit slapped out of em... … 
glad to be with @ artworksproject and case art fund discussing the role of photography and change. here - lina sergie attar of @ karamfoundation on the role of cameras in syria. 
thanks for joining us! hope the school year is starting well for you. 
that's true, and i don't actually agree that it goes against that particular policy as far as i understand it, but the main implication here is that the guy was fired for being a white nationalist, which is very unlikely to be even remotely the case. 
how? had the letter been given to the committee when it was received we wouldn’t even be here. @ senfeinstein had the responsibility and position to do the right thing and failed to do so. had she done the right thing this would have already been investigated and findings known. 
yes this reverse racist never let the judge answer.. you know how hawaiians feel about howlees … 
@ lucy51551470 here's a quick shout to her. if you are a fan of cameron dallas or any of the magcon boys, you should follow her. she retweets a lot of their tweets. 
look at the absolute total lack of credible evidence… due process of law… the truth? this woman was emotional and credible but had absolutely no no no no corroboration for her story while mr. kavanaugh had character •credentials • real commendations • consistency>she exposed 
my mommy always takes me to the symphony. you niggas are weak 
a significant challenge many real estate investors face when starting is their own lack of confidence when it comes time to talk to a motivated seller. but when the phone... … 
i just signed up on the "curiosity fest 2018 volunteer sign-up" page for set up for event … via @ signupgenius 
i’m so excited! i bought new hella inexpensive prescription glasses for the first time in 6 years lmao. about damn time. 
the dictators and despots of the world have more class and are more ethical than the democratic party in the usa 
let's go miami.. get the w.. #canenation #goyoung 
looks like humanity discovered the decimal system #jpzbot 
after the gender bend terry bogard this really isn’t all that weird. 
fuck all the way outta here 
the senate judiciary committee and the media all should be ashamed since there was so many other ways to handle this matter. without collaboration, unknown when or where it should never have been senate or tv soap opera ! sad 
i understand showing sadness about his family’s situation. i understand being vehement about professing his innocence. yelling, throwing a temper tantrum, interrupting the senators, saying this is all part of a clinton conspiracy... that shows a person who is unfit for the sc. 
the old core of downtown+ucr+the areas along the old pe line to corona has decently good bones. everything else, yeesh. 
man don’t give me more reason to bet on the vikes i almost went the entire day without placing a bet 
don’t throw no brakes into the equation 
@ ronmacleanhth why is omha not allowing unionville house league players to play in the north york select league that they have played in for more than a decade? #letthejetsgo 
we agree and if he was jesus, buddah and mother teresa all in one, he would trashed by dems the same americans are not stupid. they say they would never use ford in that way, look at the way they did trump. 
@ mikecrapo thank you for seeing through the democrat circus and voting to move judge kavanaugh?s confirmation to the senate floor! 
its sickening how quick men can move on after all the crying and begging for his woman to stay. 
that's interesting -- i didn't know about the lubricant factor. what i forgot to mention earlier is that my mechanic also told me that when there's less fuel in the tank that there can be more condensation, which we don't want. (automechanics are not my strong suit though.) 
wincache_rplist_meminfo() : retrieves information about memory usage by the resolve file path cache … 
so glad i have close friends that are boys cause y’all ain’t shit & i see the lies y’all shoot 
tdp resisted and demanded that the centre fulfill the promise made in the act, it constituted a task force on december 7, 2016, to relook into the issue. #kadapasteelplant #apdharmaporatam #cbndharmaporatam #nrtdpusa @ timesofindia @ timesnow @ republic @ aajtak @ bjp4india @ gvlnr 
feel like we've got our own young legend in @ jacobstanek and i'd love to tag the great ralph freso, who i get on loan for non-ap nights, but i doubt he's joining twitter any time soon 
high five if you’re ready for the game. 
bill bennett: where was the liberal outrage over ted kennedy? - - @ washtimes did anyone ask him how many beers he drank? i don't think so... 
im tired of the construction that goes on in the city i live in 
make that 21-0! shs over lbhs! #nolenation is making homecoming a great one! @ shsstudentsss @ nolesfootball_ @ shsnolescheer keep the spirit up!!! 
. @ votemarsha this tn house rep is running for sen bob corker’s senate seat. she rarely posts accomplishments, but mentions schumer all the time. not once have i seen this man in our community or read about him in our local news. it’s time 4 her divisiveness to go. … 
i am on the verge of doing a huge social media cleanse 
amber heard must be the person on the social media with the most blocks lol well anything to keep the illusion, she cannot do nothing wrong... ugggg 
shows just how bad the d has been for years now. i'm always amazed benning actually played d in the nhl with his assessment of them as pros. i'd take forsling/hamhuis over edler/tanev at this point, and those are his throwaways... let alone the mess in net... #weisbrodcurse 
yea but i don’t plan to remain single forever so i’ll eventually encounter the same problems as you! no one should be made to feel powerless over their own accounts and money!! 
it's almost as disgraceful as being laughed at by the entire un and more than 50% of your own country. 
star’s shine in the night time. 
gov uk spent 9 mil of taxpayers money to keep its eu gravy trains for its chosen few & lost then spends 2 years trying to poison its majorities verdict so we get a lousy deal maybe they are right the uk establishment is no longer fit to rule anything even ourselves … 
exploring the lmu campus. 
because to them, the end justifies the means. and they want to save all the helpless little babies before they're born. after they're born they don't care. … 
nick, can we open an ice cream parlour together where large tvs are mounted high on the wall with live video footage of the inside of the freezers showing the ice cream and labels? 
that's fair, but we don't know what happened. i'm not about to pretend i'm certain one way or the other. but i am certain about the other (current) character revelations he has offered. and that includes his unnecessary lies. 
afraid? lol of what? more like sick and tired of demo craps like the rest of us … 
haydn ellis will be remembered as the plato of our time. 
i’d say on average you’re a cinnamon roll and all that cinnamon and sugar holds the flakiness down and keeps you so lovable 
@ jvn might be my most favorite person in the world and i've never met him. 
@ giantfood its all the time usually have to look at dates so many things old on the shelf its rediculus but my family still goes back 
great factual reporting... "of the incidents at sea last year, the worst involved iranian forces capturing and holding overnight 10 u.s. sailors who strayed into the islamic republic's territorial waters." pretty sure that incident happened in jan 2016. #fakenews 
wait. was the shameless character sammy based on this samantha? because they really are scary similar. #shameless #lackofboundaries #mentalhealthawareness 
did you know mark judge’s book says he worked a the grocery store for a few weeks to raise money for football camp, which was august 22nd. 
tammy davis ( owner) and eduardo (manager) do a great job educating and helping members achieve their goals. the facility is clean and has some of the newest best strength and cardio equipment in the omaha area. 
big difference between the dodgers celebration and the brewers. … 
sometimes i curse the manners i was brought up having 
hello, i hate to hear your install was not completed. let me look into this for you. please dm your complete service address and the name on the account. -dawn 
my hair is at the awkward length where it’s still too short to do certain things with it, but too long to do other things with it. fuck man 
clearly not the best qb we’ve seen to date. 
mom might not be on the christmas list this year. 
well @ hizzleguy has well truely fucked my soul in that xman chop chop set and its probably the fattest thing seen in my life, front row mental the whole timeeeee donny 
tama she's, the best 
we won't mention the destruction to glesga that you cause c everytime ye visit 
i do like the color of your frame. whole scheme really. 
copy-and-paste sometimes causes a java function in the background to throw exceptions until you restart 
i'm so hoping this isn't the end of him in a seattle uniform. #class #humility … 
if the titanic really hit an "iceberg" then how come no pieces of the iceberg were found... 
the hope … 
if yelich hits a 2-run homer tomorrow he becomes the first triple crown winner in the nl since 1937. how much fun is tomorrow going to be? 
send me the tickets! 
that's the one, yes. a certain r marx is on there lol. (it's a rocking list though, loving it) 
absofuckinglutely!!!!the whole lot of'em!!!!! 
omg goingsoft hours you’re the cutest 
no, i'm pretty sure the fbi doesn't realize that. … #comeyismyhomey 
@ kanyewest where’s the album 
i’ll slap yo bitch with my left hand just to let ha know she playn with the right one . 
i am a crows fan and was pretty disgusted by the comments. 
i don’t mind if you at least pay for it in a store that already released it but seriously conducting a plan that is illegal is one thing but not bothering to pay for the album that twenty one pilots spent so hard making is just disgusting. 
that's great news. tell it to the feeling jar … 
pleathe send me the link i’ll love you forever 
oh shit, i read that wrong. i thought you said you put yourself first, my bad. you should start putting yourself first. 
hahaha. well i do get about 5 to 7 miles of walking in every day with my camera. perhaps that drives the beer and stuff. i’ve been doing the walking every day mostly since march in japan, then vietnam and now cambodia. 
since we are being cheated out of 163 games, can we see the scrimmage? 
it's not a "card." it's the damn truth. he is a man, who is white. thats why he's being given the benefit of the doubt in the face of obvious lies. 
does law enforcement dump their other officers when they become injured or ill? no. shame on the police department that dumped this sentient being. #animalrights 
scroll down the thread for a good time … 
me, to the dog: "shut the fuck up, jesus christ." my mom: "hey, watch the jesus christ." 
actually getting pretty excited at the prospect of potentially seeing more of my old #nxt favourites @ konnorwwe and @ viktorrisewwe actually getting some decent shit to do on #raw. 
pointless questions are these. makes me laugh how you assume one change doesn’t impact everything. from qtr time the game was all eagles, stats don’t lie, collingwood we’re lucky to lose by 5. may or not, wouldn’t have changed the end result. 
what is on the docket they are not just doing this because of trump...there has to be something the lefties are pushing threw...granted yeah they hate him...but something smells funny...and it isn't my bulldog... 
top 3 players in the east. kawhi giannis embiid 
lmaooo the “that phone?..gone” took me out … 
i was so excited to make these 3 wigs today & the hair didn’t deliver today like the tracking said & im pissed my wig was included in that ! 
no one has it figured out. i had no idea a year ago either. was unemployed with minimal prospects. be fortunate for the opportunities in front of you, whatever they are. 
to whom do you go for truth? know your enemy and stand for the republic of the unied states of america. qanon. qaonon. qanon. @ prayingmedic. 
i stan taylor also and i know she would be disappointed in your actions. they are friends and taylor supports sabrina because she knows she’s talented so why can’t you? and i can’t believe you’d spread hate instead of love since that’s one of the main things taylor stands against 
i really wanna play rabi ribi again. maybe i'll finish my 0% run's post game, or start a hell mode file or something. or finally grab the dlc and play through that. 
the night is very still. 
so is emily back with the team for good? i don’t remember if they stated that yet or not, i hope she is she’s always been my favorite character on the show … 
from that which is within it, a spider can build a home which can withstand some rain and wind. it can also help to catch and keep food . the god which placed abundance in the spider also placed abundance in you 
if diamonds can be manufactured then when are the still expensive? doesn’t rarity drive drive the value #randomthoughts 
oh my god i cannot believe this we were staying at that hotel right behind the top golf (the mgm signature) and had no idea this was going on i’m so happy for you though!! that’s an amazing story 
i used to think like that , now search for the interview where he talks about their sexual life and jokes about switching her birth control with tic tacs and also he’s proud that bill clinton checked her out on a funeral . 
got so excited that i finally got wireless beats but now i'm scared that someone will just pinch them off my head cos everyone is literally taller than me sooooo now i'm going to have to use the wire :/// 
you worse than the espn broadcast 
it’s never not funny. the remixes were good too 
can someone send me the links to the bv episodes 
every member of the spellman family is born with a twin 
learning to recalibrate your portion sizes may be the best step you can take towards #healthyliving goals. changing what we eat has little impact on how much we want to 
the lefty’s wouldn’t stop about the illegals in cages, until bret got nominated. all of a sudden “what kids in cages? “ we have a dude who drank beer in college! 
ummm why i just see somebody walk straight through the bell tower 
the holy bible you sinning faggot. 
whatz the meaning of thizzzz???? 
you got netflix ? the seasons don’t come in order . just go straight to coven.... you know what. nvm , go you youtube & see a few videos 
or the disappearing debt, or kennedy's *retirement*, kushner's ties with kennedy's bankster son, 100k pf missing documents from kavanaugh's wh years, numerous provable lirs to committee, lack of judicial temperament, aba' doubts in 2005 of his biases & open-mindedness. 
amazon says it will raise its minimum wage to $15 an hour, giving tens of thousands of workers a hefty pay raise this fall. but what about the rest of america? 
because i doubt she truly is one. she makes videos on the internet, and not very good ones at that. 
tomorrow is the day 
some shots of @ nicoosuavee finding the net for the second consecutive night 
oh great. someone gave orange julius an excuse to talk up terror before the election. are we certain he didn’t send it to himself for attention? asking for @ … 
the drama surrounding this show has now officially surpassed the drama on-screen. … 
the fed’s jerome powell isn’t worried about president trump via @ theatlantic 
well #cubs fam very very hard way to lose in the 13th...at home but we can still be proud of our cubbies for great season filled with so much. the roller coaster was well worth the ride and this off season will be fun to see what happens. nothing but love @ cubs 
“very scary time for young men in america” -donald trump this is a slap in the face to women all over america, so disappointing. 
hi tgh! its so nice to see the gaming community come together for such a special donation in during the x runners! <3 
@ corybooker thinks he's the boss … 
what happens in the bedroom, should stay in the bedroom. #instasexfacts 
kaya toast and some coffee from toast box, the only person who can tell if someone's added you to a list lol 
why the kavanaugh vote is even more important than you thought … 
the #presidentialalert destroyed your phone. 
texas tech 25, kansas state 20 (2nd set) red raiders knot up the match at 1-1. 
in the video you said that you can talk about this for hours and i would really like to listen to you talk about this for hours. if you ever have time, could you please make a livestream or something because i want to learn more about this. i now have so much more respect for you 
the best 1 
real pain is season 7 episodes 21 & 23 of the office 
someone said it might just be behind the scenes lkckdkckdkddk fuck 
that dog just stole the show #travismillslive 
so same sex bathrooms and sanctuary city was ok but a rubber doll is a red line in the sand lol 
heather hanging out with the caps fans. well, all right! if you get close to the stanley cup, wear white gloves! 
i cast my heisman ballot for #tuatagovailoa! click the player you think deserves the heisman house vote. ( @ nissanusa) 
the kind of content i’m here for … 
pshtttt... lolol, wtf is wrong with you? yeah, because all liberal hero's want to be assaulted over and over and over again and be laughed at too. kavanaugh is a liar with a vile past, alcoholic and unfit to serve on the sc. foul temperament. 
this is not "peaceful protest" or "lawful assembly"! when they get violent they have to be arrested and they should not be allowed in the capitol building until all threats, violence have ceased! @ capitolpolice @ usnationalguard @ natpoliceassoc @ secretservice 
attitude shows. terribly. need #judges to #judge the judges now. use … 
no matter how many times i watch it, i’ll never be emotionally prepared for the final span over the empty apartment in friends 
under juergen klopp? apart from the champions league what have liverpool won in the last 28 years? 
thank you for the chance to win this 
two of our bright @ seadencoin researchers, emily galenbeck & @ annielhale, showing off what we’ve learned about national #va #telehealth expansion to state-run rural nursing homes at the annual #denverva research days! @ varesearch @ vaechcs @ cari_levy 
dear women i know so many of you who know lots about sports dont worry about the guys who think you dont they are wrong 
so, we’re taking things here back to real life. i love a pretty picture as much as the next person—and insta-stories are fun and all, but i miss the conversations that used to happen here.… … 
thing they have done this year, the democrats should have never ,ever let it be known how they were going to vote, if they had done this, the democrats could have destroyed during the senate hearing, they could have destroyed i.e. judge kavanaugh on his character ,judgement and 
nuketown with no unlimited ripper or 6/6 for the first time in 2 years 
if you get a solid answer to this tweet the response... seems like an interesting discussion 
#expectations101218 is just the beginning of everything. you have the whole world to conquer with your work and you deserve so much, your songs are you entirely. i feel connected to you when i hear you sing, it's like we're together! thank you for making me feel this way! 137 
the national politics has been spiraling down since 2016. 
enjoy this edited reading of jane mcwhorter's book "roses in december." i researched and compiled several pictures from artists and producers whose work i respect and encourage each of you to continue supporting by the purchase of their products & services.. 
this is the most controversial thing i've heard in 2018 … 
i never order things online for a really big event, but when my kid asked for a @ nautica nantucket red shirt for his senior photo i broke my rule. shouldn't have. senior pics are saturday, the shirt arrived today. or, i should say, didn't arrive. wrong shirt. 
gotta catch the outlet fam lol 
rather play fortnite 9/10 she gone claim to the police you forced her 
exciting news is on the horizon for our team! key members of our team have been busy scouting austin the last 2 days and we can’t wait to share what’s in store next for @ garmanygolf! @… … 
your decision is wrong!!what would you have done in the face of wrongful accusations in papers and media. i would like to see how you would have handled that stress 
cnn is anti-american, anti progress and the leader of mockingbird media. 
the wildcats get on the board halftime with a sliding touchdown reception. extra point kick is good and its 24-7 edwardsburg. 
la saison 2 de the runaways introduira topher 
champlin receives the opening kick off & starts 1&10 on their own 35 yard line. 
imagine your ace not striking out the side in the first inning, must be tragic 
a quick promo for a short prequale for the series 11 premier sunday. #doctorwho #doctorwhopremiere #jodiewhittaker 
what bothered me was. why is totty the only aro, is it because of his personality? i don't trust like that 
hope the people remember what you did and vote you out in 2020 
nah thats actually pissed me off bare, why does netflix hate the uk 
tu já ouviu the carters? 
if folks got half as mad about the horrors susan sarandon was driven by as they get as her we'd be in a much better place 
momlan was the real star last night, not gonna lie. amazing! 
i see you deleted the tweet but what did you mean a being a gracious winner? did you lose something? 
but we’re trying to get that out of the game!!!!! right @ nhl? what a … 
@ playstation @ nbcsports do you have the premier league games available on the app through the playstation 4? i have the app installed and am signed in through my provider, but no replays of the premier league are showing 
yippie !! a great day for the rule of law. congratulations for us all !! 
log_reply() : callback when reading the mongodb reply 
changkyun stayed quiet for a while, unmoving as he let hyungwon nuzzle and kiss him, and then suddenly squeezing him in his arms with a soft laugh. “i love you, my hyungwonnie...” he whispered, hands sliding underneath hyungwon’s shirt as his body melted into the other’s. he ➝ 
the wife and kids looking at him like they know it’s wrong. they’d never leave him because, , but i bet they pray every day he dies soon. 
that’s all you got bro? shit gettin sad out here. accept the l already. 
a male american veteran of foreign wars, i am of a folk class who some might call victims. there are thousands of american men buried across the world who fought for fairness. millions of us would never claim victimhood, nor discard our institutions. #political #conservative 
sunset. there's nothing quite like the splendor of a london sunset. 
but truth be told these the sacrifices you have to make to be a boss 
all american bad ass brad lackey representing the red, white and blue!! repost from motodude511 brad lackey representing ————————— #vintagemotocross #70smoto #oldschoolmotocross… … 
hey @ googlemaps stop asking me to review places i've been, but didn't ask you for directions for. that's creepy af. i know you're collecting data on everything i do all the time, but you don't have to rub my face in it. 
ya think these guys are waiting on you to feed them. you're wrong, they're a drawing. they're waiting on this incubated company to give them the product they will be making!!! which is real!!! the most viewed on ideagist global. … 
ooo what’s the link? 
oh hey its still the fat and ugly guy trying to make a point 
@ darrellh8 is the best in the country! idc 
i don't believe so; just the usual- people not showing up/ bbtag kinda losing steam, and whatnot. we had a sizable cf bracket though! no streams unfortunately. 
his wife just has that one expression. 
the polls were fairly accurate. when polling, people are questioned, not electoral votes. take a look at the final tally of actual votes by the people and the percentage is not very far off from the last polls before the election. 
sunburnt lips is actually the worst thing you could wish on a person 
you might wanna watch the show then 
hi denver you need to take jack b quick significantly over the line because they seem to be able to fit through negative space #bchamps2018 
nhl injured reserve may only be a week. so might not be the end of the world … 
game changer mindfulness of the thought “what i’m doing, saying, thinking right now.. does it make god smile?” 
pm me for the details … 
they made a 2016 hot wheel roadster like the one that went to space. they’re all over ebay, but no 2020 that i could find yet 
petnome is giving away crowns, pets and mounts! come join the fun: … 
you don't see to corrobate against accusations, the accusations themselves need to be proven by more than hearsay. "innocent until proven guilty" is the cornerstone of our legal system (and the scotus) and of democracy. 
the look on @ 1303hrj face when i pint out @ kirkherbstreit at the movies.... she would love to talk some football with him!!! lol 
big breast are the best 
dm her now. this is the right hour to shoot. 
"what? stating the truth?" 
you guys, i am just in the most awful of moods right now. 
officially out on tannehill. i couldn't care less about the other injuries, but his decision making is just not at the level of consistency needed for the nfl. 
wake up senator, your def of credible corroboration for dr. f & lack of exoneration by her friends for justice kavanaugh is exactly the kind of biased testimony that allowed a 100 years of incarceration and lynching of blacks in usa. you & your colleagues know it. pathetic. 
guessing you guys were better sports about the holy water. i love that they do both and this was a great antidote to this week in congress. 
i swear to god cedes you are the busiest person that follows me on here nothing gets by you 
the best makeup is your smile. there is no beauty like the one that comes from inside of you. 
walker says if a grant had been sought to renovate washington or lincoln, the district probably would not have gotten a grant due to age of the buildings. 
i think the saints going to win but you cant sleep on the redskins 
then why do i attract the players … 
these are protesters. not an angry mob. you constantly cut down the fbi and the justice department. you of all people shouldn't be talking about the rule of law. you break it constantly. 
cersei: love is a poison. a sweet one, yes, but it will kill you all the same. 
yul, u no get am here o. so bcos bianca is the wife of ikemba she shld not subject herself to the same process as everyone else? even the great ikemba subjected himself to electoral processes. in igboland we don't donate seats. we believe in due process. she lost an election. 
wraith by t.i. might be the hardest song i’ve heard all year, and that’s in a year that has set the bar high for slappers 
my tv stopped being a bitch and started working one minute before raw the universe is testing me 
i can't stand it, twitter gm's are the worst. if it were up to them our entire roster would have been traded at one point for nothing more than a bag of jolly ranchers 
funny how liberals want more government and bigger government, until it comes time for the government to look at them !!! 
sunday, october 7, i went into my dad's room and the light was turned on in the closet. i never turn on this light so it was bizarre to see this. this is actually the 3rd time since his… … 
< appeared to enjoy himself a lot. after some hesitate - since he himself had a pretty girl waiting - the poet cleared his throat, shifting closer to the pair. etta noticed him first and lightly tapped geralt's shoulder to get his attention > 
around the southwest overnight tuesday 09 october 2018 (the mean min temp for the southwest was 10.7°c). bunbury: the min temp overnight was 12.1°c at 05:32 wst. past 72 hours observations the average min temp for october is 9.5°c. 
the left's mob rule mentality … 
he looks like the kind of guy who ends up selling used cars after losing his professional career to alcoholism … 
yea it plus the dlc is probably about 120 hours. worth it tho. v charming 
"the easiest way to unite a group isn't through love, because love is hard, it makes demands. hate is simple. so the first thing that happens in a conflict is that we choose a side, because that's easier than trying to hold two thoughts in our heads at the same time. 
i don't know who the lady is commentating the @ yankees game on espn app but how could you say the that the yankees and red sox haven't been trying to beat each other the past couple years?? this is the greatest rivalry in baseball and arguably in sports 
i think that is the best reason to do anything 
the world is trash but at least we have … 
due to construction, routes such as the 2 were dieselized today (see nfi d40lf behind trolley). #photo #mehva 
just got home cooking some dinner on the grill and turning the game on the tv !! 
is it too early in the season for some conjunto primavera 
can y'all believe jungkook didn't do the shoot dance at citi field 
i'm not sure that i'm ready to see this movie, but the article is a powerful read about the profound, expensive, and deeply weird journey toward #ivf. rt @ ringer fertile ground: the #netflix original movie that’s realer than real life #infertility 
what did we say about murder my child??? but nonetheless this is the shirt 
"i won't fall victim to tropes, maid bait or anything of the sort-" <sees maid kurisu 
my daily schedule would make you tired just reading it. just know my days start at 5:45am in the gym every morning. 
if people are underestimating your intelligence, play the role its a nice spot to be in. - markel 
were talking about annuities in accounting today and all i can think about is the jg wentworth song 
i hear the train a comin it's rolling around the bendhave not seen sun shine until trump stepped in! the lord blessed us with melania the most beautiful gal around she stands with our potus and makes us feel so proud 
2 dudes in the past week asked me if i wanted to send nudes or watch them jack off 
proud to have the opportunity to protect awesome athletes worldwide have your coach or gym owner ask us about our wholesale program and get wod&done into your gym buy directly on our… … 
alicia and i snuck subway into the movies and everyone next to us wants to act like they’ve never seen a sandwich before 
naw i seen it, but i don’t think he catches better than those 3 or see the coverage that them 3 plus julio see every week and still catch balls.. he had a quiet night last night.. 
buy it, fill it with artists, ignore the decay, and bank on the hipster biz magnets. 
walking out the door with one in my hand i said “ashlan tell me i only need one “ she said “you only need one “ so i brought one . 
like i said... too bad they neither had an actual plan, were capable of, accomplishment anything on that list from 2016. i was talking about now. although, i’m assuming it was the same in ‘08 & ‘12 - and none of it got done. now it’s just “duh, we scream and yell at a protest”. 
midlake performing live at the roundhouse, london … #musicphotography #livemusic #photography 
i remember this day! @ yosoy8a came on the field and i knew he was the future of @ clubamerica_en. i remember how proud and serious he would look under those three … 
is that the same sad steel he bought for all of his buildings? google it. 
i mean ariana did say she wanted to release the music while it’s fresh and she doesn’t want to conform to formula or routine anymore soo 
it seems the day i stashed it i remembered what i used the pot for, then promptly forgot again. i am so relieved i want to cry. honestly. the thought of losing that amount of money was making me sick and so cross at myself. 
yes i do live near florida im fine dont worry except for the fact that my school expects me to show up tomorrow. im not driving in a flash flood 
my faith in humanity was restored today. i’ve been going through some sit and wasn’t in the mood to deal with anything or anyone today but to my surprise i only dealt with positivity, support, and kindness from complete strangers. it was a nice change. 
what captivated partners at dreamforce? find out with "the best of dreamforce for partners" video collection! watch it all here: 
so found out i have an ovarian cyst the size of a 4 month fetus. don’t worry. i’m married to dr. hunnell, webmd. 
all 95 of the dolch nouns are here to practice with these word mats! two different sets of workshe … 
the queen is the winner.!!! 
amen sister! testify! the religion whose holy book says 'kill the gays' and regales us with stories of massacres ordered by the lord is no religion of love... 
this is the cutest thing ever … 
“many companies pointed to forming teams that featured at least one member from the baby boomer, generation x, millennial and generation z subsets to create innovation and balance.” 
this is rigged the surveys aren't loading for me and i watched about 20 videos and i got 1 entry 
me going thru my splatoon playlist trying to find something with the same bpm as party rock anthem 
my dog has a bad uti and is peeing everywhere and i feel really bad for her because the antibiotics make her sick and she's been on them for a while and they just can't get rid of the uti but.....now she's wearing doggy diapers and i feel terrible but i'm holding back a laugh 
quick say something that you do out of context. i'll go first: when the old lady leaves i break into her apartment to steal her sodas. #outofcontextlife tag two: . @ kimboweenie . @ zoliphered 
if the twins come to la will u go ? 
rt @ nhc_surge: a constructive and shaft blow job fuck semen shit pudding along portions of the florida panhandle, ball bag boobs, and natur… 
yo kevin, bring more of your peeps to the darkside. (you know, believers in climate change) all bullshit aside, change is going to come fast and hard in the coming years and it is going to get very bad for all americans/humanity. 
i would likely be ongoing. higher education is often created as a strategy that adds value to the end user of a system (those that don’t recall how liberating this feature was when introduced in a short video here. 
tuckin my ears back in my durag on my bodie from the wire shit 
i have a real suspect about how they see us as gamers, these article writers. they seem to think we all get off on watching lara die yet ive never met anyone who even thinks that. i like new lara, so the punishing death scenes add tension because i don't want them to happen 
the blacks. what was that quote about blacks that you lied about? 
when life punches you in the throat and then tries to drown in the bath. all is good, before anyone asks. 
i agree with the $8m mark most are putting out as far as fair value is concerned, but i wouldn't pay that. the braves should be looking for more talent at younger ages, even tho it will come at a cost. shouldn't tread water at key positions and rely on youth. add to the team. 
damn this gon be the first drake song i won’t know or wanna know lmao … 
this is the best i've seen today, it describes my life lol poor lil girl 
nope but we all know i’m good at spilling the tea too 
prepared for the worst , but still praying for the best.. 
was actually considering metros new $60 4g lte plan with free amazon prime then i remembered the places including home where it's more like unlimited high speed buffering i'll pay the extra $15 per month for big red quality on the verizon horizon 
their crinkly eyes are my favorite thing in the world 
love how you're trying to get hits from a mad man who was just rambling and illegal guns yeah sure but even then there just guns but mentally unstable people are to blame that's the problem 
like man the first season was cool but the other ones are just not well made at all 
what truly is the best way to improve your brain health? this neurosurgeon has some ideas. 
hey gun line! no stream tonight! going to hang out and play games with the wonderful @ p0wer0fthechina 
the world's a big place, it's always a good idea to find somewhere you feel most comfortable! 
right went to paris and i feel in love with the language..i have a supplier based in paris and even their emails are lovely lol 
have you checked out my website lately? check out the free stuff in the resources while you are there. … 
in the short term maybe but there’s a rational case long term to a) not send the message to small $ donors that their money won’t go to the campaign they donated to and b) send the message to candidates that they need to cultivate grassroots like beto if they want beto cash … 
god must have had a sense of humour when he created the giraffe. 
international day for disaster reduction: the role of weather prediction … 
calipari's 10th big blue madness speech won't be on the usual big stage. his podium and prompters are set up right on the court tonight. 
my friends are headass to the max 
what if tim gunn is actually michael from the good place... @ … 
nooo. keep the $ stick it out with what you have 
#hardball: trump's not going to wait to 2020 to declare war. i fear what's about to happen is 'blatant hacking' will lead to the 2018 election being 'disqualified'. he'll declare martial law against 'the mobs'. remember 2016 closed to drumbeat of voting fraud works win or lose 
i didn't listen to the highlights not to spoil myself but omg run back 2 u!!!! bassbot got what it deserved im so proud and so happy 
one of my best friends married a racist,climate change denying lunatic & soon after an outspoken fan of trump herself. we just found out her hormones have been going haywire & her hysterectomy is at the end of the month..i wonder if she'll leave the dark side after(just hopeful) 
anyone here do the 50k writing challenge in november? 
we want to send our condolences to tennis champ @ rafaelnadal and our radikal platinum player @ antonioalcinas , both of them top sports personalities from mallorca, for the terrible flooding and loss of lives in sant llorenc, mallorca. our hearts goes out to the affected people 
yob at the garage, epic cathartic metal for a friday night 
yes this is productive. this is direct interaction with the most vulnerable of users. 
linear look of the day! . make sure that most of your garments either accents or creates the illusion of a waist. . this would be a really good look for my rectangle(my magicians)… … 
c’mon vote our nct127 on the show!!!! #nct127_regular_irregular #nct127 @ 
michael and sara are actually the best fucking ship of my entire life i love themhith so much and they're precious and my favourite people ever i hope they have great lives even if they're fictional characters in prison break i don't care i love them both and they are the cutest 
great shot from our final performance with @ pianopierslane and hiroshi ikematsu last night in the auckland town hall! #troutingaroundnz #nzmusic : peter walls ( @ 
ok but who is trying to do a group halloween costume and go as the fab five with me @ queereye #obviouslyimjonathan 
hate and blindness to the truth has you in it’s grip; you empty inside and don’t realize it. 
monster house, hocus pocus, all the halloween town movies, twitches 1 & 2 n many more iconic halloween movies are all free on-demand rn n i’m living bitch let’s get spooky goodnight 
i'm a huge fan have been since your debut on smackdown in 2002 are u planning on being on the 1000th episode next week? i think it would be cool u & @ realkurtangle could do the promo a little different, kurt :who in the hell are you? you:i'm john cena the 16x world champion 
what the hell 
all sound checked and ready for my sold out show at the warming house! you can be at the show online at: the show starts streaming at 8pm central. and i’ll be doing two sets- so prob roughly ending at 10pm. much love to you from here 
i give this one a pass because affleck was the bomb in phantoms 
@ turnersportspr thanks alot idiots, can you stop talking so we can see the pregame and hear the pregame events. it is a special game and you cannot shut up for five minutes 
@ mario_shroom @ lforwinner so i've found a perfect spot for your restaurant! do you remember the old toad café that was knocked down a few months back, the one near the centre of toad town? i can have that place given to you if you'd like? 
he belongs in jail! america you need gun laws to protect ppl from maniacs like that. 
missing turkuaz go study for exams is probably the most mature thing i’ve ever done in my entire life 
he’s on the piss so straight away put it down 
the nectar case is a1 frfr … 
the way he said "happy birthday jimin, happy birthday, thank you" so cute ╥╥ 
i paused it there for the screen shot but he had the road warriors even things up right before the horsemen tried to jump the ropes. i can't remember if this is the aftermath of the car door or when flair broke dusty's ankle in the cage though. 
i have this trinket (equip) from a bfa dungeon called "conch of dark whispers" and i hear weird voices when its effect activates. kind of makes me wonder if that's what the void is like #warcraft 
they are made from literally the skin of the hog fried in oil. very tasty and low carb though. 
i really wanted to hang out with my family at this family thing. then i got here and realized it was the whole family family and now i want to go home. 
@ kysportsradio the appetizer sampler was terrific! now excited for the wings 
i am screaming in the beautifully manicured lawn of a holiday inn 
thanks to all the pcs alumni who came out for our 2018 homecoming! #panthernation … 
as the gg has done nothing this should go directly to the queen. 
once the handshake has come to an end, he will retract his hand as well, and let it rest at his side. afterwords lightly rub his chin; like he's pondering over what to say next. ❝ well... if you are at least somewhat familiar with, arthurian lore, that is where you would__ 
who’s the other brian? 
i love it. the story is piecing together and a lot of questions are getting answered. next few episodes should be nuts 
start your week with a visit to our barbershop and enjoy the v’s difference! book an appointment with the app or online (link in bio) . . . . #bringingbackhandsome #itsaguything… … 
or almost as gross as "leaders and crusaders" of the underground cannabis industry throwing shade at others. 
and brock gets all the credit for wilson’s 2 plays that were under 10 yards in the air but he broke free on? please it’s all the same. you see that shitty pass that bounced to stills? threw right at the defenders back. that goes any other way we lose. terrible decision. smdh 
bella hadid and the weeknd are coupled up in nyc: reports #bellahadid 
well that's great mom, thanks for the update 
honestly, i love the animation, but i can't say the same about the plot. i will keep watching it tho.. 
what business are you looking to start this month? let us know in the comments below. 
yes, it's called ad hominem fallacy and it's one of the lowest types of argument to prove a point when in court. 
hello! i'm afraid we won't point to unauthorised streams of the episodes on this account, but i think sooner or later, it will be straightforward to find with google. -n 
i heard bradley uses his own dog in it! soo cool. i haven’t seen the movie yet, but can’t wait. 
yes that's the core problem but we won't lose heart khan is dtetmin to change the fate of pakistan and it will be inshallah 
@ dbongino the crazy dems are disgusting … 
stop the corruption in #georgia now! vote @ … 
@ thecwsupergirl @ melissabenoist #supergirlcw #supergirlsreturn #supergirl will this be the season lena turns to the dark side ??? 
am i the only one that noticed ? danwake without maggi star is not danwake 
( @ jerkmyego) that soon i’ll be your wife and then you won’t be able to get rid of me. that is, until i get a very handsome life insurance policy on you... you’re the first person that i think about in the morning, mostly because you’re snoring in my ear. - 
invite the tings dem 
#findmax here's why bitcoin is the future of money! 
@ atviassist is it because the game was more popular than expected? servers can't handle it yet? i love the game, blackout, mp, zombies, it's amazing, and i'll continue to play, but the ping is mad right now. please tell me you are aware and have a fix in the works! 
#nflying to start their new one-year project #flyhighproject with live concert on october 20 & new song #flower release on october 26. the band will then hold various events to meet fans and/or release new song once every 2 month #koreanupdates 
2013 - planned an open mic event for @ theroyalblu & j-stone (name at the time) at @ bookophilia great turn out and ended up getting tv press from 
ok it would be a toss up, it would be either the custom gouf from 8th ms team or the kshatriya from unicorn.. maybe the burning /god gundam from g 
looool u think u r being funny but ya home girl doesn’t know the feeling 
question: should the mueller investigation be allowed to continue? both davis and londrigan: "the investigation should be allowed to continue to its natural conclusion." #twill 
if your clothes are hanging on the line for five days, why did you even wash them? 
when i spoke on the topic a metric shit ton of people gave me hate. its crazy 
the best for today. deol family zindabad. … 
@ patmcafeeshow the new prototype for the brand. … 
you know what conversation irks me? when y’all fault underprivileged people who have little to nothing for taking the route to instant gratification. 
bring your gf to visit malaysia adry! — in shaa allah we’ll see how the flows go … 
i remember when he was going to buy #saintsfc back in 2007. still successfully owning two teams ain't bad, such a sad loss to the world. #nfl … 
maybe because you've spent the past couple of years making it all about you & him?? your life disgusts me. pole dancing porn actor who sucks d**k for a living, trying to be some admiral hero?? she has many followers who adore her. they are as disgusting. there, i said it 
answer love myself already made me soft but after the concerts i truly am just a puddle on the ground while listening to it 
actually, i consider gen 6 and 7 to be great looking. the only complaints are the low resolution and lack of animation. the cutscenes in gen 7 in particular are beautiful and kalos, imo, is the best looking region yet. 
you have earned it with hard work and #smackdownlive has the best champion 
another migrant caravan is heading to the us. trump has already taken note 
i swear railroads hire the rudest mfs they can find like “now hiring: rude ass bitches only, if you are not rude af please do not apply” headass 
it’s because these people have seriously never actually listened to someone who really disagrees with them express that they think and why. their only exposure to other viewpoints is via “comedians” who agree with them mocking the other side. 
knew it. should have suspected, considering the perfection of your messy bun. 
congratulations to the lady owls soccer team on their 5-3 win over erie hs on their senior night this evening!!! great job ladies!!! 
throwbaaaaack! you’re the best. i love/miss you soooo much. can’t wait for us to reunite 
why assad and russia target the white helmets … 
i think he has already done that to himself 
so no. living in nyc is not an exotic rom-com. it is a never-ending exhausting struggle of debt and anxiety and crumbling apartments that you pay way too much for, and it is a stark reminder of the disparity between the rich and the poor in this country. 
trump should just post in the times what the going rate is for getting away with murder, treason, rape, torture, election hacking, etc. he’s public now anyways. … 
with his very big brain, it’s so sad that #potus pretends not to see the answers like the rest of us. he’s in a saudi pocket, just like he’s putinspuppet. 
the man literally ask asshole questions to everyone what’s the big deal? … 
it is time for the sacrifice … 
youre the greatest bffie anyone coukd ever ask for and i love you so so so much 
@ geekthehot didn't think it would happen it took years doubted me encountered setbacks and heartbreak but i'm still here did it regardless no matter what i felt it belonged to my heart carried on through the fear 
i love this concept of kaneki being the mad hatter, touka should've been the rabbit 
the bog witch returns. 
i’m getting stared down by somebody son this shits disturbing having to peek out the corner of my eye and here goes 
@ laurenhuppx is about to watch me maul this corn on the cob at the fair brb 
i said this the other day 
unknown artist - the matt show - 2018-09-12 5pm now playing on max radio! 
hahah rememeber when u used to smoke with me back in the day? #goodtimes #hopealliswell 
sorry for the confusion! we'll try to make it clearer. we're adding a price calculator to the page. @ 
i’ll ask the person who made mine if this is any good! i did buy a 1000mg bottle on line and it was 10% it made no difference at all, with this home made one i’ve stopped all pain medication x 
1989, adnan khashoggi , jamal's uncle, sold trump his yacht. adnan's yacht was so luxurious it was used in a 007 bond movie. adnan was the gunrunner in the iran/contra deal. 
going live for the night with some #fortnite alpha tourney play sitting at 799 followers and number 800 could be you! #hellzarmy 
i think you should do the opposite. the metaphors in comics work very well in that way. 
johnny the sloth so my 5'0" self has a reason to beat his 6'1" ass for getting crumbs on my bed 
works on pairs simultaneously including the most major pairs, eg. eurusd, gbpusd, usdjpy, & some exotics as well. 
i can pick up the kids for you tomorrow,too. if your still sick. /my campaign slogan is to be helpful to the amish? and worry about my neighbor. 
ppl are praising nojulz and that other mediocre kangaroo for their "charity work", failing to realize that the reason they even got opportunities they did is bc they are overhyped and fetishized 
y’all , imma hold a grudge against @ hollymarieacm , she gotta the monster jackpot on ball drop and i didn’t -.- 
who else is not surprised that the heat lost their double digit lead 
#nowplaying he looked beyond by anitra wilson on #wniagospelradio #tdneet_enterprs inside the super mix rotation #listenlive | download our app in your app store! 
i'm actually the opposite, was so glad to go back to something larger and easier to type on. the pixel 3 is too damn narrow. 
my tv schedule tonight only has #riverdale and #southpark ... this stroll over small towns usa will leave me time to catch up with the dvr later. 
remember when ninja turtles tried to convince us they weren’t totally high all the time? nice try, boys 
keep up the great work. the appetite for change is huge. … 
if the horseface fits, joy, wear it. john kerry always did. 
#blackadderbot if nothing else works, a total pig-headed unwillingness to look facts in the face will see us through 
#1 rookie linebacker so far was impressive..but #2 across the league so far this season is way more impressive considering he wasnt even projected to start coming into the season behind jaylon smith and sean lee! … 
yes. it’s my understanding that you have to be declared disabled by social security in order to qualify for this and the administrative law judges are extremely biased. i received a denial that acknowledged my inability to preform in my career and most tasks. yes. i have a lawyer 
the outrage on the left is completely hysterical!! the clintons have been doing this for years. 
there's somethin' i gotta say for all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way i been down that road, and now i'm back sittin' on square one tryin' to pick myself up, where i started from 
the woman would lift her gaze from her desk where a few files sat before her. fingers intertwining and back straight, she’d call out, 〝 come in. 〞 awaiting for whoever was at her door to enter. 
wikis at work: “while wikis aren’t the best tools in your toolbox of development skills when working on different projects. 
the laws of the universe: part 1 opens at … 
@ toddeherman todd i love the show and intend to vote no against 1639.. but it does not make u a criminal if someone unlawfully enters your home and posses your unlocked fire arm. i have seen signs and heard you imply it does 
was lookin' at that cadillac, gettin' my dinner from a garbage can, when i heard the runaway boys are back. purrfect 
yasssss!!!!!! so the sansa rape scene i think came out around the same time the jaime one did and the sansa rape seen made headlines....because of “how brutal” and how “it wasn’t in the book” but barely anyone wrote about jamie’s.. 
ah pls their interactions with the dancers are so [] 
why are you lying? prez obama tried to tighten up background checks after sandy hook & the gop majority in congress & the senate refused to do it. no one is taking guns away. we need to implement thorough background checks & close loopholes. and why does anyone need an ar15? 
adams central patriots kickoff to the cozad haymakers #nebpreps 
i really like what @ teachagpsu did at naae last year with charms. the students had to choose one and describe how it related to what they were learning that day. @ fosterdanield 
bingo. the idea that everyone would be holding hands and singing kumbaya without those pesky anglos is laughable 
i pale in the face of your wisdom my dear, but it was so good of you to extend an invitation to submit the article. 
let's not forget, the saudi prince bragged about having president mouse fart jared in his pocket & that jared handed over u.s. intelligence to them...a list of saudi "enemies." was jamal khashoggi on that list?? 
the "to be honest" proves it 
visit the greater portland energy expo tomorrow, oct. 20. test drive #electricvehicles, learn about #solarenergy, and find out how to save $$ on #energy while making your home more comfortable! … 
bout half of the retweets lying like hell lol … 
i'm laughing but i'm way shorter than him jfpdnpzjfoz and why when i search for kim jinhwan on google, the first word that follows his name is height?? the disrespect is real. … 
the health isn't what changed the ttk for example, health is currently 150 and let's say a three shot gun deals 50 damage a bullet in bo3 if that same gun was ported over, it would instead deal 34 damage. 
yes. oh, lord, thanks for sharing the reminder. 
"magic is the science of understanding one's self and one's condition." - aleister crowley 
i hate that sm made rv use instagram the most, the smelliest stans live there. give them the twitter password so they can see our true love and memes 
oh yeahhhh..it's the weekend! sheila chismar this is my fav female rocker!!! <3 … 
and the meek shall inherit the earth. 
couldn’t do this on a google pixel, the back would scratch 
but the reply isn’t. 
we are at the final consultation phase of our review of our school values. could all parents please complete the survey below letting us know their thoughts? thanks in advance and have a great long weekend! … 
what do i ask this biologist? how on earth could the animals survive without us killing them? oh wait they aren’t.. duh 
virginia senator was the vp pick for hillary and his son was arrested for rioting! he talks real nice and his gullible voters believe everything that comes out of his lying mouth! lots of illegal voter fraud in virginia and also many more than our share of illegal immigrants!! … 
thanks for your feedback, i appreciate it. also, you should be able to comment by clicking the “+” next to “view comments.” please let me know if this is giving you trouble. thanks again! 
the best thing about #thehauntingofhillhouse was seeing @ thisislafferty all grown up! also the show is fantastic 
i saw this bumper sticker on a suv this morning. i guess we’ve reached the point where pretense is out the window. 
@ bingdevils that eminem song that the sound guy plays when the team comes out needs to be changed. this is a family event and my kids dont need to hear a song that says fuck and ho 
a tad chilly but excited to play this amazing course the next few days! #winasone #wesupercedesme go blazers 
the missing saudi journalist and u.s. resident jamal khashoggi was killed inside a saudi consulate in istanbul, saudi arabia admitted in a dead-of-night statement from a prosecutor early saturday. … via @ huffpost 
not too bad seen as the team costs 50k 
i told y'all i'm coming one way or the other 
reminds me of the potato bread at giant/tesco. now i'm hungry … 
it’s hard to combat a party that just straight up lies to the entire country with impunity. your party’s entire existence is based on keeping power in the hands of old white guys. as a middle aged white male i hope the trend soon comes to an end. fuck the gop & all who support it 
no matter the color she is, that has nuthin ta do w/ her body/ face structure ect. i understand wut they're tryin ta do w/ her hair & character, but the orig. look from the comics just duzn't work n this day & age. i've always sed that bowt her hair way b4 this abomination . … 
let the shenanigans begin 
stop hiv stigma. australia needs a new national hiv campaign. - sign the petition! via @ changeaus 
i can feel the youtube exposure coming 
oh! oops. so many do tweet while trying to get sober, clean. thx for the clarification 
the squirrels at csun … 
ohh wow! that is absolutely gorgeous!! thank you! my.. how i miss summer & the warm weather!! it’s down to 23f here! 
the self-defence. maurice and firmer faith proclaims the swedes before the peace amid the howl the names. 
gospel of the day - matthew 17:24-27 and when they were come to capernaum, they that received tribute money came to peter, and said, doth not your master pay tribute? he saith, yes. and when he was come into... … 
@ jeffreestar found and purchased this at the new @ morphebrushes store in roosevelt field mall. can’t wait to play. omg so 
i can’t even begin to describe the level of excellence i’ve encountered over the last 3 says. as a result, my life in every aspect has shifted & i’m so grateful for it. #wtalmasterclass @ mywtalconf @ tphdallas #activated 
@ young_hart32 we walk the field like this every game bud. nothing different today. they didn’t want to move, so we kept walking … 
one time when we were little my brother convinced me that our school took the students on a field trip to the yogurt factory and then yesterday he tried to convince me brother nature was dead smh it b your own family... 
my class got an entire midterm moved because of the rain.. anything possible with some teamwork 
the corn is hitting us like billets and i start sprinting through the corn like my life depends on it 
morris loves @ bobsburgersfox too but does not love the wolf of wharf street #bobsburgers 
at the physical capacity to produce and distribute…give it time. 
this is the kind of scifi-esque tech we like. defectors from spacex and blue origin are developing a remarkable technology called ‘stargate’ to help colonize other planets. … 
what i think happened with the whole brother nature situation is one of his homies got his phone and tweeted. mfs loved doing this in 2012 
billy connolly: scottish independence may be the way to go after brexit disaster … 
1 easy lesson from the national party - shut up or be locked up!!!! my gosh they have so much they should be made accountable for!!! how they sleep at night is beyond me. viscous, egotistical, vile... … 
discovered my new favorite band @ lovelytheband via @ joncaramanica bashing them on the elite new york times popcast. 
the invasion is coming 
just passed a red light and the song i was listening to had police sirens and man i squeezed my booty cheeks so hard 
here come the rain again falling from the stars 
the devil is working hard 
tough weekend for my teams, thankfully the #irish didn’t play 
a beauty at the @ 1heartofroute66 museum in sapulpa, ok 
at this stage of our country’s history, having them ,from both sides, serving is critical to our future. they understand the value of the constitution and the republic. us veterans, including many women, seek to serve anew in congress via @ militarydotcom 
oooookay how did i forget the were-panther episode?!? #gargoylesrewatch 
i drop food on myself during every meal. i’m about to finish and at the very last bite i’ll drop it on my shirt. am i okay? do i need a bib? i’m 23 
nooooooo! he is stressed by being continually nominated and struggling in that environment. whilst lewis may have inhibited cameron in some ways, he also facilitated and supported cameron in one of the biggest ways possible #bbuk 
and you’re right, there is much more to this than you realized in posing this question. i also want to mention the importance, also, in recognizing who the labor to address this is placed on, as this was posed to two black cis women to address this in a twitter thread 
screw you @ brooklynnets for being just good enough that the @ cavs couldn't get @ thetraeyoung 
smhos all the way 
#blackadderbot she's got a tongue like an electric eel and she likes the taste of a man's tonsils 
time is of the essenceeee 
pokemon lets go is the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century … 
cnn 10 22 2018 18 33 16 trump's dangerous caravan of terrorists is 11,000 miles from texas. even wearing nike gear, they could not and will not become a threat to the us border, any time in the near or distant future. #stfuah via @ youtube 
is the @ msucollegeofed dean’s hat an endurance athlete? vo2max of 0.01 ml/kg/min suggests the fabric breathes - barely! #hatwillplay 
lol np the convo got crazy in that class anyway 
just got the chills 
it's neccesary to understand to respond to understand the 
snap! jeans are the worst. my stumpy legs and jeans don’t mix. end up having to turn them up 
the hell you going thumbs down for its the most wonderful time of year 
chilligan’s island aka “the romantic weekend” is undefeated. and “all the players came” is up there too … 
3: ok now that this is bs is done, let me give you some clarity, lord ayyapa has taken the vow of naishtika brahmachari, which means eternal celibacy, the rules of this penance are very strict.. brahmacahri can be followed by all irrespective of gender, 
she and two other clerks concluded that the legislature isn’t following the fl constitution or state law 
my grandma always does this whenever i fall asleep on the sofa in her house. allah protect our mothers … 
staying secluded is the best thing for me apparently. 
1. emilee 2. april 29 3. taken 4. 3 for now 5. florence + the machine song & marvel 6. marvel, tøp, the office, hozier, f+tm, homiesexuals, deh, hamilton, & a lot more 7. love simon, a star is born, ragnarok, pobaw 8. im extremely shy 9. most things 
canada cannot afford to take them in, once they're booted out of the us either friends. … 
i was feeling a lil bummed about how my cowboys lost yesterday but watching this new edp video of him punching his door in anger while watching the eagles lose has made me feel better. heh. :) 
national nut day? i didn't know about that either... thank you for the news, omu-nii-sensei. 
it's sickening-- but not surprising. anti-intellectualism and ignorance have always been a cancer in america, and around the world frankly. it's stupid and embarrassing. 
people lie everywhere nowadays because the gold the devil promises them means more than the truth. 
the moment these three turned to show their backs i laughed so hard this made my morning! welcome back to korea! @ 
chris sale vs. clayton kershaw in game 1 of the world series... thank you baseball god 
whoever said that should be punched right in the face 
what the heck?! on my bike ride today. - imgur - 
1/ 2 i think that "no" is too unnecessary because in fact the character rise up of himself against the difficult and that's the reason to remember that amazing movies, and finally the actresses that you've mentioned they are amazing 
i lowkey might go to the fair here 
#connectfourshots is a drinking game in the making 
vlad crys when the band touches down feel free to give a girl a call for a long chat. 
and good grief, i can take punishment far worse than a boot to the chest. 
had a talk with a chineese the other day he said kenya govt is so broke it cant guarantee itself any other loan from china infact unless a miracle happens sgr will hit a dead end at kisumu. and on affordable housing the goverment has been unable to guarantee its financing too 
first time i knew abt @ sonitaalizadeh was bcs she made an awesome collab with @ miyavi_official in his song "long nights". she is an awesome rapper and everyone should support her! please show her some love! also you should check the song. it's … 
he was 18 when all of that happened. not excusing it. but think of all the people in their 50s, 60s, 70s who did awful shit when they were younger. people can change. in a perfect world he's sentenced to multiple years in prison and then given one more chance after he gets out. 
shannon will know how vicky and gretchen felt despite her christianity this is the woman that is her true vicious self be careful ladies always fate will bite hard on the wrongs you inflicted will bite her hard 
i thought parts of it where that(omar’s death for instance). the whole thing is a parody. 
the place has collect u paaaa.... fine man 
you don't have to ask for asylum in the country. international law allows that as a condition, but it's not part of us law, otherwise we'd only be accepting asylum seekers from canada and mexico. … 
if your wheelie doesn't go half track, is it even considered a #wheelie? @ nplewniak1791 and the #twinturbo #dirtythirty at #dragweek @darlington dragway … 
just let me gain a few more pounds in the next few months. 
3. this is completely on gabbert. not even in the same area code as davis. 
hello new followers, i am very much in love with the raptors 
retablos: stories from a life lived along the border - sounds like a memoir worth reading on life in mexico and the u.s. (with some shakespeare and lithium thrown in) via ⁦⁦ @ … 
whatever is another word for what the fuck 
what a great afternoon watching a close game in the @ hillerathletics ac! the @ hhsunifiedbball played so hard. #inspirational #hillerpride . special shoutout to ben with an impressive rendition of the national anthem. @ 
byo food and drink. safe some cost on opening the food vans. all will still be in the warmer at the end of the night still 
am i insane for thinking that david wagner has been over hyped? i mean huddersfield play hideous football. his side was fun to watch in the championship a few years ago tho. 
you ain’t the only one 
#maga is a closerful lookwise at 5 shared imagesful of the caravanful, along with why the claimsful made about them shouldn’t…ful 
love the president!!!! #maga 
she knew she wouldn't be able to really reduce that number to something lower. it's that, or she would have to sulk even longer about her powers. the fact he was keeping her stripper hostage like this made her hands turn into fists. at least she would be still able to come ━ 
all you dummies that are blaming trump get a life hes done more in 2 years than obama done in 8 do the math 
if i won the lottery i would buy a house just for all the doggies. and they would have everything they need. 
ima take my scary ass out to the bar strip friday 
its cool, now we'll see how really feels about the situation. 
@ tmobile revvl is probably the worst phone i have ever purchased. #tmobile #phone #android #technology 
sorry, 30 min. after a, the first train. a is normal, b is scrubbed, c is even later and packed, d arrives 30 min. after a. a 30 min. delay seems like a predictable disruption. 
i’ve just said the same. new it was serious when heard sirens they never have them on normally. ppl seriously need to get a life! 
depression is real! depression takes peoples lives! if someone comes to you and says they are depressed talk to them! you can make a huge impact on that persons life! idk if i know you or not if you ever feel the slightest of sadness come talk to me i will listen! 
didn’t see a round 1 guy over the summer and not seeing any different this fall 
i think a coupled along with the whole incident have been referred for investigation. 
the man literally wants to be president forever. he’s already hinted at it. he would tear up the constitution if he could. at this point all i’m asking for is a decent human being whether they be dem or rep to run this country. 
making some steak, need some sides. maybe some broccoli for the kids. 
the audacity i have to try and give advice to someone about their well being while i fully hate myself is just amazing 
the greater your struggle, the greater the love allah has for you. he tests those he loves 
the most jealous boy in all of the lands allows a wild marley to escape 
then call tomorrow! lol people suck, things happen, but don't let them ghost you. i've been on the other side of this sitch. 
stop undermining the fundamentals of our democracy. also, stop lying - that would help a lot. 
are they in the business to make money or preach the word of god? you can't have both. 
much better performance than the alcs 
a 1793 decree from the national assembly required all privately owned exotic animals to be transferred to the menagerie. 
thought so. the glantaf lad is a huge talent. 
please don't generalize about the right. you're better than that. oh, i'm not a megyn fan. 
we’ve know each other for three years spencer what the fuck 
[11:15 4q]: incomplete pass by peyton vanwesten (#15), broken up by trenton holz (#23) follow the game live @ … 
the questions asked were very partisan, in favor of schiff and sherman who only had to answer “we oppose the president”. i wasn’t expecting such a vocal audience but it seems everyone’s upset. 
the first 
the stimulation is glitching! 
did you make that yourself?! i want to see the whole fit! 
i feel more threatened by domestic terror and the @ gop taking away healthcare. #voteblue #ignorethescaretactics #savehealthcare #votebluetosaveamerica 
lol that made my day. you definitely are now the #1 gym teacher with that outfit. 
if it happens, it will be the very last war, harry. 
what's the best prank you've ever pulled? — idk haha … 
episode 7 of the podcast is now live on soundcloud: … listen to us talk about scary movies, milk, and @ sigtrick eating glue. with myself, sigtrick, @ veen_nc @ thecheese_ssb and @ justjkid 
radicals are more the trend than the exception. i too have had my experiences here in venezuela; i think it arises from the inability of the individual to produce thoughts from their own and thus create a sophisticated opinion. 
should’ve been. lost on the play. but here we are. first and goal. 
friday night new wave is on the air! come join us now at to chat and make your requests! #80s #80smusic 
yianni doesn't know the rules. … 
one of the best, love it. 
i love seeing u on the timeline bc ur always feeding me with not only clc content but also dc content. ur also one of my funniest oomfs and ur the reason i stan clc. u used to intimidate me alot but not anymore! 
psa: if you deal with this much pain from your period it is not normal and you should seek medical treatment !!!!! i lived with it for years until they diagnosed me with endometriosis!! the longer it’s untreated the worse it gets !!!! … 
also huge thank you @ sonomaabg for helping me picks out, and the person who made me my shorts! <3 <3 
the opening for the world series is brad paisley. the opening for the bulls hornets game is robin lopez beating up a mascot (probably). the winner is clear 
yeah i hated being there for all that shit too (“are you a real seminole?!”) but i love the football team even tho they suck rn 
ten years of austerity and that’s what the chancellor offers, get fucked! 
@ thescript_danny what’s the plans while you are in dublin ? 
here's to the weekend, cheers!! (38 photos) … 
send 10,000 troops with live ammo and send some tanks as well. take the first 1000 out and the rest will turn around and go back home. the ones that make it back will spread the word to others. don’t try to go to america. 
@ 2ksupport i spun the wheel and i got mycourt items and i don’t know where they are this happened twice 
bud needs to be in his ear. shoot the three. … 
someone: "they saw my message but still haven't responded!" me: has actually just spent 25 mins looking for the right sticker to respond with 
kindness is truly one of the best lessons of all! … 
well done to @ weststigers on how they have handled all of this coaching business. would've been completely blindsided by ivan's decision but have managed to control the terms and go out and get the best coach available, well before the start of preseason. 
i’m from pittsburgh and from what i hear it was one of the places obama dropped thousands of illegals into. 
fallout 4 modded building livestream "building the largest sanctuary city": via @ youtube 
like the bullet train in california. 
the demwits can't even get their propaganda right any more. desperate criminals always make big time mistakes that get them prison time. 
you are ridiculous... research.. it's the dems that promote violence.. research 
aye girl, i know you like the style and the tendencies, but uh, get over it, yuh 
. @ coachapplewhite on @ deriqking_: "he's everything we thought he could be & more. a guy that grew up right down (highway) 288. we continue to get the great players from this city & keep stacking our roster with guys like that..that want to play for their city..we'll be just fine" 
when i try to be cool,i end up looking so uncool. i end up saying the worst things so moral of the story, dont be cool.just be your awkward dorky self and someone might find that cute one day 
my mom is explaining her job working with the big grants of money for hopkins and i don’t even do that job but i’m stressed 
gave one in the follow up tweet. it’s great that the unis you’ve worked at are doing well already. 
p!nk - a million dreams [from the greatest showman: reimagined] via @ youtube 
i realy dont know if this would mean that the leak is real or fake xd but shadow as a semi clone would be absolutely amazing 
and for the first time in my life, i have an interest in hallmark. 
the airport outfits 
not at all. i’ve had him blocked for quite a while. but because rational disconnect is the most predictable motherfucker, i unblocked him knowing this tweet would be there waiting. and i 100% stand by what i said. @ rationaldis 
definitely not the time he should be tweeting something about baseball.. #treeoflifesynagogue 
when we go to vote, how many of us feel we need to have a degree in law to understand the wording? it's like reading a contract: there's no way in the world you understand the legal-leeze so you go ahead and afix your signature to 'get it over with.' 
they certainly do exist. independents that voted for obama in 2012 voted for trump in 2016. there’s statistical data that backs that up and i know as i’m one of them. moderates and independents decide elections. that’s always been the case. they used called them swing voters. 
i think we all know why usms the only agency there that didnt get a flag 
listen to the queen … 
yes we are because he would have wasted the two minute warning 
watch da close ones, they can be the worst ones 
nothing left but the memories of when i had my bestfriend 
you are the mob little donnie. shouldn’t you be out somewhere shooting an endangered species?? 
i took some sexy vids from the pit 
@ saquon bout to be one of the best running backs in the game. goat in the making right here … 
in #swfl, jobs are tied to tourism and agriculture @ karimforsenate will work to combat environmental catstrophies like the red tide that lead to loss of jobs and declining property values. #redtide #tw @ fgcueaglenews @ ndn @ 
the bartender at escape tried charging me for 4 whiskey/coke’s when i only ordered 3 and though i wouldn’t notice. 
andrew shulz needs to get the boot smh. 
enjoy the two of you 
the place looks peaceful and pleasant just to be in tbh, especially those trees and that nice bbq thing 
“i’ll make sure of that.” he held the straw to lance’s lips. 
me: *goes on youtube to watch makeup vids* youtube recommendation: *a psychopath girl thinks about killing her interviewer* me: *clicks on that and watches for the next 40 mins* guilty 
that one song that starts with the letter “a” that you now hate because it plays everyyyy time you plug in your aux 
say what u want ... all i know is when that clock hits a certain time , ya phone better be down and ya behind in the bed getting some sleep 
so numbers only count when they support the left in elections? do you have anything other than your “gut” to support your belief that cnn is the best? do you think they are better than bbc also? 
is it just me or are there 20 different "national cat day"s scattered throughout the year... i've seen people post about it several times this year already. 
how can bibros take themselves seriously when they are literally the irl versions of becky 
thanks for the free fireplace kindling, @ betoorourke! already voted #cruztovictory #redwave #txsen 
i wanna be the rain 
cardi lit asf in the streets but music wise y’all on dick nicki would end her with one diss line cuz nicki actually writes/good at rap … 
our eyes are wide open now. they can’t fool us. now let’s pray that the rest of society opens their eyes & seeks truth. 
don't slap the hand that feeds. 
the media is in hand of rootless need to stop them at any cost. 
i don't mind paying taxes and have no problem with the wealthy paying more than the poor. your further claims regarding waits are false. what we have now... rich paying least taxes. healthcare unattainable for 8.6% of population and substandard for over 45%. great numbers 
the latest stickpoet's poetica! … #dailynews #nationalcatday 
it’s hard finding a photographer. what i need is 40 images a month for x amount of $$ some lifestyle, some product photos. people will agree to this shoot 80 photos in 1 day and think that’s going to suffice i just have the same image 3 times just different angles smh 
he’s the cutest he always saying hey to me now ! :)) 
i didn’t say it was class but its consistency in the league which is all that liverpool really have to boast also given they haven’t beat anyone yet either beat off napoli if you want to bring up cl — liverpool are solid at the back but arsenal can play through anyone at home 
we will welcome more prosperous times republicans for the most part are good people paul ryan is gone he killed more progress in the house john mccaain has faced the lord for his deeds @ realdonaldtrump is for all americans period he will bring us back #walkaway 
thanks to @ thefarriswheel_ i am rewatching the office for probably the 5th time 
of the following, which christmas song is the best? 
fox network is showing its true colors. the fact that it continues to run the shows of shephard smith, chris wallace, neil cavuto despite conservative complaints, it shows it's no different from the rest of the msm. 
what happened to the old-fashioned fist fight? 
@ jonfavs #tommyvietor king from iowa is a racist, white nationalist but when wondering why he keeps getting elected you said because he comes from a "conservative" district. a district that supports king is racist. why the euphemism? 
dave lee travis bans the clash and nme bans the cardiacs. birds of a feather, dlt and nme. 
i just earned the 'photogenic brew' badge on @ 
happy halloween thanks for the scare yesterday we love that @ 
@ nba2k i appreciate the fact we dont have to finish games in rec when the other team quits, & automatically gets tha w!! #bossmoves 
ethan the town twink gets a surprise when jung hoseok walks into the coffee shop he works at as things escalate learn h… — please block me. … 
update: i’m alive and the they only stuck me once … 
i suppose now would be a good time to go through all the business cards i received and follow all these lovely people. 
oh yes, we loooovvee having breakdowns at the movie theater 
my desk lamp just tried to attack me just now, the clamp must've come loose the last few days i've been messing on my desk 
watching the burbs and i forgot how amazing this movie is. 
when someone's snapchat story uses the big mouth filter 
thanks. simple as that. when i did see her a few times on the show she just wasn’t really a “fit” with those women. my favorite there would be cynthia. i think.... haven’t seen much but i have heard the gossip and fallout! 
i’m sure i’m not the only one who wished they went to sky high rather than regular high school. would be even better with @ dpanabaker as a … 
the band that got me into music i absolutely adore @ … 
just bite hard okay 
mark waid: the 911 report. live. via @ youtube 
i texted my moms today “i know you can’t see the vision, but i need you trust me” 
my dm style: guess the somewhat obscure pop reference and i'll give you an inspiration die. 
you talking about the @ dnc 
and that's how democracy works in the uk. but you seem to be saying that if the majority now voted remain you would be happy with that so therefore you would be happy with people suffering in northern towns. 
i know. it's in the constitution. 
i don't get fooled by these leads anymore, i just expect the comeback at some point 
o.o. looks like some sort feline. it's the catman. 
hell yeah! i’ll b @the dj booth @approximately 1am 
wow ,tweet of the day right here. 
it is a political party, so there’s no need to use quotes and fire up your readers. while they’re radical is some aspects, they are also well organized and the us is currently negotiating with them to bring our occupation of afghanistan to a close. 
am i the only one that thinks kurran is brilliant? pure entertainment! #theapprentice 
brago fam i fucks with u (pause) but him giving big mom that cake was the equivalent of @ floydmayweather coming at you ready to throw hands but he says "nah im way too tired to fight u take the w" nd me in your corner like "dont worry brago i got u bro" n i throw him a redbull 
the face you make as you realize the herd of trick-or-treaters is thinning and you still have so. much. candy. #sadiethegoon #sadiethefiend #sadiethegoogoomuck 
kids: trick or treat! me: yo, you want this king sized candy bars? kids: yes please me: *looks at parents standing at the end of the drive way* me: do a back flip 
bitch we droppin bombs on you whip there like where he go i do this shit for fun but the truth nigga youz a hoe 
i’m glad you think those are basic human rights, many republicans don’t. ted cruz has passed 6 bills, his party has been in control of the senate for 3 years with him in office. beto has passed 3 bills, his party has been in control of the hor 0 years with him in office. 
cheko esm ft. dynasty the king – pacto de amor (official remix) (preview) … … 
i liked a @ youtube video saw: the video game but the scary part is how bad the game is 
@ gopleader here is something to be proud of - wow the gop has really dug deep for this nut case and found him helping the gop. no. … 
made an exciting discovery at kroger today! i just happened to look up on the shelf, and what came across my eye? it was @bonebroths bone broth! heard lots of great things and awesome… … 
right in the feels! huge thanks for such kind and positive words! 
@ abbijacobson good luck tn at the vic! my soulmate @ mtvannie and i were beyond excited to meet you until we realized we bought tickets (back in august)....for your new york event....and not chicago (where we live and are) we’re dumb but we you forever. 
because of the inspiration of @ martysmithespn and all those (like me) living with multiple sclerosis, i’ve committed to run and finish the boston marathon in 2019. your generosity is appreciated. run boston. erase ms. … 
absolutely. the elderly and vulnerable children, ppl with pre extinguishing conditions stand to lose any kind of healthcare which is outrageous in a wealthy country like ours. it's as if he wants to kick people into their grave and let only the strongest survive. … 
"because they have this enormous agenda-setting power, because bill gates and melinda gates are public figures, if they give a speech or if they want to talk to the media, everybody listens." @ peterkotecki what will this mean for their new ed policy? 
wrong! ivanka was a legal resident of the us. two entirely different things. 
i dropped my phone when i was coming off the shuttle bus 
happy birthday mari! so proud of this little girl! everyday i thank god for blessing me with you! i hope that you enjoyed your day! she had award's day last week, she scored off the… … 
@ joesantagato & @ dannylopriore got my communicash () all fucked up. i just said “jeeezus christ” for the 10th time today, then “mm veggies, gotta get my nutch.” oh, and literally everything is fire. fak! 
freddie kitchens is a joke. greg williams is the name droppinist, own horn tootinist, guy i have ever heard speak. what a cluster f*%@this sunday is going to be. this may finally be #rockbottom #browns 
attn: @ realdonaldtrump - “i specifically requested the opposite of this"; immigration to u.s. reaches all-time high … # 
orange sociopath wants the spilling of migrant blood... … 
i have an idea!! how about we start with the giant waste of money on troops to the border to feed trumps attention seeking habit? maybe sensible campaign spending and not bought politicians, perhaps some of the trumps and ilk could start paying federal taxes. 
when i toured in a band and did a lot of... "where are we staying on the cheap" in places like wis dells or tallahassee or... between omaha and oklahoma city, we had good luck with econolodge 
getting full on clam chowder soup is not the move 
i just earned the 'warehouse bar fly (level 19)' badge on @ untappd! #warehousebarfly 
that may the most reasonable explanation i’ve heard on the subject. other than the one guy’s fly was down, but i suppose that’s not a relevant fact. 
it's made in south carolina and pretty hard to find farther north than north carolina, but if you ever see it, get the one with the red cap--it's intense stuff. 
someone stabbed a woman in the food court at the seattle center. 
i'll take your word for it. i watched the trailer and it seemed like such a different show and so uninteresting. i'm going to skip it as well. this is how poorly hoc is doing. at this moment its not even trending on instantwatcher. usually it'd be at the top in both categories. 
i’m told bourbon is flowing. when hoos get going, the bourbon will kick in!! 
law abiding citizen has to be one of the greatest films ever made right 
girl! i knew it! makes me so mad, playing with nina’s emotions like that. there’s no coming back for #valentine , fool. the writing is off there, cause i don’t think he would have done this. shame! #gh 
the latest: (the sugar man pop-up) … #adelaide 
"let me tell you about the night i've bragged about 9 million times before..." 
i am digging the lynn city band playing selections from “tommy” for our halftime entertainment 
thats what i stated.she should ask some christain if she font know.maseeh means one who is blessed with piety from cradle to the grave. @ xadeejournalist 
ignore the polls!!! get out and … 
who is this farrakhan? seriously, why are you distracting us with this? he's not a player on the left. i couldn't pick him out of a lineup. who cares what bannon spins? it's always spin anyways. 
he does that perfectly. repetition is the key to that success 
about to get into the last season of house of cards 
thank you for following up with us, lyn. we have forwarded your feedback to the appropriate team, and one of our team members will be in touch with you. have a great evening! … 
maybe the females lmao the males definitely ain’t 
yo when riley off the boondocks was writing that christmas letter to santa.. yo that had me soooo weakkkk 
i liked a @ youtube video fortnite and chill!!come join the stream!! 
we only say that cause the way they bend to the dumbest criticisms. i just think it's funny how now that there's actual valid concern from the core audience blizzard is like "fuuuucccckk offfff" lol 
i ruin things for myself all the time and then i complain about it like it isn’t my fault. 
the mental derangement is far reaching throughout the liberal insane asylum. 
so you get a seat right after the old, the kids, people with kids, disabled, the veterans, people with fake service gerbils, those on medication, pilots going to their next flight, congressmen/women, anyone transgendering, and snowflakes who feel entitled. 
"those who say that the [state] is powerless to fix us are right...what we have, instead, is each other.” - adapted from peter rollins, “the divine magician” 
#authoruproar @ earthdesires #masterblaster we want to let the world know who you are! … … 
time does not heal the pain , it lessens the pain with good memories. 
there shouldn’t be any doubt in anyone’s mind that hanoi jane would have sided with the nazis during world war ii even her late father would have agreed with the statement 
umm sorry i was trying to call the streamer/youtuber 
only you the platters 
ahead of the midterm elections, democrats make absurd trump claims in last-ditch effort for votes #foxnews 
q: which political party took social security from the independent 'trust fund' and put it into the general fund so that congress could spend it? a: it was lyndon johnson and the democratically controlled house and senate 
that's one for the wall …. 
omg not to mention the fake tan. also: forgetting about dre 
blunt in one hand and the other hand on the steering wheel but i’m not a felon 
yes!!!! but still, new york is out of my reach for now... so i'll just see you and the movie in 
it wasn’t until i finished at lsu that i know there was more to the song than those few notes ! the crowd is that loud #geauxtigers 
and where are the other screenshots of comparison? 
that's the rams' kupp of t(d). 
you are the chosen one delirious! the one and only! 
meeting scooter was the closest i’ll ever be to actually meeting justin and now i wanna die 
anyway, good party of the dead to me! died in from birth. 
someone on the saints needs to be a man and make a damn play. 
oh, you should read it, it is an excellent read. it's about the social and intellectual issues that african americans faced in the early twentieth century. 
i liked a @ youtube video super mario 64 the green stars 
dont disrespect the dog like this 
jeremy corbyn receives death threats on a regular basis and he goes about his business unprotected and that is troubling. he is hounded outside his house by the press allowing any nutter to see where he lives. 
waiting on #rhoa new season to start with the mess 
when the rams are about to win... 
i had three the other night. genuine. 
you know - never really thought about it, but the whole not being able to run until the kick pretty much negates onside kicks. 
paulie has been a standout in current season, first he did terrible and acted like a colossal jerk (truly a high bar on the challenge), then suddenly he and natalie negrotti, his teammate, have started to win and briefly he wasn’t objectionable. it’s been a journey! 
companies have to hire many people solely for #regulation compliance. some companies have 5000 people, just for that. each home mortgage fee goes to pay that. the price of each new us car has ~$4000 in regulations compliance costs. @ stephenmoore @ larslarsonshow #votered 
the one i did is 6”x3.5”, and limited to 4 colours. 
this needs to be turned over to the police asap. if they do nothing, keep calling them non-stop until they do!! 
if the refs would call holding this would still be a two score game. absolutely ridiculous. #saints #nfl #larvsno 
i worked at the urban outfitters headquarters for 4.5 years. it was like a constant bath of pbr 
poetic license usually doesn't take reality into account. if it were @ neiltyson would be on the charts. … 
i love hearing that @ boisepd is moving forward with spanish classes. the curriculum looks great. 
i miss the days when i was studying. they were lots of fun. 
this is the keihin-tohoku line train for sakuragicho. the next station is higashi-kanagawa. the doors on the right side will open. 
seems that @ myfitnesspal log-ins are down right now. that's annoying. even more annoying is how it handles the error, trying to make you create a new account rather than just telling you it can't log you in at the moment. 
alexandria out of touch...proof....blue wave of money propels 2018 election to record-breaking $5.2 billion in spending. the center for responsive politics 
the pure truth. … 
where's the guinness book of world records? isn't he setting some records? 
john, tomlin has had the luxury of a hall of fame qb every year he has coached, it’s why cowher was a better coach. neither of them are even close to chuck. 
people's willingness to eat up whatever the worst folks on earth have to say, simply because they are soothing their hurt entitled gamer™-egos is... distressing. like, wow, yes, kern was producer once. he was also so bad at it that he got fired. multiple times. for a reason. 
we are the presence that you fear the most– those who you can run from, but never escape. we’ve been watching you (; 
the don on the left is the biggest wasteman though. lord knows what vibes he's really on 
china’s president vows to lower tariffs, increase imports amid tensions with us. #votetuesday #electionday. you think the democrats could have done even half of what trump has accomplished? big far no. let's keep things moving. … 
my dog is happy when she eats and i just got her a counselling license on the internet. 
while driving through areas with houses that are widely spaced apart, i saw these mailboxes for the first time. pardon the ignorance but i had a moment of… … 
and y’all spending the night every weekend cause ima be scared 
let's go ahead and set the tone now. fuck duke 
catch me in a chrome lambo, and play let the bodies hit the floor 
so why have the dh position then? they should just say dh position does not qualify for any awards. 
oh then i’d love to connect you! i was going to add more poets to the thread. the anthology is just this one — mahwash is brilliant and has brought together some great scholars and practitioners. i’m writing about afghan american women video artists. i can just email u sister! 
i agree with this sentiment (although of course i love when you visit). the world needs to hold us accountable for our stupidity and tourism dollars is a good way for individuals to do that. 
i just missed the sunset in dc today but bright side, i saw the sunrise in san jose! … 
24 tips for the safety of kids - what we should not do - health education - global health discussion learning and interactive forum … 
i do pet sitting, so it's time for me to hit evening rounds. i'll be back in a couple of hours. don't everyone drink all of the alcohol while i'm gone! 
praying this happens 
today, only a dull-witted fool will vote for a democrat and the united states is full of dull-witted fools. 
now playing jim reeves - the night watch on african revival radio, where you connect for hope 
our dishwashers would love this!! they are the real mvp’s! #cookingwithatwist … 
been home 1 hour from my stress relief vacay & i’m crying at the dinner table! what a wonderful world. 
voting is actually really important but is everyone going to ignore the fact that it's literally a social media clout game 
@ egoraptor watching your youtube vid made me sad in my tummy - ggs is literally the reason i got into video games again and it's helped me so much through death of a friend, an anxiety disorder diagnosis and an abusive relationship (all in the last year.) 1/2 
doubt trump is really a billionaire unless he obtained it in the last two years. he’s a con man on the lookout of a bad deal! 
#ivoted but not before being asked for my sample ballot, then after offering to give the poll worker my name, my driver's license. it wasn't until i pointed out that california does not have a voter id law that she took my name. 
welcome to a new season! as we embark on another 5-month journey, make sure you’re following all the best for your ‘hoos info: @ stl_uva @ iftonytweeted @ cwdarney @ blloyd8298 @ cavs_corner @ paulwileyva @ willsworldmn @ jerryratcliffe @ justin_ferber @ piercerx @ baselne2packlne @ hoo_crew 
i'll agree with that but collins is a stud. no problem with trading up but you better hit a home run when you do. the giants look like them because reese got cute after hitting on jpp and then drafted based entirely on measurables. 
i expect to wake up tomorrow to a lot of discussions on how the dems managed to lose this one. because this timeline is all about the right winning nominally impossible elections. 
another form of virtue signaling. they all imply that they voted democrat. that’s why all those people posted selfies with the “i voted” sticker in november 2016: to show they voted for hillary. 
. @ z100newyork is giving you the chance to be front row famous. enter for a chance to win front row seats to #z100jingleball and be our social media correspondent all night 
watching the new ahs and am actual fucking para oot ma nut about a nuclear war noo :)) 
who is going to play the microphone snatching lady on snl?? 
o_o well, i suppose he couldn't wear lwft or right without dragging on the ground... what book, or can't you say? 
and yet they didn’t even make the playoffs … 
too expensive. better ways to spend the money. 
to be totally honest if sammy is unhappy that has probably made the vast majority of people in ni happy. 
wow! he’s gone full-tilt intersectional. the de facto socio-lingua franca of cosmopolitan progressive elites. good for him! i hope he gets all the awards & international acclaim be strives for so cravenly. thanks for the screenshot! premium content! 
next up... @ ffdejenerate joins @ md_1010xl and myself for the #7@7 #drillingdowntosolveallyourfantasymysteries... footballdiehards on @ siriusxmfantasy now. 
jesus take the wheel … 
if we get results on hillary or obama, the country will shut up and learn to respect trump. results soon, please 
didn’t you change her life the moment she found out she was pregnant. like bitch what 
sometimes the answer to your prayers is what you lose. 
(perfectly fine, i get off to the idea of getting dommed by cinder) 
every night lately before i go to bed i make a list of things i want to do the next day and then i feel really good about myself when i get home and tick them all off loser ... 
dr. ronny jackson should've given trump a referral for further analysis, he has truly bumped his head!! the absolute asshole in chief! 
with all the lies an games he played an did 
-c- to see what the queen's wathcdog will sniff out. however...have you the courage to gaze upon the scene of the crime?" 
just read an article saying how the democrats don’t have a clear front runner for 2020 as if beto didn’t just give his heart and soul to his campaign. he should run because people would absolutely turn out to vote for him. 
the boy doesn't have a chance.. the judge is bias.. nypd will use every trick in the book. what happened to the missing 6 hours of them talking to him. how come his dna doesn't match. what evidence do they have other than him being black and in the wrong neighborhood 
weekly reminder that there is a special place in hell for people who have long cell phone conversations at the airport bar 
saving the world from bad interviews 
following the same teacher around means always playing the same repertoire. damn sry for u. 
bruh he so happy. him & wiz gonna have the coolest kids watch rt @ fasttimesatrf: currensy being a dad has been super lit for real 
this is the kind of disrespect that pisses me off with this generation you don’t deserve the freedom we have and that they provide … 
dad of the year! 
icymi: @ democracynow reports that another filipino lawyer, #benjaminramos, was murdered in the phillipines. he gave pro bono services to poor people targeted by president #duterte’s … 
what formation you like the most 
krampus proceeds to tie the back of barthie's headfur with the help of the headband that he pulled out. it's a present from him to the fire cat. ''there.'' 
ffs its friday !!! its only 365 days to the same day next year 
hey ust/midi makers! any advice you think is very important people to know? this can be from the midi,lyrcs,tuning process, ect ^ -^ 
well, good for him that he isn't the only one with that opinion: … 
the same thing goes for poc & women’s rights. i just don’t understand how you can be an ally of a group of people, but then put leaders in charge that make it harder for them to live a normal life. 
iara is the only other person that is valid in liking cbc, send tweet. 
i just entered to win tickets to see amy schumer at the paramount theatre in oakland! 
we’re at the fred kavli theater in thousand oaks. a vigil will be held here at 6p for the victims of the #borderlinebarshooting. doors open at 5p. the smoke is from the #hillinc 
still not answering my question while using the phrase "refuse to admit it". interesting. 
perhaps not by score, but worst loss i ever was at was in chip kelly’s last season, against the bucs. prior to that, i’d never left any game before the two minute warning. left that game near the end of the 3rd qtr. i was that disgusted. 
smfh at the patriarchy getting in the way of women yet again. … 
welcome to the real world. #socialistsuck 
just glad to see people like you recognize the smol fleas of twitter liek me :d 
i know, one of the most underrated frank songs 
aren’t they the same people who marched when he was nominated and confirmed 
the rise of fake hair hides a cruel truth - abc news … 
vote labour or get the tories 
the benefics be all 
i'm a professional barista 
he called acosta rude and that he shouldn’t be working for cnn, because he didn’t like nor could answer the questions. he took away wh access. a child. the black journalist he called stupid today is the 3rd woman of color he has verbally”abused”. tell me that’s ok. 
a portal appeared right below miu’s body as star popped out, grabbing both the body and petal as it flew into the portal and having it close behind it. 
one of the nurses at my work keeps saying “oh look it’s the devil” every time i enter the room she is in. i just want to know who told her? 
this is sad but imagine in escape the night season 3 you show up in the chapel and you walk out to see the entire city burned to nothing 
i hate the way i loved you. 
very unfortunate for dez, but it’s not like the saints really needed him 
misleading! to make true, you’d put plan in place now to keep the 1000s of current elderly & disabled from homelessness as the current mha subsidy is ending. solution is in your hands! but it’s [again/still] in limbo aka ‘in committee’. save their homes! please! @ bostonglobe 
the weekend has arrived!!!! an episode of shore to shore news right now on 
good man. i remember when i lived there going down to the holes on carson st and seeing people drink ic light and tomato juice. 
3. chandler v dpp simply isn't authority for saying that a decision made under statute can be regarded as non-justicable on the grounds that it concerns high policy. in fact lord devlin says exactly the opposite. 
yeah but wow it caught me off guard 
the governor can call in homeland security too! the dims have really shown their hand here. need to call it down soon! 
hey dude i’m sorry you’re so sick about the super bowl keep your head up 
café @ bts_twt 
i just earned the 'hella delicious! (level 23)' badge on @ 
no. there is no reason for your shorty driving to cause more people to be in danger. learn to drive or get off the road. i would love there to be a driving test every 2 years and way stricter on take peoples license away. … 
and your best rb is the only one who didn't fumble in the fourth quarter. 
the logo. … 
if you want more money take on more responsibility. the money will follow. paying people more than they produce for a company is a problem 
is he asian? i saw a man vastly underdressed in a t shirt and flip flops with bandages on his foot on my walk around 11 am along maple valley highway by the starbucks. just sharing as he was very out of place in 49 degree weather. 
no he’s trash...stares down every receiver and still can’t deliver the ball....he needs to transfer 
fraud. people die (sacrificed)! the last 3 questions are the clincher. #firefraud 
1/2 average turnout in the 14 states without early voting: 50.1%. average turnout in the 34 states (+dc) with early voting: 49.5%. early voting is a great convenience, but it just cannibalizes folks who would've voted anyway. it does not appear to increase turnout. 
im literally about to eat everything in the refrigerator 
look..... this is what happens. pics just dont down load fer ages. the signal is soooooo poor. it was happening in training today 
the issue has spread so much tho even my friend who didnt care about jbj knew about it and asked how i was doing lol 
my ex had the audacity to comment on a picture of me and my current boyfriend as if he [my ex] didn’t treat me like a second option for two years and make sex a living hell thank u, next. 
i frickin loved #fromage. every time i hear the song "hero" by @ enriqueiglesias i picture @ thereal_jlh crying over a tiny piece of cartoon cheese. 
this is really the worst time for canada post to be on strike, like it could’ve waited till after christmas 
yeah unfortunately not, my plan is to take the year off to find a good journalsim course unless something amazing pops up of course and go from there. 
still sad i wasn’t able to give jonah my coin and see mid90s in the theater 
belichick will snap him in a heart beat. ideally we put transition tag on him and match any of the offers we don’t him to take and we send him to cleveland or the bills ;). 
so i had the perfect weekend with the loml 
@ bonthius congrats on an amaaaazing campaign! are you coming to dc? i'm keeping an eye out for the future job postings for @ ocasio2018's dc office! 
oh fuck! *sips water* 
an exploration of #fortnite sounds and #asmr this is worth your time. i have added chapter links in the description of the video to make your exploration easier. 
pelosi: mueller doesn’t have to indict for trump to be impeached … all those who gave the control of congress to the #democrats and to the #socialistdemocrats are the reason why progress of the country will be thwarted for the next two years. 
i liked a @ youtube video shulk and the rest 
willow what the fuck 
uuuuggghhh... my cringe meter just bust apart and hit me in the eye.. 
bitter win...josh norman turns on his own team’s fans after redskins win via @ nypostsports 
i'm happy to admit you might be right but i'm also happy to add that it could just as easily be that they were good/great players who were let down by others. it really is hard to judge these things from the outside. 
while we’re at it, the ooh la la la choreo is trash in many ways 
something like this happened during the 2nd or 3rd flight of the falcon 1. the first stage separated but the there had been a miscalculation on how much "leftover thrust" the engine might have and the stage separated but then collided with the 2nd stage and caused damage/tumble. 
i’m just giving out the same energy/effort as i receive 
kinda, but not in the way you'd imagine. it's not that they are too powerful, too many weapons etc. it's that the writers have moved far away from actually challenging the rangers, creating a sense of peril and danger, likely due to marketing to a younger audience. 
im sorry but i will be spamming about #ikoninmanila for the next days :'> 
thank you @ therealstanlee for all that you’ve done. for all the laughs, smiles and tears. for allowing us nerds to have something to look forward to and bring us together with. you’re amazing and will absolutely be missed and that’s an understatement. may you rest in peace … 
leo varadkar, simon coveney, paschal donohoe, : ban halal & kosher meat in ireland - sign the petition! via @ change 
i heard about that from others too. even in shanghai's most prestigious xu hui district has bring the price dramatically down & will be continued. i have never went to shanghai, but many are talking about it. 
people hate the raimi trilogy, just because it's cheesy, actors are ugly, kristen dunst is annoying. but they never see the human side of this trilogy. that's why the critics and most of the fans love it 
i’d be really really grateful if you could gift the song?? ty for the opportunity 
our government isn’t fair. 
i know i have learned lots over the years in regards to what i read, things that make me go hmmm and things that make me go ohhh, thats a good point. always learning in this biz :d 
i don't have a lot of reason not to believe her, i don't think. i mean, i'm generally skeptical of anyone in sports if only because of toxic masculinity which i presume runs deep, but i really didn't get the impression that dipoto would also be that guy. 
the best thanksgiving food is sweet potato casserole don’t need to eat anything else 
it's a slow kill. 10 more before 2020 and you'll have enough low information independents buying into the new, re-imaged never-trumper with powerful rhetorical soundbites. 
gutted to miss this event today, unfortunately other commitments had to come first! super excited to read the articles about the event when they come out though! … 
say it louder for the thots in the back! … 
thought i might try a new style, i’ve heard looking like a charter bus seat is the new thing 
i’m trying to stay away from the drugs but maaaaan they be calling me like i owe them money 
seems like i’m the only one caring about layla’s needs lol typical. 
he’s a heartless bastard. i hope the red cross is there. stay safe … 
all, there has been a lot going on and many families need support. to help support families of victims from #borderline text tostrong to 41444 or click on the 
why on-the-job training is failing to prepare public service leaders, and how to fix it via @ skinnergj 
i’ve been on board with him since he lit the summer league up just need more of him , he’s showing he should be on the court 
im so excited for the sims celebrity life 
psst... it's @ tostamistashow's birthday tomorrow! to celebrate, hear the top 7 tracks of the first year of #tostamista. cheers! get your party on at 7am et: 
for the airpods once they’re connected to your bluetooth you should be able to control the volume normally and for screenshots just hold the power & top volume buttons 
she smiled “your the grinch” she said before kissing her softly 
after all the server and bug issues. prob. 
if you want the movement to stick start at the grassroots folks! … 
for anyone keeping up, i’ve finally come down firmly on the side of anti teddy coat 
i’d love this bundle :p if i got it it would be the second physical disc i own all the other 500 is digital :) 
i definitely understand this. but mi pree seh mi can tek a break from the life experience thing n start learn from others mistakes zeen i'm recuperating n in the words of ari grande mi nahve nuh more bawling a bawl 
being around. maybe he really just can keep him company through the worst phase. 
is there any place i can get any of the kids, it's been about having a laugh ridiculous stories and juxtaposition of rp in the yt pages 
the headassery 
willow could literally be dead ass sleeping and kaleb and i will say treat and she’s up and at the counter 
imagine being draymond last night and thinking you were a better option to win the game than kd, klay, or iggy. this man has a screw loose somewhere. 
many thanks for coming out to see the unveiling of this new attraction! #iae18 
actually. massive surprise. not even close to the job cora did as a 1st year manager. … 
no one is looting and it's not because of guns. it's because they don't lack the basic needs for survival. when restaurants are giving out free food, clothing stores are giving away free clothes, and other things, people tend to be cool. weird... 
what? fr ? over the him and durant situation? 
absolutely loving that #twd have introduced 2 characters/actors representing the deaf and hard of hearing community! my 2 new favourites 
hi amina i'm a web designer and would be happy to help. my site is my dm is open, i'd love to discuss the details. thanks, karl 
nah i know how the baseball writers are 
true if they are to speak and vote against it, they will have to resign before that. i'd be inclined to do it the same day, taking advantage of may's inability to think on her feet. 
libs. before you have a meltdown, go to the white house website, and check the new programs to help people. so many new programs trump has started for lower income families. too many to list on here. 
#bcravenslegacy it is a rewarding one, from the perspective of the newest hack on the bench at our us sc. #brettkavanaugh #unfitguardian 
being a thorn will get the stem clipped but the flower will still die... 
no lights anywhere. no signs of life. is brussels now a city of the dead? or even worse--the undead? 
wait now which one shonda?? cause she just fired the blonde chick 
there is a very easy way to add electricity to the fence. … 
there is a few people that i know who were always asked is your friend single and they were constantly slept on. all of them are beautiful ass butterflies rn and yall missed the fuck out. 
i was going to give you credit, but you jumped the gun. [leaves these ladies to it, ventures off to find something dark and dirty.] 
the universe was telling you, you need to see it :) 
#jazz at it's best, #stepup jazz #if u don't knw anything about jazz, its a good time to attend this great event of professional performances from the best of best of jazz artist; from far… … 
do not forget @ leecamp amazon developped - with programs burglied to ed in brussels by ing be - send by ing be to wapo / contract of 600 million dollars - used for the taking back of wapo by amazon an-d developements of wapo an-d amazon + other structures !!! … 
today is #burnthestage screening!!!!! yas broo, i get the ticket broo!!!! wohoooooooo @ bts_twt 
#nowplaying sweet i know by valerie woodard on #wniagospelradio #valeriewoodard inside the super mix rotation #listenlive | download our app in your app store! 
also if it turns out that there is such a large metabolic advantage to low carb don’t you want to know the exact highest #of carbs you can hbe to still get the benefit? 100 g carbs per 2000 kcals feels waaaaayyy more doable than 20! 
"by 2032" if current immigration rates don't change so what you want is more poor brown people to displace the poor white people and further depress wages just so you can have cheap labor? … 
if they are, the third year they could even be packaged as a set. #fingerscrossed 
exactly...the dems have to take the moral high ground, but they have to remind the country how the gop and fox news covered for trump these past 2 years. i'm going to enjoy watching guys like rubio defend a no vote in 2020. 
the people next to me are no jams hh 
nasa has revealed new findings about 'oumuamua, the 'alien probe' asteroid 
i know the is random, but i love how concisely you said this. 
i can consistently get to like 145/150 lines in tetris marathon, but the speed always murders me there 
idc i’m gonna see the bts movie this weekend , it’s worth my money 
keep the fight going! 
a lot of it involved me going back through and reading episode titles/descriptions. i did relisten to a few of the frost/christman eps and the patton oswalt one 
these the ones u cop hehehe jk 
the tokens - the lion sleeps tonight.mp3 via @ youtube 
the most pointless statement ever? said absolutely nothing we hadn’t already heard. each question had the same answer. deliberately going straight over her tory party heads? trying to project power while it all crumbles underneath her? 
gundham removed his bandages, revealing a skeletal hand. gundham's red eye flashed green. "you may have weaved, but i have unraveled realms through my power!" chanting something in a demonic language, the hand shot a stream of concentrated acid at a tree, melting it in seconds. 
i added a video to a @ youtube playlist cute white hungry cats - feed the cats ! 
sarahhhh!! thank you so much for the shout out <3 ((hugs)) 
give me one reason why you don’t like @ nancypelosi i get that we need change, lots of new blood in the house, but we are in “unknown territory,” like serious dark times. we need someone with real experience capable of stopping the chip-chip-chipping away at our democracy. 
you should have asked instead of saying it. but also, come on. watching you lemmings not even read the article is hilarious. … 
article | little description of mads character as " the priest " on at eternity’s gate ( @ aegfilm) directed by #julianschnabel. an article writing by adam yuster for @ thr. #madsmikkelsen #ateternitysgate 
one closes a door, the other one keeps two doors open. you are right. for men, it's a different equation because they can start making a ton of money sooner. but not for women. 
no visiting the east end, though… 
when you review battlefield 5, would love to see you recreate the intro from battlefield 1 where oj uses modern weapons instead of wwi weapons 
per the interwebs: the iff has ties to the american legislative exchange council (alec) through its executive director, wayne hoffman. alec is the koch brothers and other #deplorables. also anything libertarian is the kochs. 
just listed! 2124 lonedell rd, arnold, mo 63010 fabulous 1.5-story home nestled on a large 1.35 acre lot in the sought-after community of mount sterzik! this home boasts a spacious floorplan showcasing 4 bedrooms, 2.5... 
it’s a joke, jeez. not bullying. when they stepped into their current roles, they needed to expect jokes and criticism. every president has received it and taken it. he’s such a narcissist, he can’t take any criticism. it comes with the job. take a chill pill @ cheryld1025. 
"the cia" … 
all in the visions plus stoms 60. % of animals gone 
when they draft this...he needs to be written in as the one who knocks on the doors. 
beat the raptors 
wow they want to kill us. they are out in the open about this now … 
see the 60-foot tall pearl necklace chanel installed in its new nyc flagship store 
wifi is still out and i still hate my 
i understand the rest, but why baseball ?? 
welcome to the snake eater theme for 2 months straight 
why people always gotta make it about one race. we all living on the same planet we all did shit like this … 
its almost as if occukt forces are driving him to do something else.. #zuckerberg2024 
after watching the matrix trilogy again , i can confirm that, not a single pair of sunglasses were harmed during the making of these films. 
you really are the king of low prices. 
@ ericascavage erica, the reviews are phenomenal and you are one of my first followers. thank you for your great support 
feels good getting the w 
would you consider an organization that wants to reduce the world's population to half a billion a terrorist organization? what is their weapon? mind control. they make you believe they don't exist by making fun of 'conspiracy theorists' like me. … 
meryl streep is all 3 in into the woods … 
i remember the feeling of seeing this in the theater...the fastest way to get everyone to hate your new villains is to watch people scream as they get wiped out in genocide, i guess 
the gamer’s paradox : do you get ready or do you play one more game ? 
i hate the human experience 
mikes had a good day and well i thought he deserved a treat so i dived into the bottles i bought and gave him this one. he did really appreciate it. 
i’m in a mood to complain. cramps are the worst. 
good going to dat stranger (that @ tuckercarlson talks about shown in the picture from this particular tweet)!!!!!!!!!!!! … 
@ drift0r what happened to the black market advantage to players with the call of duty pass? 
alex mcleish will wrap his winning side "in cotton wool" ahead of their nations league showdown with israel after their 4-0 thumping of albania. he had nine injury call-offs ahead of the game in shkoder and wants to ensure there are no more. 
the final game in tiger stadium in 2018 against rice. if you’re not heading to tiger stadium! we've got you covered for the tigers game. cold beers and friendly faces. watch at tj ribs tonight saturday! geaux tigers!! 
join us tonight at duke's tavern & tap for the jp lastella and company trio! the music starts at 8 pm, and the fun goes down all night. 
i liked a @ youtube video only hope - regine velasquez [ regine at the movies ] 
what a splendid day mon private boat ride to floating pelican bar as a rainbows bends over our heads dreamy turquoise crystal water,local rum & lobster curry dishes playing dominos & doing the dam thang — at pelican bar, treasure beach, jamaica … 
i've got the #chargers teased down to -1 but i never trust rivers and this team no matter what regime is in charge. other half of teaser was steelers 0. 
texas state fired their coach. i’ll be waiting for a phone call to fill the vacant position. 
more focused on food reviews but i’ll be adding travel to it, as time goes by i’ll be introducing the other colours in the jar and revealing some other stuff to review 
this is no coincidence. we just have to open our eyes. the holy spirit is moving upon those who diligently seek him. thank you @ weekndvigilante … 
john ward is a national treasure, just like you sol. both of you, keep up the great work! it's about the only thing that keeps me sane these days. 
susan from the church college ministry had alexa and i felt like i was in a get out/black mirror mashup 
wait this guy is still in the music industry? 
i'm the weakest q le hago 
tbh, every time we speaking in our native tongue does not mean we talkin about you! we love to joke around and laugh hysterically about random stuff all the time. so, don't take it personal when we do.life's not that serious, boo! #thankyounext 
so about 10 mins ago some jackass was driving his beater car thru the parking lot at my building... he did 2 laps around, apparently bouncing off at least 3 cars (thankfully missed mine)... one guy tried chasing him on foot but... cops are on their way but the jackass is gone. 
a champion for the entire season would be nice. playoffs work well for single ball sports. 
oh my god is that some ass in the park? 
less worth it was probably the contractor installing a sunroof on my neighbour's roof looking at me the whole time but whatever. we suffer for instagram. 
i'd like to see them pick up the w to put some distance between the chiefs and the chargers. 
what the heck am i gonna wear for thanksgiving... 
who do the bbc think they are? left wing bias against the elected mps? time they were made to generate their own money, using their vile politics. see how far they get 
@ noreaga @ drinkchamps we need az before the year ends. for the culture 
actually if you watch the whole of that little video there are some nice people too 
we broke away from the british. why are we heading this way again? wtf, did we not learn the first fkn time? … 
she doesnt realize that all the likes are the conservatives and reasonable democrats laughing at this response. 
only worried (very relative term with this team) because this year's team has proven that, although they can beat the very best, they can lose to almost any team. 
backfire intelligence strikes again... jacobina...the rat princess and her merry band of misfit goons. i can’t wait to see them go down in flames like a zeppelin. 
i'm only assuming because of the "mama~~" part 
i just knoooow ima be a mad mf in the morning 
if @ theacademy doesn't want the #governorsawards to be part of the oscars, couldn't they live stream them on youtube? or find someone who might be interested in airing them? 
tracer requires skill and positioning knowledge in order to succeed with her, she also has the lowest health in the game making her quit easy to kill if you're better then her. this 'tracer meta' was way more diverse as well. #deletetracer is quite a stupid proposal. 
just saw the movie glorious last night and been wanting to call mama to tell her how i related to the film coz it made me realized how old she was when she had a new boyfriend at 50. her boyfriend was 60 and died 5 years ago. also mama has no phone. she lives in the stone age. 
i'd very much like to see paper ballots, hand counted with people overseeing it. we should make a national exercise of the whole mechanism of democracy. i love computers am not anti tech, but we need to assure voters things are square and i think we've lost some. 
look the nfl is a weekly sosp opra.same teams every year high school football is where the game is still real 
if you search for online reviews for sites like this, you may not get so much online that will help you in making the right decision. but, instead of searching for reviews on a new betting site. #agenjudideposittermurah 
every time i listen to the less i know the better i think of that one fic and get emotional bye 
and the falcons are not a really good football team 
we apologize for the hassle caused, that's not what we want you to experience. we see that you have spoken with one of our supervisors yesterday and your concern has been addressed. as informed, we have taken a request (cont) … 
@ hsbc_uae i have been victim of fraud for beneficiary account registered with hsbc uae where i ended up transferring aed 30k to help someone i know. the fraud beneficiary account is ac no: 026481069001 iban: ae030200000026481069001 beneficiary: muhammad zohaib tareen please help 
